"Before reading Animal Farm, I had no idea that the history of the Soviet Union could be so fun!!!The story starts off with words of wisdom passed on by Old Major, Lenin's or Stalin's piggish counterpart and the founder of Animalism, a form of society in which all animals are equal and all have their duties to the collective. The pigs of the farm, being the most intelligent of farm animals, proceed to organize the overthrow of the current oppressive 'government' (Farmer Jones) and rename the farm Animal Farm. The duty of leadership has only two real contenders, the two predominant pigs of the farm: Napoleon (a ruthless, evil, and ultimately corrupt egoist-politico, representative of Stalin) and Snowball (a relatively selfless pig concerned mostly with reforms to the system, representative of Trotsky). Snowball is eventually driven out of Animal Farm, and thanks to Napoleon's 'propaganda minister', Squealer, the animals, dumb as they are, soon forget all that Snowball fought for and accomplished in the name of Animalism.The book is great, whether you know it is a 'brief history of twentieth-century Russia' or whether you see it simply as a fantasy tale. Orwell's use of foreshadowing in the development of the ending goes nearly so far as to ruin it, but it is surprising nonetheless. One of his tools for this was the Seven Commandments of Animalism, which provide a benchmark to refer to as we see Napoleon twist them and pervert them to One Commandement. I particularly liked the third-person point of view Orwell wrote from. It allows us to see everything that the animals don't realize is going on behind their backs as Napoleon schemes his schemes and plots his plots. And I found the contrast between Snowball and Napoleon to be very dramatic; Snowball's undying dedication to Animalism as compared to Napoleon's undying dedication to his own advancement.My opinion is that there should be more authors like George Orwell. Or maybe there should be more books like Animal Farm. Not just a striking analogy, but a really good, entertaining book. Recommended, two thumbs up, five stars, blah, blah, blah.The thing that hit me after reading this book:Wow. That really happened."
"Animal Farm, by George Orwell, is a novel that ridicules communism. Animalism, which represents communism, was a revolution that didn't work. Animalism was supposed to make life better for the animals but instead the  quality of life only decreased.  By the end of the story, the government  had become corrupt, there was a dictator, and the animals had become slaves  to the pigs.The story begins with the animals going against Mr. Jones,  the farmer, because of the way they were treated.  The animals felt that  the farmers received all the goods for the work they did.  So they created  a government named Animalism.  In Animalism, there are no owners, no rich,  but no poor, workers got a better life, and all animals are equal. The  animals established the Seven Commandments, which were laws that intended  to give basic rights to animals and protect them from oppression. The goals  of the governmentwere also set up. The goals said that everyone was  equal, there would be more food and sleep for all, there was to be respect  for all animals, and they would build a windmill to make life better for  all.  All this didn't exist by the end of the book.  The animals were  getting less sleep, less food, and less respect.  The windmill became a  source of money for the leaders, not for all the animals.  The seven  commandments were gradually changed to suit the just the pigs until there  was only one commandment left.  This commandment said that some animals are  more equal than others. This was the exact opposite of what they originally  intended to achieve.  Animalism no longer existed.At the beginning of  the story, there were two pigs that led the animals. Snowball was honest,  inventive, and good with words.  He stayed in touch with the animals, and  truly wanted to make things better for them. Napoleon, however, was  dishonest, bad with words, and was not inventive at all. He wanted to be  above all the animals.  He never wanted to make things better for them.  In  order for Napoleon knew that in order to be above all the animals he had to  get  rid of Snowball.  He did so by getting his dogs to scare him away,  making it so Snowball would never  return.  Napoleon was then in total  control of the farm and the animals. Napoleon and the pigs started acting  like humans, their enemies.  They did everything that they had once said  was wrong.  Things were worse for the rest of animals than when Mr. Jones  was running the farm.  Once Napoleon takes over and forms the dictatorship,  the animals are forced to work. Napoleon and the pigs owned the farm and  the others became slaves to them. The animals ""volunteered"" or  they got less food.  The dogs used force; and Squealer, another pig, would  lie to them to make them work.  The pigs weren't fair to the other animals  at all.Orwell shows that revolutions are not always for the better,  which was his intent.  He wrote this to show his opposition to the  communism in Russia.  The outcome of the book shows what happened in  Russia, as Stalin and Lenin turned into Napoleon, trying to dictate a  country."
"Animal Farm was a riveting story of the struggle between the hopes of determinated, loyal, farm animals and the over-powering, corrupted, group of pigs that cruely ruled the farm. Both exciting and touching, dramatic  and entertaining, so imaginative yet so real, this stort not only  entertains the reader, but makes you think about life and its state of  reality. With startling resemblance to the events surrounding the Russian  Revolution, this story takes you on a trip into the minds and souls of  animals that you never believed could think. The novel is written  briliantly and discriptively which allows the reader get to know the  characters, feel their pain, think their thoughts, and live their lives.  After the animals on the Manor Farm rebel against their cruel owner, they  believe all hardships are over and they worry no more about suffering from  hunger and being visiously over worked. But their hopes were proven false  when the new power comes to play and seems to be slowly evolving into what  they each know and fear. With their new found power the pigs become  corrupt. Maybe it was the power, maybe it was the freedom, but whatever it  was that drove them to be the selfish, cruel, depriving, nearly abusive,  and quite desceptive rulers that they turned out to be, it must have been  strong. The animals were loyal to their rulers, the pigs, though they  surely resented them. They never betrayed them, but recieved betrayal in  return. Breaking the set rules that the pigs themselves made to keep  animalism pure, they diseaved and betrayed their loyal followers. The  outcome of the story was sad but true when the pigs finally reach the point  of corruption with no return. They became cruel and heartless to their  fellow animals. The pigs evolved into what the animals feared most, the  corrupted by power, greedy, selfish, man; thus leaving them with a future  even scarier than their lives once were. Power corrupts all."
"...but some are more equal than others.  This is a simple paperback version of one of two Orwell novels that have become mandatory reading for anyone with a grasp on the English language.  I am going out on a limb to instead recommend grabbing the hardcover anniversary edition with illustrations by Ralph Steadman (ISBN: 0151002177) instead, particularly to those who have already read the book once through.  Here's why.A lot of the reviews on here clamor about how Orwell predicted our current political climate astonishingly well, or how accurate his allegory has become in light of the Bush administration.  In addition to Steadman's wonderfully grim (and expectedly violent) illustrations throughout, I feel that the anniversary edition is given the additional benefit of an explanation of George Orwell's intentions and motivations from the author himself.  The real cause he was pursuing, exposing the evils of Communism (not Britian, Western Civilization, democracies gone awry, capitalism, etc.), is very intresting to me, and I think this epilogue will be insightful to other readers.  If you're new to Animal Farm, read the first version you can get your hands on, if you're going back to it again, definitely track down a copy of the 1996 version.  I was very glad I did, and not just to have the kick of some slick illustrations, either.There's no use wasting my breath recommending the story of Animal Farm itself.  It should be read, and will conceivably be continued to be read until the end of time.  As long as politics and governments fail, and they will, Animal Farm is an essential, keenly observational allegory for our time, for all time.  Read it."
"I purchased this to have my own copy while I read it with my students. The copy I received has the entire story, but the cover art is not what is depicted here.This copy has two shades of blue with Animal Farm in white letters with a Mule and Pig over the title. My copy is white with a small pink pig walking into the word Farm in the title, from the pages side of the cover. It is also listed as 50th Anniversary edition, and I cannot find any such notation on the copy I received.The book arrived in good condition and in a timely manner. I rated it as a 4 due to the fact that I was surprised that the cover art did not match."
"Having missed this book when I was younger, I'm glad that I finally read it. Orwell, like many intellectuals of his day, embraced communism as the utopia of the future. Unlike many intellectuals, however, Orwell eventually saw through the lies and propaganda to recognize real communism for what it was - just another brutally totalitarian regime no better than fascism.Animal Farm is a very short, very well written satire. To those pie-in-the-sky dreamers who still think that communism has something to offer the world, Orwell depicts very graphically what really happens in any communist revolution: all men may be equal, but some are more equal than others, and once in power the primary goal of the communist leaders is to remain in power at whatever cost.Orwell draws his characters very well - well enough that I will personally take more pleasure in eating pork from now on! The pigs in Animal Farm clearly are meant to represent the fat-cat communist party leaders, and the dogs that do their bidding are analogous to the KGB and other security forces of the old Soviet Union.Summary: Animal Farm is an old book, but it's still relevant today as countries continue to be ruled by or taken over by communist parties. The point is that while communism may appear to be a utopia for workers, in a very short time, ideology fades away as the communist party gains power and becomes dedicated solely to remaining in power.A great book that lives up to its reputation."
"As the victim of a poor education system based on nationalism and religious intolerance, it wasn't until a foreign colleague gave me this book as a gift did it dawn on me what a wonderful piece of literature I had missed out on all these years. ""Animal Farm"" is basically a story about revolution and how the best intentions can go horribly wrong due to the dictatorial tendencies of those in power. The only difference is, all the main characters are animals and the setting is on an English farm. It tells of how the animals overthrow the human owner and try to run the farm themselves in the interest of freedom from tyranny. Things slowly start to change as a particular group of animals assume power at the expense of all the others.The allegorization to some modern governments and institutions is unmistakable and quite sobering. The story itself is not long and can easily be read in one sitting. This particular edition also features Orwell's previously unpublished preface and one he wrote for the Ukranian translation of this book. A long introduction by Malcolm Bradbury (emeritus professor of American studies) and a note on the text by Peter Davidson (research professor of English) explain some of the motives behind the book and a little background information on Orwell (i.e. Eric Blair) himself. Overall, an excellent and compelling story that I simply could not put down."
"Who would have guessed that one of the most insightful works on human nature could be told as a cartoon-like story about animals simple enough for a child to enjoy?  I first read this book at 17, with little knowledge of Soviet history let alone the Spanish Civil War.  Nonetheless, the book the book left a mark on me and taught me to be skeptical (or even cynical) about idealistic schemes not supported by checks, balances, and a basic assumption of human greed.I returned to the book 12 years later after reading Orwell's Homage to Catalonia and other books on the Spanish Civil War.  I believe that Animal Farm is Orwell's attempt to distill his observations about revolutionary politics and human nature gained from his experiences in the Spanish Civil War into a novel unconstrained by the limitations of journalism.  In doing this, he has created a timeless masterpiece.The second time around, I read it to my 4 year old son and he enjoyed it immensely.  It must have stuck with him, because he was able to sort each of the animals into the ""houses"" described in Harry Potter (which we read a month later)."
"I had to read this book for my English class and I enjoyed it pretty much. Yes there are animals that talk. Don't go and think this is for kids only. It's also for adults but anyone will enjoy it.WHAT THE ANIMALS AND PEOPLE REPRESENT IN STORY:Manor Farm represents Russia.Mr.Jones represents Czar Nicholas II.The livestock represent the Russian People.The Pigs represent the Communist Party.Animalism represents Communism.Napolean represents Stalin.Snowball represents Trotsky.Boxer represents the loyal Worker.The sheep represent the the masses of citizens.Foxwood represents England.Pilkington represents Churchill.Frederick represents Hitler.Pinchfield represents Germany.Of corse you'll have to read the book to see what kind of animals and people Boxer, Snowball, Old Major and everyone else are in the story"
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is about animals that defeat their dictator-like owner, but there perfect paradise is soon threaened by another evil. The animals are strugglin durning and after the defeat, but as soon as things were getting better they fell apart in a long slow manner. The pigs in this book are very controling and think that all the animals should follow in their footsteps. George Orwell wants you to feel bad for the animals even after the defeat of Mr. Jones. He wrote this book in third person so that you see what is happening all around not just from one animals mouth. When the pigs run the farm just like Mr. Jones only a few of the other animals notice just like the horses and a few of the other animals. The Metophor to this book would be, don't turn into something that you didn't like in the first place.If you like a story with a good moral, excitement and a book you can't put down that this book is for you."
"One of the marks of a great work of literature is that it can be read on different levels.  George Orwell's Animal Farm is such a work.  We can read  it as a child's fable or as a description of the 1917 Russian Revolution  with Snowball-Trotski, Napoleon-Stalin, Old Major-Lenin (or is it Marx?)  and Squealer-a collection of various Stalinist toadies- providing the  history lesson.  That can be instructive and we come away feeling that we  understand the fundamental dynamics of totalitarianism, in all quite  contented with ourselves.That would however be missing the most  important point for Americans today that is brought out in the book.  Dictatorship doesn't arise in one fateful moment, people don't become  manipulated pawns overnight, rights are not eroded or even reversed with  one blatant stroke of a pen on a governmental decree.  If anything the  history of 20th Century dictatorships shows us that this is a gradual  process as in Orwell's book.  Napoleon's plans are put into effect slowly;  the laws are changed methodically one by one, at night when the animals are  asleep.  History itself is taken away and washed of any conflicting  elements that displease the powers in control or bring up uncomfortable  questions.  Gross inequalities are said to be necessary, unavoidable, even  positive, while a strong police presence backed with cruel punishments  discourage any overt opposition.  The most important element of control is  to convince the people that things are ""better"" than before without  actually telling them what the ""before"" was like.  Convince them that  theirs is the best of all possible worlds without really comparing it to  anything else.  Arouse their sense of patriotism and use popular symbols to  distract and confuse.  All this is shown in the book to be very effective  in establishing and maintaining control, all the while the real condition  of the animals/citizens only worsens, the manipulation and domination only  becomes more obvious, more difficult to rationalize and explain away.Now  for the clincher - How has OUR country changed in the last 20 years?  Are  we as a people more manipulated and dominated by unseen and unaccountable  plutocratic elites, less in control of our supposedly democratic government  than in 1980?  Are we, the common people, not confronted today with a far  more refined, more subtle type of control and domination, which allows us  steadily decreasing room to move about, a constantly constricting pen so to  speak, whose artificial veneer of ""liberty"" is wearing increasingly thin?  Is it even allowed in polite company to pose such questions?A  biologist friend of mine tells me that if a frog is put into a pan of hot  water it will jump out, but put the same frog in a pan of cool water and  gradually increase the temperature to boiling, the frog will stay in the  pan until his eyes burst.  Perhaps we Americans should ask ourselves where  we are, metaphorically speaking, in the Animal Farm herarchy.  Are we at  least hard-working horses who occasionally question what is done supposedly  in our name, or are we simple frogs, sweating now, only semi-sentient, but  still smug and stupid in our belief that things will only get better?"
"Animal Farm? This book looked like an easy way to save time on a book report I had been assigned. It was short, comical, and full of illustrations. Heck, this report might not be so bad after all. Animal Farm took two days to read and several more to ponder the significance of it.I was already aware that Animal Farm was a polotical satire, and I could not help but notice how closely the plot-line resembled th state of Russia while under Stalin's rule. After doing an ample amount of research I discovered that Animal Farm was anti-Stalinist propaganda. The way Orwell portrays how manipulative a person (or a group of people for that matter) can be when kept politically blind is just awesome. Orwell displays keen observation on how a corrupt government sucks all the energy and life of a country. Sure, sure it all starts out looking like every decision made by authority is just and will benifit the people, but, as proven time and time again, there will always be someone at the top whose ambitions become... to self-serving. It's an exellent book, and a person's age would not affect their comprehension of it in a negative way. If I had  read Animal Farm in the second grade, it still would have made sense to me. Animals take over a farm, live a happy life, become steeped in hardship, and are eventually betrayed by the the one who they thought would protect them. That is essentially what Animal Farm is about. Definitely a good read, open to interpretation. Read it for the story, the deeper message, the humor, or for whatever reason. Animal Farm will not fail to amuse."
"On general this book is interpreted as a satirical story about the way Russian communism (didn't) work. I do believe that this view misses a deeper layer, namely that Orwell is describing the 'working of a revolution'. In the book Orwell describes how at first flaws in the current system are found, a new ideology is born and a plot is formed against the existing powers. When the revolution succeeds, the leaders of the revolution also become the leader of the country. These ""great leaders"", however, can hardly be questioned because of there role in the revolution. Slowly the unchecked power corrupts, leading to an opportunistic interpretation of the ideals and the self maximisation of wealth (just as the former rulers). Although - clearly - primarily based on the Russian revolution, the book also reveals the way hypocrisy arises after the French revolution (Freedom, equality and brotherhood, but - for instance - how 'equal' was Napoleon) and the rise of Racism/Fascism (note that `four legs good, two legs bad' is essentially a racist remark, and compare this with the German believe that blond blue eyed people are superior, except of course ....). I do believe that Animal Farm is primarily a warning against unchecked power (see also `1984') that in this case arises after a revolution. Probably Orwell based `Animal Farm' on communism, just because the ideals are more universal and more appealing as those of Racism, and because it is more recent as the French revolution."
"This book creates a pretty accurate picture of what it would be like to live under a totalitarian government. In the book the animals are tired being opressed by the human beings! So they drive away they're master and take control of the farm. But it dosen't take long for the pigs to take over. Slowly but surely the pigs get more and more powerful.It finally get to where all the ""Seven Commandments"" set up just after the ""rebellion"", and the motto of ""four legs good, two legs bad"" are replace by one rule. ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others."" Then things are no better that they were when the humans were still there.I would recommend this book to anyone who is even slightly interested."
"I enjoyed reading 'Animal Farm' by George Orwell.  It is a book that if you don't read all that carefully can just be mistaken for a book about the revolution that happens in just one farm, but it is really much much more.  George Orwell was a very political writer in books such as '1984' and, this book, 'Animal Farm.'  He was a socialist that was critical of Communism and hated Totalitaianism.  He thought that the modern man was unable to deal with demands of his history, so it is interesting that he chose animals to tell this interpretation of government.  I see it as an interpretation of what went down in Germany during and prior to World War 2, starting with Stalin and going to Hitler.  The different figures from actual history are sometimes blended into one character, but it still follows the same principles.  The way that Orwell does this is very clever and creative.  It takes the idea of talking animals to the next level and shows them using some extreme personification.  If you are contemplating this book, I think that you really should.  It is a great way to see not only an interesting way to look at the government, but as the book progresses you will see a very interesting comment about human nature.  I give it a good two thumbs up.  It may not be that long or that thick of a book, but it is really good with good statements.  ENJOY!!!"
"I'm quite old now, but many decades ago I was forced to read this in school.  It was the first time I loved a book I was forced to read, and to this day it was the one I enjoyed the most at least until college."
"The animals of Manor Farm stage a revolution against Farmer Jones and the humans that run the farm. They are successful, rename the farm Animal Farm, and decide to work together for themselves and be free of humans forever. For awhile, everything goes as planned, but little by little greed and the love of power corrupt Napolean, the pig that everyone looks up to as leader, and things begin to change.""Power corrupts, but absolute power corrupts absolutely"". I don't remember who said this, but George Orwell definitely managed to get that point across in Animal Farm. I think everyone should read this book at least once."
"Animal Farm was a very good book. Although it got of to a slow start at first, when I was finished, I was glad I read it. I feel that Snowball was the better leader. That he was NOT a dictator. The poor other animals had to have Napoleon as a dictator. They had to watch as Napoleon and his dogs had a massacre. And Napoleon worked them way to hard. Napoleon was a liar and a cheat. Those poor animals did nothing wrong. The book was very good because of the way George Orwell set it up. With the main animals representing someone of great importance of that time. I recommend this book to everyone."
"Animal Farm is an easy-to-read book,and on th surface it seems like it's about animals.Pigs and horses and moles fill the story.It definetely looks boring to a person who's older than 13 and who's looking for depth in books.But,as I said before,it just seems boring on the surface , however no reader can deny how deep the book really is.Obviously it's about the Russian Revolution and what happened afterwards,and it's a must to read about Soviet Union in order to understand the book thoroughly. Surely it's possible to see the power fight among the pigs and relate it to real world,but that's not understanding it as a whole.After you read about the Soviet Union,you'll have a different enjoyment figuring out who's who.For example Napoleon the pig is representing Stalin,and Snowball the pig is representing Trotsky.Overall,first read about ""the"" revolution and what happened afterwards,understand who did what,and then read this fabulous book.You'll definetely have fun and a strange smile will form on your face after you read the last line."
"Most people I know that have read this book didn't like it. Personally, I did. I think that, to an extent, most people don't completely understand this book. Of course, I'm not sure I would have either if I hadn't read it with my English class. I learned that it was an allegory (a story within a story). In one sense its about animals on a farm rebelling against thier owner, in another, its about the Russian Revolution. I enjoyed the book quite a bit and would recomend it to people who like to read and/or people who find the Russian Revolution interesting."
"A quite excellent book and the best political satire I have ever read. Can only be fully appreciated if the reader is familliar with the history of the Russian Revolution. For those who aren't, here is a list of who, or  what, I thought the various animals and events represented.Jones:= The  Aristocracy. The Old Major:= Lenin. Napoleon:= Stalin. Snowball:= Trotsky.  Squealer:= Beria?. Boxer:= The male Peasants. Dolly:= The female Peasants.  The Pigs:= The Communist Party. The Dogs:= The NKVD. The Sheep:= The Army.  The Raven:= The Clergy. The Donkey:= The Intellectuals, maybe the Jews. The  Windmill:= Stalin's 5 year plans. Frederick`s Farm:= Germany. Pilkington  Farm:= The West. The Counterfeit Money:= The Molotov-Rippentrop  Pact.Hope this is useful."
"""Animal farm"" is to this day one of the best attempts to criticize a totalitarian regime through the means that literature provides: the power of words. George Orwell (1903- 1950) wanted to help others to realize things that for him were evident, and attempted to do so by writing a fable that can easily be read as a satire of the Russian Revolution. Orwell said in an article that ""Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic Socialism, as I understand it. It seems to me nonsense, in a period like our own, to think that one can avoid writing of such subjects. It is simply a question of which side one takes and what approach one follows"".Orwell also pointed out that ""Animal Farm was the first book in which I tried, with full consciousness of what I was doing, to fuse political purpose and artistic purpose into one whole"". He succeded beyond his wildest expectations, even though at first nobody wanted to publish this work because it was too controversial.The plot of this book is relatively easy to grasp, and I think that is probably one of the reasons why it is so popular. Some animals decide to take over the conduction of a farm, because they believe there is too much injustice, and that they would improve the situation if they had the power to do so. They make a revolution, and end up evicting Mr. Jones, the owner of the farm. From that moment onwards, the farm is called ""Animal farm""...The animals establish seven ""commandments"", that they are supposed to obey at all moments in the new ""Animal farm"": 1- Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy, 2 - Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend,  3- No animal shall wear clothes, 4 - No animal shall sleep in a bed , 5 -No animal shall drink alcohol, 6 - No animal shall kill another animal , 7- All animals are created equal.  At the same time, all commandments can be comprised in a maxim: ""Four legs good, two legs bad"".Everything seems all right for sometime, and all the animals work together for the success of the revolution, obeying the commandments and striving for a new order of things. However, after a while the pigs begin to think that being part of the animal revolution is not enough: they want to dominate it. After that first realization things take a quick turn for the worse, and we cease to be in the presence of a ""wannabe utopical society"",  having instead to be unwilling witnesses to the birth of a new totalitarian society.At that moment, the pigs even change some of the commandments. For example, the fourth commandment turns into ""No animal shall sleep in a bed with sheets"", and the sixth commandment says ""No animal shall kill another animal without cause"". Now, the commandments can be reduced to ""Four legs good, two legs better"". Finally, all the commandments will be replaced with one: ""All animals are created equal, but some animals are more equal than others"".All in all, I consider ""Animal farm"" extremely interesting, even though it is somewhat sad and pessimistic. The language is clear, and you won't find yourself wondering what the author meant by a phrase, or needing to read a paragraph again. From my point of view, that makes the reading process even more enjoyable.Despite that, I believe that this book will be considerably more appreciated by those with some basic knowledge regarding the Russian Revolution. Only then will the reader be able to take full advantage of what this short fable can offer him, due to the fact that he will realize without too much effort that some of the fictional characters in ""Animal Farm"" were inspired by historical characters. For example, Napoleon (one of the pigs) was quite possibly inspired by Stalin, and Snowball (another pig) by Trosky. When you read this book, try to find the characters that represent the proletariat, the Communist Party, the intellectuals, etc... :)On the whole, I regard this book as one of those you just need to read, but that fortunately you can also enjoy. The messages implicit in ""Animal farm"" are many, and the questions it makes you pose yourself are even more. But then, what better than a book that makes you THINK ?.Belen Alcat"
"""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell was never required reading for me when I was in school, so it took me some time to finally get around to reading it. I found it to be a complete and enjoyable read that had me hooked from the very first sentence. It is an excellent exercise in symbolism and creative imagination. While the book may be a very short read, it brings a whole lot to the table by giving you an interesting take on how history can be reenacted in the most imaginative ways. The animals on Mr. Jones' farm have had enough of what they deem to be slavery. They're tired of being ordered around by humans while they see no benefits in their daily work. This is all sparked by a dream that the boar, Major, had about a unique place where animals called the shots and never had to be ordered around by humans ever again. He tells them a revolution is very much needed. When Major dies, the animals act quickly and are able to overthrow the alcoholic farmer and his thugs from his very own farm. The pigs are in charge now, as they claim that they are much smarter than the others and know how to lead. What seems to be paradise quickly transforms into another form of slavery altogether enforced by propaganda and threats from the pigs. And yet, the animals do not know any better, as they are deceived by the new system that gives them the illusion that they are better off than they were with Mr. Jones calling the shots. The book is greatly inspired by real events that went down during the era of communism in Russia, using animals as the actual people. While it helps to know about that time period, the book is written so well that it is easily understood even if you only know a little about what happened during that time. The use of animals was a very creative way to tell this story, as it gives you a big incentive to actually care for these characters. Had this just been about real people, then it would've just sounded like anything you could find in your history books. Orwell finds a much more interesting way of tackling the topic. He gives life to every one of his characters and they all elicit some kind of a feeling from you. There are times when the book is funny, and then there are times when it is just downright chilling (the last chapter will stay in your head for more than a few hours). George Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is a genuine masterpiece that quickly hooks the reader from the very beginning. It's an extremely easy read as well as an enjoyable one--not enjoyable in the sense that this is a ""happy tale,"" but enjoyable in the sense that you really feel like you're reading something great. If you haven't had the chance to check it out, make sure you add this to your reading list. It is something that should be read by everyone at least once in their life, even if they don't end up enjoying it as much as others. I loved every single word that was written in the extremely creative read. This is an important classic in literature that shouldn't be missed for any reason. -Michael Crane"
"Animal Farm is, quite simply, one of the best and most powerful books ever written.  I first read it at 12 years of age but couldn't appreciate the author's entire message, not having the requisite knowledge of the Russian Revolution and its aftermath.  Reading it again, however, I came to understand and fully appreciate the genius of George Orwell.Animal Farm is a scathing criticism of Communism, or more specifically, the Communist system of the former USSR.  Himself a Socialist, Orwell detested the way in which its ideals were twisted and manipulated by those in power in the USSR, resulting in a terrible fate for the common people.The story pulls no punches; although Orwell uses the fictional setting of a farm with talking animals, his aim is to expose the reader to the hypocrisy of the Soviet regime.  The figure of Josef Stalin is easily identified in the character Napoleon, one of the leaders of the animal rebellion.  The leaders were first inspired by Major, an aging boar on the farm who clearly represents Karl Marx.  Major had given the farm animals the idea that they should strive for a better life than their current plight .  After his death, Napoleon and Snowball, another character representing Vladimir Lenin, lead the overthrow of the human-run farm and establish ""Animal Farm.""  But Napoleon later assumes complete control over the Rebellion, and, as Stalin did, betrays virtually all aims and maxims originally put forth by the rebellion founders.  The story ends with the common farm animals in a far worse state of affairs than when the story began.Orwell used his ""fairy story,"" published in 1945, to remind people of the dangers of Soviet Russia, and to differentiate it from the idea of Socialism.  It is also a condemnation of totalitarianism in general (one can clearly see Joseph Goebbels in the character of Squealer, the mouthpiece of the rebellion).These messages are just as powerful today as they were when Orwell first wrote them over half a century ago.To paraphrase the chilling Commandment from the last chapter:  ""All authors are equal, but some authors are more equal than others.""Read, and understand.  Orwell achieved a perfection rarely matched in literature.Five stars."
"Written as a parable, ANIMAL FARM offers the cautionary tale of Manor Farm, owned by Mr. Jones, who proves a poor manager and who treats the farm animals poorly.  Emboldened by the dreams of a long-lived, much respected, and recently deceased pig named Major, the farm animals rebel, throw Mr. Jones out, and seize the property.  The will run the farm to suit themselves, and none will go hungry, none will be mistreated, and all animals will live equally as brothers.It is a fine dream--indeed, it mirrors mankind's most cherished hopes for civilization.  But history teaches us that where the opportunity for explotation exists there is no shortage of those to take advantage of it.  Little by little the clever pigs, led by Napoleon, rise to power.  And the other animals are too trusting and often too ignorant to see that they have merely exchanged one task master for another.ANIMAL FARM is often described as a satire on communist Russia.  That is certainly true, and readers who have some knowledge of the history of the Russian Soviet will be quick to recognize the parodies of Karl Marx, Lenin, and Trotsky, among others.  But Orwell cuts considerably deeper than this.  Russia may have been the starting point, but in truth the parable of ANIMAL FARM can be applied to any culture where political leaders manipulate the public through a mixture of unreasonable hope, media ""spin,"" and irrational fear to remain in power.As such, ANIMAL FARM remains as disquieting today as it was more than half a century ago.  And we can be sure that, in nations where power becomes centered in the hands of the few, it will continue to be among the first novels banned when that power becomes absolute.GFT, Amazon Reviewer"
"This book sets the standard for political and social satire. It was required reading when I was in high school and in my opinion one of the best books ever written. However, like all other books of social satire, you must know something of history to appreciate it. The setting is a farm where the animals are mistreated, so they revolt against their human owners and take control of the farm. In the initial joy of apparent liberation, the animals work together in a communal effort and manage to harvest more grain than ever before. The pigs emerge as the leaders, directing everyone else but apparently under the guise of ""All animals are equal."" They pledge to never deal with the dangerous and untrustworthy humans again, except in a manner that benefits all animals on the farm. No longer will animals be slaughtered for human food or gain and they will continue to share the produce, ""To each according to his needs."" The first crack in this occurs when the udders of the dairy cows are full and they need to be milked. Since their calves have been sold, the pigs manage to milk them and the milk just sits there. The pigs assure the others that they will do something with it, and later it becomes clear that they have consumed it. Boxer is the strong work horse who now works even harder. It does not take long before the pigs take total control of the farm, stomping all opposition, gently at first but it is not long before it becomes brutal and unyielding. At the end, Boxer works himself to death and he is sold off to be made into dog food and glue. The book is a satire on the Bolshevik revolution in Russia, where Lenin and his gang of revolutionaries overthrew the Tsarist regime. After that, they murdered Tsar Nicholas and all his family and then established a dictator ship far more brutal than that of the Tsar. If you are not aware of this, then the book will make very little sense to you. I have read this book at least five times in my life and it is a pleasure each time. This is a masterpiece that should be read by everyone, however, not without some assistance so that they know the target of the satire."
"I have read and re-read Animal Farm since studying ithighschool, and yes it is a heart breaking allegory about the failureof organised idealogy, its also a gripping simply and sharply written story that can engage people on every level of the intellectual food chain. Many readers will start off by pinning the signs on the donkey's backside so to speak i.e. Moses the crow who tells the overworked animals that their afterlives will be bliss represents the church. Benjamin the wise, but silent donkey is the silent intellectuals who could see what was going, but did nothing to save their own skin and so on. It still shocks me how accurate Orwell is, I can recognise a Squealer (the government publiscist talking in fanciful meaningless figures), a Napeloen and sadly too many Boxers in my own country. Strange that what Orwell wrote about the Russian revolution applies to almost any third world country today. The simplicity of the prose of Animal farm is by design, he wanted his book to be accessable to the masses, afterall this is the man who changed his name from Eric Blair to Goerge Orwell just to appeal to the ""average Joe"". I don't think he would have wanted this book to be discussed by intellectuals, he wanted it to reach you and me. Humanity has learned (in some parts of the world at least) that the only organised idealogy that works is the abscence of an organised idealogy. Utopia can never exist because 1- It can never be defined 2- It is against human nature not to strive to be better, superior, more powerful and richer then others. Unfortunate but true. The character of Snowball is in my opinion the most important of the book. He is full of good intent, he wants to start classes for the other animals to elevate their understanding of the world. He is also a careless and unrealistic character. What Orwell is saying here is that intent without action is useless. A person who cares about injustice and can't do anything about it is no better than a person who doesn't give it a moment's thought. Animal Farm is Orwell's masterwork, it is clairovoyant, the Soviet Union has indeed fallen. I believe the events of 1984 are only a few you years away, the government can already take pictures of your roof top. If you for some odd reason are among the few who haven't read Animal Farm, you must rectify that situation. It will make the inexplicable around you crystal clear."
"In 1946 when Animal Farm was first published it was obvious to is readers that former Eton boy Eric Blair, or George Orwell had written a pretty savage critique of the Bolshevik revolution in Russia.  But more than a decade after the final collapse of the Soviet Union, is this story still relevant?  Well if it was just confined to the events of the Russian revolution, then perhaps this work could fade in to the fog of obscurity with it's purpose completed, but ""Animal Farm"" is about so much more, that as long as people walk on their hind legs and live together in any type of society, it's content will be of the gravest importance.Beginning with the dream of Old Major that there will come a day when animals will throw off the yoke of their oppressors and share the fruits of their labours fairly among themselves, Animal Farm follows that dream to its eventual reality, it's betrayal and it's ultimate corruption in to something darker, more cynical and even farther from Old Major's noble dream than what had been before.Although Animal Farm has implications for all past and future revolutions its meaning goes much deeper than just a blue print for what can go wrong.  This novel challenges us to look around us and to see the ongoing exploitation of our neighbours, our brother man and perhaps even ourselves, to recognise the truly bewildering amount spin and slant presented to us as pure facts for what it is and to ""cast a cold eye"" on the society we live in and the way it treats its citizens.In his excellent teachers notes on the novel Jerome Burg stated,  ""The essential question raised by Animal Farm is NOT ""Could it happen again?"" The essential question is ""Do I realize that it IS happening everyday all around me?"" and ""What are MY responsibilities to do something about it?""  I couldn't have put it any better myself."
ABRIDGED!!!!!!  And therefore rotten.Dont waste your money on this version.  The actual book is great.  Get one that is unabridged.
"Animal Farm, written by George Orwell, is a brilliant metaphorical work that conveys a message of the ruling classes versus the working classes.  This ""Fairy Story"" of animals rising against their oppressive leader is symbolic of the communist movements in Europe and Russia and reflects the characteristics of a society ruled by a dictatorship.  The book demonstrates how power can gradually corrupt an individual and lead to a system which may or may not be favorable to the masses.  Animal Farm is a story that takes place on a farm in England. It begins with the boar, Old Major, at a meeting which includes all the animals on the farm, telling them of a dream he had about an animal rebellion against their care giver, Mr. Jones.  Upon contemplation, the animals decide to rebel.  Through key characters such as Snowball, Napoleon, and Boxer, Orwell intertwines their important characteristics and delivers an important message about the effects of a Totalitarian ruled society, its consequences, and the fate of this type of society.  Orwell depicts many relevant scenes that contain betrayal, heroism, cowardice, loyalty, and friendship, which are all important in reflecting the nuances and characteristics attributed to a totalitarian-ruled society.  Animal Farm, in my opinion, is a truly wonderful book.  It deals with many complicated issues, but through the easy writing of Orwell, the reader can understand the issues of communism, capitalism, and the many aspects of a totalitarian dictatorship.  The symbolism of each character in the story is clear.  The reader sees, for example, that Napoleon represents Stalin, that Snowball represents Trotsky, and that Boxer represents the proletariat.  The book blends humor with tragedy.  Animal Farm deals with issues of inequality versus equality and the importance of education in determining whether or not one is being unfairly treated.  Naivete can be a dangerous characteristic, and Orwell conveys this idea in his story.  I strongly recommend this book.  It is an easy read compared to other books which try to explain and discuss the same subject matter.  With Animal Farm, one can grasp the concepts of Totalitarianism, due to the brilliant writing style of Orwell."
"Taking a Russian history class and learning in detail about Joseph Stalin's rule would help one understand Animal Farm much better, as well as the characters.  George Orwell's hatred of totalitarianism, especially that of the Stalinist USSR, formed the basis for this short satirical fiction.A band of oppressed farm animals oust Jones, their cruel human owner and take over the farm.  Led by two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball, the animals proceed to run the farm by themselves so they are no longer exploited.Napoleon is clearly Stalin, while Snowball is based on Leon Trotsky, and the Old Major is Lenin.  Squealer may be Molotov or Kaganovich, but I'm not sure.  The first attack on the Farm by Jones and his men is based on the Russian Civil War (1918-1921), where disorganized factions of anti-communists attacked the Soviet Union from all sides, and lost.  However, things don't always go in parallel, as the Old Major dies before the Revolution.  Lenin of course precipitated the Revolution in 1917.  And note the date of the liberation of Manor Farm:  12 October.  That is close to 24 October, the date of the Bolshevik Revolution.Other items:  Boxer the horse is the epitome of the hard worker whose two sayings are ""Napoleon is always right"" and ""I will work harder.""  In fact he may be Stakhanov, the worker whose team so efficiently met their quota in one of Stalin's 5-Year Plans, that the word Stakhanovite became synonymous with an A-One Soviet worker.  And the inability of most animals to read only the first two letters of the alphabet hint at their being lowly, illiterate subjects blindly obedient to the State.The Seven Commandments--ironic for a Biblical reference in an atheist system-- plays an important key to the book, as they keep changing during Napoleon's reign.  They are:  ""Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy, 2)  Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend, 3)  No animal shall wear clothes, 4)  No animal shall sleep in a bed, 5)  No animal shall drink alcohol, 6)  No animal shall kill any other animal, and 7) All animals are equal.""  However, as Napoleon consolidates his rule, the Commandments become slightly altered.  For example, after the animal executions, analogous to Stalin's purges, the sixth Commandment has the words ""without cause"" appended.  And talk about irony in using the name of Napoleon for the Stalin character when in fact Napoleon invaded Russia, the result of which increased distrust of the West by Russians.Orwell's portrait of the totalitarian state would be finalized in his masterpiece 1984.  Animal Farm was a preview for that grand work, but the final thing that comes through in this book is that the Stalinist regime was just as oppressive as the czarist regime, with the ordinary animals on the receiving end-i.e. ""but some animals are more equal than others."""
"It is so easy to read a book like ANIMAL FARM, say to yourself that it is entertaining enough not to hurt when you have to write your high school book report on it, and then get rid of it and go on with life as you grow into adulthood. But this book is entertaining the way Aesop's fables are entertaining; the life lessons of it keep returning like Springtime after long, cold winters.Orwell wrote this after discovering many of the intrinsic horrors of Communism in the Soviet Union and elsewhere before and after World War II. The political hypocrises and subsequent crimes inherent in the movement were made all the more genocidally infectious to innocent people around the world in the way they always are in political movements: by the leaders' demands of people to look at the culturally genocidal infections of the ""other"" (in this case laissez faire capitalism and its resultant colonialist/imperialist criminalities in the West), instead of allowing the independent questioning of the relevance and righteousness of what they were dealing with. The Frankenstein impulse of Man's ego as it governs the creation of utopianesque political systems and quasi-cultures has been alluded to many times before and after this novel (even before Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN), but for me never so succinctly, so beautifully, and so painfully accurate as ANIMAL FARM.I just bought this novel for my son, age twelve. I bought it for him not just knowing that he loves animals and stories about animals (a way Dads like me sneak good literature in their system). As he approaches the (help me Lord) teen years where the peer group becomes everything, he will need to know that he can be caught in the same dynamic that the innocent and naive animals underneath the leadership of the pigs were caught up in. (Hearing me lecture about it would naturally have the opposite effect.) Hearing a confused but charismatic kid begin to sound a lot like Squealer in a new and unexpected context for him just might save his power of independent thought when peer pressure comes into play.If I could, I would buy this book for half the world, and let them give their dog-eared copy to the other half; there is no one whose life isn't touched by the intoxicating rhythm of power in groups, and its ability to lead people into total bondage of some sort while it promises to protect your freedom. For example: any and every woman I've ever known who felt the need to regurgitate feminist manifestos at their future ex boyfriends and husbands in order to protect the integrity of an illusory sisterhood--a sisterhood often run by women who would (and often are) sleeping with the very men these confused but loyal women have alienated in their name, needs to read this. Nancy Friday's MY MOTHER, MY SELF and Daphne Patai's HETEROPHOBIA are ANIMAL FARMs for the independent American Woman, struggling to truly know herself beyond the confines of patriarchy, its postmodern discontents, and any culture set up to combat it. For anyone starting the next round of self-improvement courses lauded by the newest pop-psychology guru that have this funny way of feeling like they are not actually leading you anywhere, the work of Stanford Peele, heretic of the twelve step program community, has written several ANIMAL FARMs on this self-help/addiction philosophy, serving them as well as all of us in innumerable ways. For those devoted to a pretty cerebral psychoanalytic perspective on life, or an often emotionally/socially detached Church or creed, psychologist/author Alice Miller's work are in different ways ANIMAL FARMs of their own: they are for the psychologically/transformation-minded who alternately pay too much surface and too liitle in-depth attention to childhood's true effect on the adult human heart...Steele's THE CONTENT OF OUR CHARACTER and Tony Brown's WHITE LIES, BLACK LIES are both ANIMAL FARMs for the Black Community--a community that may only truly take control of its (our) own destiny if we start looking for spiritual/economic *colonics*, instead of socio-political streetsweepers...The metaphors are endless, and endlessly fitting. ANIMAL FARM's power is that it is so deceptively powerful in its simplicity as to make the point only writers of powerful insight, intellect and above board courage can do, regarding what happens to men and women in groups when power becomes intoxicating. And today they need several hundred more pages and a million footnotes to do it AT ALL, let alone as well as Orwell did. It resonates in ways that force you to think beyond the conventional in life (i.e., the pre-programmed), and begin a search to find out what reality really is, for YOU, not someone else.If Jesus came back and was asked to give a sermon for the people of every nation, he would instead tell the world a parabel that would essentially be this book."
"Many have hailed George Orwells' Animal Farm a classic, and rightly so; it is indeed aclassic work of literature, in both meaning & style.  However, while it wouldn't be false toattribute it as a story raving against the injustice of governmental oppression (i.e. totalitarian-ship), it would be very much incorrect to dub it ""anti-communist"", if not for the very fact that Orwell himself subscribed to very communistic beliefs.  The story itself is a surreal account of a group of farm animals uniting to overthrow their oppressor, the farmer Mr. Jones.  They initially hit upon the idea after a speech from an inspirational boar, Old Major, who represents communisms' primary theoretician, Karl Marx.  Old Major tells the group of animals one night of a dream he had where the group lived in an egalitarian society (that is, a society where everything is based on mutual respect for others), where the group lived in harmony, working for the good of the group, rather than Mr. Jones.  Soon after, Old Major dies and it seems the dream is just that. Two pigs suddenly call to the group to realize the dream and act upon it in order to achieve the potential of the idea, a self-sustained environment.  The pigs, Snowball & Napoleon, lead a revolt to overthrow Mr. Jones and his farm hands and establish their own democracy, to be headed by the revolutionary pigs.  Snowball & Napoleon have different opinions on how things should be however... It becomes evident early on that Snowball has the groups interests in mind (the animals manifesting the working class in the story) while Napoleon has only his.  It turns out that Napoleon is an expert manipulator/propagandist and once things begin to go wrong on the new self-sustained farm, he deviously directs the blame to his rival, Snowball.  Soon Snowball is in exile.  The farm animals blindly follow whoever can convince them of a way of looking at things; in short, they are dumb animals.  It seems in this instance that Orwell is satirizing humanitys' tendency to blindly follow incompetent leaders and failure to act for themselves.  Few of the animals ever question Napoleon and the ones who do are either slaughtered in front of the entire group...or are too afraid to speak out. Likewise, while in this country citizens are able to voice their distrust of the government with more freedom than those on the farm, many are ridiculed & labeled as disloyal dissenters, both of which echo life in Animal Farm.  Immediately after the Revolution, the farm collectively established several unanimous rules that they would all abide by.  Slowly, with Napoleon in charge, they are altered to conform with what Napoleon and his small group of loyal pigs desire; in short, they establish a dictatorship.  Whenever someone speaks up and questions a rule that they thought had previously been different, they would be assured that that was most definitely not the case and they were just imagining things.  Ultimately, that was accepted and Napoleon held his power.  Such are the conditions of the dictatorial establishment!  In the end, the pigs have altered the original constitution beyond recognition and the animals are brutally repressed.  The end is shocking & unreal & must be read in its entirety to be appreciated...but I will say that it turns out the animals had their enemy in their midst the entire time.  Basically, Animal Farm is a tale that is meant to parallel history, usually in its Stalinistic references.  Still, like in Orwells' most widely recognized novel 1984, it serves as a warning to humanity with its insight and underline message:  DON'T FOLLOW ANYONE BLINDLY.  Or, perhaps more true to Orwells' personal beliefs, ""make decisions with respect to others.""  After all, we're all in this together."
"I picked up this book with mild interest because it was recommened to me by my father. I told him how much I liked Lord of the Flies, especially the sybolism. He told me to read this book and he doesn't know how right he was. Animal Farm starts with an animal uprising on an England farm. The animals are led by the pigs into a short time of hard work and equality. They have a set of seven commandments (banning human behavior) and the sheep bleet, ""Two legs good, four legs bad!"" to symbolize their rebellion against humanity. But soon, the head pig, Napoleon, begins abusing his power. He has some of their commandments changed so that he can get away with whatever he wants. Some examples are when he allows the pigs to consume alcohol and when he allows the pigs to sleep on human beds. The final straw is that the pigs start walking on two legs and the sheep bleet ""Two legs good, four legs BETTER!"" and they begin acting like humans and even trade with other farmers. Eventually become so much like humans that the other animals cannot tell the difference.On the surface, this would be a very boring book. But it is much more than meets the eye. This is really a metaphor for government. Stalinistic Russia is usually cited, but it works for and dictatorship and many other types of government. The pigs represent the leaders of the govenment who abuse their power to get whatever they want and eventually betary their people for their own personal gain. The sheep represent the media that broadcast only what the leaders what the public to hear, spreading lies in favor of the pigs. And the animals of the farm are the public, believing it all."
"What is amazing as I read through this book was not so much how well it related  to the events of the past, but how perfectly it defines our current condition today. The ability of an elite vanguard/oligarchy to covertly impose it's will and subjugate an entire population utilizing atrocity, propaganda, and a rampant, unrelenting nationalism hand-in-hand-- under the false pretext that all such sacrifices truly are necessary to protect and serve the whole from further suffering, and that any who would oppose such a view should be considerd immoral, treasonous or much worse. In the edition I have, the introduction begins by explaining how Orwell turned out to be basically wrong in his assumption of how things would turn out, but I could not disagree more. The buffer between what is truly happening and what we are being told has never been greater, and too many of us are only too willing to blindly accept this under the justification that at least things are better now than they used to be, or could be-- or are they?Often times today I find myself reminded of the qualities of a population described in Adorno's ""Authoritarian Personality."" How so many could possibly allow and even be complicit in atrocities taking place both by and among them.In my mind this book could not have much more relevance than it does now.  I also never read this in school, but it provides much more insight and meaning now than it would have ever afforded me as a child.  The literary prose and profound symbolism found within so few pages is truly a reflection of a very talented and inspired author."
"Not many novellas - this one is just 100 pages - attain such well-deserved fame. Orwell used this as an early effort to combine political awareness with the art of writing. In many ways, and maybe not the ones he wanted, he succeeded.He wrote this in that scary time when WWII had just ended, and WWIII was starting to look likely. He never drew the animal parable in fine detail, but used it as a broad brush to pain what he saw of the Soviet Union arising as a world power. Pigs took control of the Animal Farm, and became more piggish at every step. Sheep emerged as a faceless flock, bleating slogans as if repetition meant more than understanding. Dogs, the farm's only carnivores, stood for the secret police and public goon squads. The strong, stolid horses came away with my sympathy, though. To my mind, the horse Boxer created the defining moment in the ideal's fall. He certainly wasn't the first to suffer a violation of the sixth commandment, ""No animal shall kill any other animal."" Quiet, strong Boxer was the first to 'disappear.' After a lifetime of service, he was quietly retired to the glue factory, and for a fair (if un-named) price. That covert, scheming callousness sank as low as the rulers ever went. Every perversion of trust after that one differed in kind, but not depth.These days, 'Animal Farm' is usually considered high school fare. It's brief, and a bit of a blunt instrument. It's still good as a reminder of its time, when the Red Menace was rising and solidifying its control over that bizarre regime, now long gone. Or so we hope.//wiredweird"
"""Animal Farm"" is a great favorite for many good reasons. It's language is clear and precise. It's story is well- told. The animals who are the chief characters are depicted with clarity, and act as humans would. In fact that is the point. The story of the animals is the story of the humans. And the story of the animal's takeover of the Jones Family Farm is the story of the People's take over of Russia, away from its Czarist lords.And the celebration of the new equality which lasts so briefly is the glorious dawn of the Russian Revolution 1917. And the two clever - pigs (Snowball- Trotsky?) and Napoleon (Stalin? ) soon take advantage of their new - made power to exploit the other animals .The pigs become the oppressors, the animals persecute other animals. The Revolution brings back oppression and persecution only now in a worse way, because it is done by one's fellow animals. The most moving part of this is what happens to the faithful hard- working animals, the workhorse whose loyalty and hard- work do not bring a new world or redemption.This work is a wonderful easy read with vivid one- dimensional characters . And the animal/ human parallelism plays in a beautiful way to underscore the less than human in the human, and perhaps the more than animal in the animals.""All animals are equal and some animals are more equal than others"" The statement of liberation becomes the statement of oppression. The would- be- revolutionaries become the new dictators .And Orwell at the end leaves us no way out , as if the human story is an animal farm with no exit."
"Though Animal Farm is known to symbolize the communist revolution in Russia, it still has much to teach any society about government control over the masses.  I had never read this book in high school, and shunned it after watching some of the movie, since the talking animals were a little too much for me to handle, but as I read this book now, a college student studying communications I see many things that still exist in our society.One thing that is most prevalent is the ability the pigs have to twist the ""media"" (mainly Squealer's speeches) to anything they want, while the rest of the animals are too ignorant to truly know what to believe.  They have no choice but to believe the pigs, since they have no other way of knowing, which must stir some thought in every reader since that is true for the media and government today.  There is no other way to know what is true other than what is given to us, and we have to put our trust and faith into our government.Luckily our government does not have ferocious dogs to back them up and kill anyone who goes against them.  Either way, this book provoked a lot of thought to me, not just of communism, but government in general.  It's a short read, only about 100 pages, but each page consists of a new idea to contemplate.I give it four stars only because I believe a little more depth could have been covered, and the talking animals still disturbed me a little, but overall I am glad I can finally say I have read this book.  Anyone who hasn't read this book, should read it.  It's still contemporary to today's world."
"I read this book about two weeks ago.  It took me a week to read it.  I am in 7th grade and 13 years old.  I have not learned one thing about the Russian Revolution, but it's not about that, so it doesnt matter.Animal  Farm is about freedom, not about a certain revolution.  It could have been  about the French revolution, or the american revolution!  It doesn't really  matter which revolution he based it on, the message remains the same.I  have read other reviews to this book and either call it a terrible book  about the Russian Revolution or a wonderful story about it.  But truly, I  never thought about that revolution at all when I was reading it.The  story is rather sad, especially the ending, but it was a rather appropriate  ending.  ""When they looked from pig to man and man to pig, they  realized they couldn't tell the difference between the two.""  Or  whatever.  That really affected me, and I hope it does you, too.If  there's something good that people (or animals) want to happen, and they  start it, there's always one person (or animal) that wants to manipulate  the others into thinking that what he/she/it is doing is good, even though  it's really bad.I loved this book, and I would gladly read it again.  I  don't know why the school's make you read it in high school, but I think  that they should make it earlier, because this book was wonderful.PS- I  haven't read 1984 by Orwell yet, and if you've read it and enjoyed it, or  not, then e-mail me.  I want to hear all about it!!!!"
"With thousands of reviews of Animal Farm in the press since 1945, Amazon with over 1,187 as of today, it's hard to find something extra to say.  With Soviet era Communism in his cross-hairs first, with particular disdain for Stalinism, and the danger of totalitarian regimes in general, George Orwell was and will remain one of the greatest political yarn spinners for generations to come.Concealing his hatred of Communism, not Socialism, with humor and perhaps the most poignant political moment in history, when we realize that Boxer is headed to the glue factory and not to the promised green pastures for his retirement, we understand the true nature and lethal danger of totalitarian politics left unchecked.Most who read Animal Farm will look quickly to the farms and the characters as representations of life in post-revolution communist Russia under Stalin.  Perhaps they will expand the political commentary to include more modern totalitarian regimes, as well they should.  But, Orwell's greatest contribution is not the recasting of Stalin's absolute abuse of his power, but the way in which the people, the masses, were lead down the absolute wrong path by the subtle manipulation of ideas.  Animal Farm is more than a denunciation of a political system it is a call to the literacy, political awareness, and participation one must have in any political system in order to avoid the inevitable corruption of power.  A must and continuous read."
"I recently read Animal Farm, having missed it my entire life, as a selection in my local book club. I breezed through it on a Sunday morning; the text, written as a parable, was, while perhaps not literary, easy, and can be enjoyed by adults as well as young adults, and perhaps, because of the story, should be required reading in our public schools.Orwell uses the animals on a farm in England to describe the workings of communism, with Stalin, Lenin and Trotsky all assuming roles, while Czar Nicholas II is depicted as the farmer, Jones, whom, at the outset, is overthrown by the rebellious animals.A fascinating read, Animal Farm is timeless and could've been written in Caesar's time, depicting his rule of ancient Rome, or about any despotic ruler throughout history. Indeed, that its focus is communism seems its only shortcoming, as its message is clear: absolute power corrupts absolutely. The current administration in Washington practices many of the same tactics depicted in Animal Farm - the same slight of hand speeches, the subtle removal of human rights and freedom as ""good for the populace,"" the outright lies and attempts to write history by withholding, or manipulating, the truth.I'm certain that Animal Farm accurately depicts rule under a communist regime, but the larger message is this: No government is benign, and no government should be trusted, including our own.Highly recommended."
"The story Animal Farm is something that every person in the entire world should read. This simple tale of a group of animals, neglected, abused, enslaved, and put down, rising up against their hateful masters with the hopes of creating an egalitarian society was meant as a commentary on the state of the Soviet Union. The depiction created of a Communist society from its conception to its death is one of tyranny, deceit, distrust, and rivalry that destroys the pure intentions of the original revolutionaries. Though the depth of the underlying political commentary may be lost on people with no interest in the operation of the economy or the government, Animal Farm is a very accessible story with easy to understand lessons in morality, fairness, and honesty.One note on the additional ""filler"" information added to this edition, it is both poorly written and uninteresting. While the life of George Orwell is interesting and something worth learning about, especially if you have aspirations towards being a socialist, the author of this section does such a poor job that reading tax codes in IRS publications is more interesting.In summary, buy this book, read it, lend it to someone else, read it again, lend it to more people, read it again, and dream of a world of egalitarian communism. Or you can just read the story, enjoy the struggles and triumphs of the heroic animals, despise the greedy pigs, and share the experience with someone else."
"This is a good and entertaining book. I loved it. Intelligent pigs, with the aid of other farm animals lead an insurrection that outsmarts, and takes over a farm from its cruel human owners.See what the pigs evolve into! A good look into the mindset and ways of communism, totalitarianism and socialism! Types of governments that America, is slowly being fooled into adopting by many of its politicians."
"George Orwell - best known for his seering criticisms of totalitarianism - does it again with Animal Farm. Here the reader will see the struggle between ideals and personal power play out in a quiet corner of the English countryside. After suffering under the cruel rule of man, an old boar named Major reveals a vision that came to him in the night - a dream where every animal is able to live in both comfort and dignity. This excites the animals so greatly that soon they oust man from the farm and set up their own utopia.Orwell, of course, wrote Animal Farm as an indictment of Communist Russia. Like 1984, the observant reader will notice that allusions, references and parallels between Animal Farm and the totalitarian Russia abound. Many of the characters symbolize historical characters like Stalin, Trotsky and Lenin.It's kind of strange, looking back to the time at which this was written. Stalin was a great ally of America against the Nazis, and most people didn't want to upset that with 'philosophical' differences. There was also the a section of America infatuated with the 'Great Experiment' of Russia, such as that of Upton Sinclair and his character who toils under the 'evils' of capitalism, stating only that 'I will work harder.' Orwell felt it only fair, I think, that communism be shown as it was without romantic ideal. Animal Farm is a tale for all ages. Check it out."
"""Animal Farm,"" by George Orwell, is an eccentric piece about beaten and weary farm animals who take over their drunken owner's farm.  After the control of the farm is in the hooves and paws of the animals,  they establish certain rules and rights.  Throughout the book, the pigs,  who are the leaders gain more and more human-like qualities.  They go  against all their first set rules about no human objects or habits.  Towards the end of the story things start going oddly wrong and the pigs'  communist cooperative turns into a dictatorship.  Things then become weird  and confusing for the other animals. George Orwell's depiction of  the setting and plot of the story is brought out by the carefully placed  imagery.  This impressive imagery displays the theme of how life has a  certain order and trying to change this will only bring it right back  around the circle again.  The imagery of the piece conveys how Orwell made  the animals seem less animal-like and more like humans.  ""A pig  walking on it's hind legs,"" the piece states, displaying the human  characteristics the pigs were obtaining.  The symbolism is not so obvious,  but yet simple enough for the reader to catch the idea.  The imagery lets  the reader knows something is going on (Russian Revolution) but that  knowledge of what, wasn't key to understanding the book, for the theme is  very universal."
"This review is of the 2008 Audiobook by Blackstone read by Ralph Cosham. I will first review this edition of the book. In my mind it is flawless. Ralph Cosham is a wonderful actor and brings a fantastic stroke of drama to the work. It is first rate performance free from annoying characters or vocal idiosyncrasies. Additionally, his British accent will likely prove to be soothing to many American listeners.As for the work itself, it is nothing short of brilliant satire. This delightful read is excellent for modern, western minds to read to remind us of the many dangers of a government with few checks and balances. There are many witty ironies in this book but to me, one of the most profund is the use of animals to portray human nature. Orwell seems to have a dim view of humanity and seems to highlight the reality that humans tend to naturally be self-seeking and easily corruptible. Though this stands in stark contrast to the ideals of the Enlightenment, the WWII context for this book revealed that humans are capable yes of amazing achievements yes, but equally capable of horrific atrocities. An additional high point for this reader is the display of the power of strong rhetoric, even if it is in the form of propaganda. This book should be read by every American and I would imagine would serve to protect and preserve the ideals of a free-market democracy."
"It was my first time reading Animal Farm. My class just finished reading the novel just a couple weeks ago. The book itself was a perfect representation of almost any type of government, I thought. I was surprised by how many symbols my teacher brought to my eyes like Boxer performing such laborious tasks with out question like loyal pawns, security dogs acting as a sort of military strength, and the pigs being in the place of tyrants which isn't ironic.Although the book was indeed depressing, and sad, but is was also most interesting. I do admit falling asleep through the book as class carried on, but the book is very detailed, fast paced, full of imagination, and doesn't possess an ounce of vagueness throughout the book.Through the repressed privileges and lies the pigs almost fit the description of humans, which makes perfect sense on why the pigs were perceived as tyrants.This book works perfectly to anyone who is interested in the rise of communism in Russia, in which the book revolves around. It also occurred to me that this book also has a moral or lesson to the reader because it made me think it's utterly impossible to give less and expect more."
"I first read this when the Communists were firmly in charge of Russia and their self-serving pronouncements on most subjects dripped with the bombast and hypocrisy that Orwell so deftly illustrated with Animal Farm.  Chillingly, what happens in this little novel also transpired in Communist Russia.  The ruling pigs stand in for real-life Russian leaders.I have always admired Orwell as a man who told the truth, no matter how distasteful.  He was a socialist who would have been pleased to see Russia thrive, but their appalling tactics required him to change his rhetorical gears.  Orwell was a master of the written word- his pen was ultimately far more significant than Stalin's sword.  I do think this little book will survive for a long time; it carries warnings that even democracies should heed.  The next time I hear Dick Cheney imply that a vote for a Democrat is giving support for al-Queda I'll think of Squealer the ""brainworker"" pig who justifies his pleasures : ""Do you know what would happen if we pigs failed in our duty?  Jones (the hated former owner) would come back!...Surely there is no one among you who wants to see Jones come back?"""
"This allegory for mankind's thirst for power and domination is delivered with passion and emotion. I thought that the narrator did a great job at reading this classic novel by George Orwell. If you don't have time to sit and read this book, then in one afternoon you can revisit the book on audiobook. Recommended!"
"A little insight in to Orwell's frame of mind and his experiences which formed it: He was born into a middle class family - sent to boarding school where he won a scholarship to Eton. His results at Eton weren't very remarkable - hence he didn't persue University, instead headed off to Burma for 5yrs working with the Imperial Indian Police. During his time there he became very cynical about the empire, and the role required of it's expats in keeping the flag flying - particularly the attitude of the Brits to the natives.On his return he wrote a number of pieces which had the empire under direct attack. He began to embrace the ideals of socialism - as a result he was sent on assignment to report on the life of the miners living up north in Wigan: their horrendous working conditions and similarly poor housing.Orwell was also known to go off ""tramping"" for a few days at a time in London and in Paris, where he would rough it with the ""bums"". His experiences moved him such that when the Spanish Civil war broke out he had no hesitation in volunteering to go off and fight with the socialists against the Fascist Franco.The war in Spain was not as clear cut as he had originally believed - rather than the socialists/communists fighting under one flag against Franco and his supporters Hitler and Mussolini - instead the socialists were split into various factions and as such were often fighting amongst themselves. Indeed, the group that Orwell had originally joined - POUM (the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification) - became the subject of scorn and derision after Stalinist Russia had condemned them as being Fascists. This rumour intensified to the point that they became targets of the guns of the other socialist movements, causing them to seal themselves up in their building. Finally, Orwell, his wife, and others decided to flee Spain as things were getting too hot - they were under surveillence etc. They managed to escape Spain, with it seems only hours to spare as papers were being drawn for their arrests for treachery against the socialist movement.It would appear that it was his experiences in Spain and in particular the actions of Stalinist Russia that form the backbone to the book Animal Farm. The Russian Revolution, in it's initial form, was respected by Orwell - however once Communism, and in particular Stalinism came to the fore then the cause was lost. As Orwell states - the best thing the revolutionaries can do is get rid of their leaders once the rebellion is complete - otherwise the leaders get power hungry, become self serving and before you know it the conditions are similar to the pre-revolution days. In Orwells eyes Stalin was as Fascist as Hitler, Mussolini and Franco. So with the above in mind, without further ado, ""Animal Farm"". Excellent."
"What defines a good book?  How about fluid writing style, a gripping plot, great social commentary, great action, superb dialogue, interesting and dynamic characters, a well presented environment?  Well, most books, even my favorites, don't encompass all these qualities.  I've finally found a book that does.Knowing nothing about this book, I wanted to start this small classic and finish up in a few days.  Less than two hours later I wrapped this book up with my mouth wide open.  I could not believe how good a book could be.Basically this book captures the flaws of communism and capitalism in a fantastic fairy tale about one farm rebellion and it's aftermath.  It works as a great story, it works as a mirror to modern society, and it works as representation of the Soviet Union.  Pardon the clich, but it works on all levels.Basically, read this book."
"This masterful book is similar to the greatest show in TV history, ""The Simpsons.""  It makes fun of anything and everything, continues to be relevant, and can be enjoyed by various ages and types of people.  Younger kids can read ""Animal Farm"" and see how power can be misused and the basic unfairness of life.  Those who know about history can read the book and see the parallels to the Russian Revolution.  Those reading the newspaper in 2004 can see a ruling class who SAY they care about the average worker, but who do nothing for them.  Their slogan for all might read ""All Americans are equal but some are more equal than others.""  Orwell's brilliance never fails to amaze me, which is why I don't ever forsee a time when this book is not completely relevant.  And if that's not the definition of a CLASSIC, I don't know what is!!"
"I don't know how long ago it was that I heard of Animal Farm. I'm not even sure when it was that I read it, but I know that it must have been many years ago, when I was still in middle school.I checked out the illustrated version from the local library, and was dazzled not only by the text but by the illustrations as well. This text has been well reviewed, and Orwell's work is certainly a classic. Some may say that it's better to read the book without the illustrations, letting the imagination run free, but I remember being so powerfully moved by this illustrated copy. Just as much as the text, the illustrations are glorious.If you are purchasing a copy of this book for school or a quick read, you might want to skip on this version. However, if you wish to have a copy to keep in your personal library, this is surely the one."
"Animal Farm is a book that I actually decided to read (gasp) for fun. Anyway, I thought this was a great book and it can be read by just about anyone (children 10 and up), but it takes some knowledge of the Russian Revolution to get the whole meaning of this book. This book is basically about a farm that is taken over by animals. At first, things go great until Napoleon (Stalin) siezes absolute power and expels Snowball (Trotsky) from Animal Farm. Napoleon proves to be a tyrant and he takes advantage of the rest of the animals (general public) because they are gullible and are basically Napoleon's puppets throughout the whole book. My favorite characters are Moses, (The Church) and Squealer, who is the pig that spreads the propoganda around the farm. This is a very good book and EVERYONE should read it once in their life."
"I would recommend this book for anyone that wants to wake up to what is going on now in the U.S.!!  The book is very easy to read, repetitious, and somewhat boring, BUT, the meaning is there when you look for it."
"I loved the book Animal Farm, and I bet you will too when you get around to reading it. At first I was hesitant to start reading this book when I heard that it was about politics from a teacher. Classics + politics didn't spark interest in me. And yet when I began reading Animal Farm, I was hooked from the first page. Usually, you can tell how good a book is by what page you really get into the book. For me, Animal Farm grabbed me from pratically sentence one. Mr. Orwell has created a fantastic classic with lots of wit, drama, and meaning. Despite its lack of pages, Mr. Orwell sums up the main message in a way that will never be forgotten. This book left off at a question, and the reader has to decide the ending. Only the best books can leave you thinking, and Animal Farm is one of those rare books."
"Animal Farm is a well written and interesting political satire. Orwell has fullfilled his job to illustrate the developement of dictatorship by giving animals the characters of humans. The novel isn't just a story of some animals living on a farm, their characters refer to real existing humans who lived under the Soviet Communism. The allegory may give away information about the further process and the developement may be obvious sometimes, but the thoughts and feelings of the animals prevent the novel from getting boring. Furthermore there are still some unexpected incidents, i.e. Boxer's death. All in all, Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is a proclamation against dictatorship and a proclamation for liberty. I think that's very topical considering that the book was published in 1945."
"Animal Farm is a novella which will instantly and perpetually go down in history as one of the classics of fiction, allegory, and satire. Written at a time when Josef Stalin ruled effectively half the world with an iron fist, this book was written by the socialist George Orwell as a picket sign to criticize the Soviet Union for its human rights abuses and its crimes. It is evident that the characters in the book are modeled on those from the Soviet Union and Orwell makes his point masterly. Never have I seen such a book that can take a farm (something that is completely irrelevant to politics) and compare it to a communist dictatorship; but somehow, somehow, Orwell, with all his genius, managed to do just that. A rebel government promises to give its people (or in this case, animals) freedom, and then they are corrupted by the reigns of power. This book has many lessons to learn, almost as many as history itself has to offer.Orwell's socialist views do not correspond with my social conservative politics, but when I see a book that accomplishes its intended goal with such ease, I must commend it and its creator. If only Orwell had lived long enough to possibly create a sequel."
"I HIGHLY recommend this book to absolutely everybody.  I've read Orwell's Animal Farm thrice, and I enjoyed it more and more every time.  There is just SO much to get out of this book.  The third time I read Animal Farm, it was for sophomore World English, and our test was made of completely random quotes from the book.  We had to explain the significance of the quote as it reflects the Russian Revolution.  There is so much depth to this book!  The first time I read it, I saw the superficial level- story about animals, good, bad, ugly.  It was great.  Then, as I read it twice and then a third time, I got more out of it than I ever imagined.  This is the 2nd best book that came from the 1940's (behind Aldous Huxley's Brave New World)."
"If you know zilch about the history of the late, unlamented USSR, skip this book, you're not going to get it.  The more you know, the more you're bound to admire one of the 20th century's great satires---maybe its greatest.  Capitalism, Communism, Lenin, the October Revolution, the Interventions, Stalin, Trotsky, Beria, the KGB, Hitler and the Fascist invasion---all these and more are in there.  Orwell savagely attacks the Communist system as it turned out in fact in the USSR, not as it was originally envisioned.  Along the way, the various foibles of human nature and fatal tendencies of ruling classes everywhere are held up to his pitiless examination.  I will not give a runthrough of the story, but the idea is that animals, representing the working class, overthrow people, representing capitalists, and establish a workers' state---called Animal Farm.  Overall, Orwell leads to the question: haven't we gone beyond our abilities to control technology and scientific knowledge ?  Our political skills have not kept pace.Since Orwell completed his novel in 1945, the last section of the book, about what would happen to the Soviet Union under Communist plutocrats, was necessarily speculation for him (not for us).  In some ways, ANIMAL FARM turned out to be uncannily correct, but in others, pass, because we know what happened thanks to our 57 years' hindsight.  Orwell did not predict the rise of the satellite states in Eastern Europe and elsewhere, nor did he see that the building of heavy industry would be co-opted by the armaments race, bankrupting Animal Farm and ultimately bringing it down without a war.  But the pigs eventually did turn into humans (i.e. workers became capitalists).  Because Communism has crumbled, especially in the former USSR, people may feel ANIMAL FARM is no longer relevant.  That would be wrong. We can't justly distribute resources or maintain the planet's environment.  Think of the billions of impoverished people, massive pollution, the unending ecological destruction and the menace of genetically engineered everything.  Now, more than ever, it seems that our world is an Animal Farm.  When we protest, it is made perfectly clear to us---all animals are equal, but some are more equal than others. The Pigs, Dogs, and Sheep are always with us.  If you don't understand what I'm talking about, read this book."
"I have been reading all the classics we were suppose to read when we were in high school. This one is the best I have read so far. And no I did not start in alphabeticaly order. A very true tale of what happens when those who aren't used to power get power. We all know people that are good guys, get power, have a total brain melt down and start acting like they are way better then the rest of us. This book would be great for any age. The talking animals will keep any kid riveted long enough for the point to get through, it works well on adults too. Finally a classic that I can read more then one chapter at a time without falling asleep and waking up an hour later in a complete daze. This is diffently a one sitting read."
"Animal Farm is one of my favourite books. It's a political fable about the betrayal of idealism and its subsequent collapse: The animals of Manor Farm decide to rid themselves of their cruel human master. Once they succeed in  this task they start living in a regime the call Animalism (in fact it's  communism). Unfortunately after a while the pigs, which are the most clever  animals among them, start to take control and exploit the other animals  which find themselves hopelessly ensnared in the old ways. The pigs manage  to cheat them and re-create an litarian regime, even if they pretend to be  acting for a good cause! I think the last 4 pages are the most beautiful  ones... read them attentively!"
"For my reading class I chose to read Animal Farm. The book is about a group of farm animals who take over Farm and over throw Jones the trayant  farmer. Led by the pigs, the animals shun humanity and begin their own way  of life. However, in time the pigs begin to obtain a power trip. They seem  to establish a true dictatorship and as time goes on they become more like  the race that they so despise.George Orwell sends a very clear message in  this book. The message is that power brings out the pigs in us. This book  is very true for almost any society today. Animal Farm is a very enjoyable,  easy read. If you are looking for a book with a Deep meaning than Animal  Farm is for you."
"This book is most definitely the best book for the child starting to read the classics (me).  What I liked about the book most is that you get to choose how deeply you want to read into the plot. For the inexperienced reader, it could be a light-hearted story about the betrayal of a comrdade, to the experienced person, it can represent a powerful story of the democracy turned totalitarisim by a greedy leader.  This book is great becaue it wasn't just a ultra-deep book, the personification of the animals provided a little ""break"" from the intensity of this novel.  Without it, the story would be too powerful, and would be disliked.  Good work by Orwell"
"This book has been lying around my house since I was born. Never was I interested enough to pick it up and read it, however short it may be. However, this year in my English class, we're required to read 2 books from a pre-approved college reading material list and I decided that Animal Farm would be a good one as it is short and available to me.What a shock was I in for! This book was just amazing. I didn't lose interest for a second and it just pulled at my emotions. Now I'm going back and reading, on a site, about how it related to the political issues of the time. I definitely recommend reading Animal Farm."
"Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is a fairly short, easily read, very well-written, engrossing, historically relevant book that everyone should read.  Essentially, if you can read at all, this book is readable at some level.  Except for a a few minor typographical errors in the Kindle version, I can't come up with any negatives.  One other interesting tidbit is that even though the writing styles in this book and in Orwell's1984are worlds apart, you can still hear the echoes of one in the other while reading them.  I rate the book at an Excellent 5 stars out of 5 and highly recommend it."
"This was a required reading book in 7th grade. Everyone groaned about it but I enjoyed it. The book was made less enjoyable beacuse we had to diessect every characters emotion and there every move.It's just such a great idea to take such a seroius issue and act it out with farm animals. The pig Snowball, is evil, like Stalin. It is a great satire. we watched the movie in class after reading the book. It was terrible. Animal ends bleakly and is very sad. The movie stars a dog of very little importance in the book. The movie ended reasonably happily as well. The deep meanings are completely lost in it.The book is a profound read. You may need to know who the animal characters represent according to their real life counter parts.Full of treachorous plotting, back stabbing, and intruige it was a memorable book if not quite a bit depressing."
"Orwell's novel is an absolutly brilliant satire.  It is filled throughout with events which correspond directly to events of the Russian revolution.  Orwell, himself a socialist, reveals the failure of this Soviet attempt at  Communism in a fairy story of farm animals who overthrow their oppressive  master for the purpose of creating a perfectly equal and self-governed  society.  A great book to read, especially if you are familiar with the  Russian revolution, but anyone capable of comprehending the satire would be  well advised to read and enjoy it."
"This was a very well writen book.  The representations were very well put together, and I was surprised that it could be pulled off.  But it was.  Sometimes, I've found that books written entirely in metaphor tend to be strange if you don't understand the context completely, but this was a good represntation, and comprehensible even if you didn't understand it on the level it was written in.  It took some understanding of the material presented here to be able to find it humorous, though.  I would not recommend this to people who find politics boring"
"Most people have completely missed the point of this book.  Animal Farm has nothing to do with communism.  Animal Farm is about the age-old question:  What would the world be like if animals could talk?  It's pretty straight-forward.The only problem that I have with this book is that there aren't enough animals involved.  Animal Farm limits itself by only including farm animals.  I'd like to hear what wolves, bears, camels, and elephants have to say.Hopefully Orwell will write a sequel to Animal Farm and include more animals."
"I can hardly improve on the other reviews posted here, but I wanted to add an important note: this wonderful classic is one of the few books out there that can be appreciated by adults and children alike.  My ten-year-old and my nine-year-old both devoured this book.  Then I had the pleasure of explaining the allegory to them, and they loved it even more!  An absolute classic you'll read more than once."
George Orwell's classic _Animal Farm_ is truly a mustread. Anyone interested in politics could learn a lot from this story.Animals take over and control the (Manor)farm.  Rules are made. Work is done by the animals to earn their feed.  But can all the animals pull through?  This book says that the power elite of our country are pigs.  This book will be well worth your time...so get a copy today! -JC
"This is a great short read, that obviously is no longer required reading in a lot of schools. I remember reading this in about middle school or ninth grade, and enjoyed re-reading again now many years later. Please do your self a favor and read this book if you have not beforehand. If you have kids that are appropriate aged and have not read it in school, please encourage them to read it as well."
"Animal Farm is an amazing tale about a revolution betrayed.  After a profound speech by Old Major, Animalism becomes desireable to the inhabitants of Manor Farm.  Once Mr. Jones is thrown out, the tragic history of a revolution betrayed is personified through the lives of animals.  Animal Farm is a classic critique of a Stalinist Soviet Union that grew greedy and corrupt."
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
"<b>What a Mind Blowing book</b>I am not sure why i delayed reading this , I had the ebook version with me for more that a year now and had not picked it up.But the moment i picked it i loved every piece of it.The manor Farm owned and Run by Mr Jones. One day Major (a pig) has a dream and create a rebellion among the animals to run the farm on their own.A small rebellion happens and the farm is captured by the animals led by Snowball and Napoleon(Clever Pigs ). The farm is run by the animals and they are happy with it , until one day , Napoleon throws Snowball out and establishes pigs Dominance.From that day onward the Pigs start growing in power and in the end, The Pigs become man and Animals are back to the state they were under Mr Jones.The Book depicts how the people are mobilized by a true cause. The lure of power and wealth changes the nature of the people and the true cause is forgotten. In the the Book the farm was called THE MANOR FARM , it was changed to THE ANIMAL FARM and the by the time book ended it was again THE MANOR FARM.The people in power change the rules as they want and the Common people are made to believe that is better for them. Again from the book , the way the commandments are changed from . ""NO ANIMAL SHALL DRINK Alcohol "" to ""NO ANIMAL SHALL DRINK Alcohol IN ACCESS"" confirms the fact.The books has lots of references to such things .A true masterpiece i just about 120 pages. every page has something to show and teach.It can be called a perfect SATIRE to the current political system where the Media is used by the political parties to portray a rosy picture and hide the truth. To create a false sense of stability and oneness.Complete 5/5 for the book ."
"I, as with many others, first read this back in late middle school... or was it early high school?  I no longer know, but I remembered the mantra, ""Four legs good, two legs bad.""  I remembered the change to, ""two legs better.""  I remembered the pit in my stomach when Boxer was betrayed, I remembered the frustration with the slowly changing 7 Commandments, and, above all, I recalled having some notion that Communism was bad.  Or was it Socialism?  Or was it just Russians?  It baffles me that we are given this book to read as a lesson in satire when, at least in my educational experience, we have little to no understanding of the real-world events that are being satirized.  So having recently finished Robert K Massie's brilliant Nicholas and Alexandra and the (less stellar) follow-up The Romanovs, I just had to revisit Orwell's satire armed not only with newfound knowledge but also a personal desire to figure out just what in the world it was that I read as a kid.Whenever possible I try to buy the Everyman's Library version of whatever I'm reading.  For some reason this book was a little difficult to find, but I'm very glad I hunted it down (Thank you, BookDepository) as I always find the introductions to these volumes to be incredibly insightful.  It was certainly the case with this edition if only to see the idea that, ""when you meet anyone in the flesh you realize immediately that he is a human being not a sort of caricature embodying certain ideas,"" pop up again.  That notion has continually shown up in my reading lately, and I love it!  That personal note aside, I certainly don't recall being taught very much about the historical context in which this book was written and eventually published.  These were English classes after all, not History!  So while I was excited to approach this with my own new understanding of the source events, Symons's introduction combined with the inclusion of two versions of Orwell's own prefaces at the end were beyond valuable for grasping the real meaning of the story and its place in history.It turns out that what I remembered was completely off base.  Not only did Orwell respect the Russians, not only was this not a book about Communism at all, but Orwell was actually advocating for Socialism, and there's one of those things I certainly don't remember being taught!  While there was definitely no trace of the empathy I felt for Nicholas II for old Mr. Jones, it was not the person of Mr. Jones who was the enemy here.  Totalitarianism was the antagonist and Socialism the protagonist.  Orwells trouble in finding a publisher and his distaste for the masses following the status quo make also clearly mark him (and his work) as proponents of free speech and free thought.  The enemy, Orwell says in his original preface, is the gramophone mind, whether or not one agrees with the record that is being played at the moment.  He was disgusted by Britains willingness to turn a blind eye to the evils being perpetrated by Stalins regime and, once the war was over, by the demonization of even the idea of Socialism by western Democracies based primarily on Stalins appropriation of the power of the proletariat into his own hands after the Revolution.As enamored as I was with the authors direct statements and seeing the book in its own historical context, it was still an absolute joy to read the work itself.  It was so much fun to start picking out who was represented by what and which events mapped to the real world. (I still didnt get the windmill/5 Year Plan connection Im definitely more stuck in the first quarter of the 20th century) The story flows on its own just as easily as I recalled, and the satire was biting yet never heavy-handed.  This is a journey upon which I am incredibly happy I re-embarked.  Funny, sad, engaging, and brilliant it is such an unfortunate state of affairs that, given this as an assignment, I failed to find much more than the answers to the upcoming test.  As with many of the pleasures of being young, it is yet another one that is wasted on the youthful. *sigh*Some satires are more equal than others, and now I just ordered the Everyman version of 1984 my eyes are going to fall out."
"Fantastic tale of how the system works when everyone is ""equal"". This classic is a true eye opener and the fastest book I have ever read, in my life. Less than 24 hours and I am done, because it is impossible to put this one down.There are many people who do not appreciate the society that they live in. Sure it is easier to blame Tsarists' Russia or some dictatorship to be changed into another system, but as they always say, be careful what you wish for. In this wonderful portrayal of the George Orwell example, we can see that the system is the problem and the greed doesn't disappear, when the ""equal for all"" society is installed. Actually it becomes easier for a few to instill the ""honorable notion of equality"" while ripping the benefits and preaching that it is for the better good.What do we see here, without giving too much away, but to make sure that we touch up on what is the point behind this example, of social justice and equality. Pigs will take control and even fight one another to ensure that the main hog is at the top of the food chain and I do mean food chain. They will surround themselves by guard dogs and preach to the sheep, poultry and others who will listen, blindly follow them, to gain control and make sure that their opinion is not challenged, that their rule is not questioned. Of course you have bunch of work horses and asses who will work without questioning the system, since the system of ""everyone being equal"" cannot possibly be wrong. ""I must work harder"" and ""comrade Napoleon is always right"". Oh yes, in all ""equal society"", you end up with work horses and pigs. You can surely see where the ""equality"" becomes a bit of a blur, but lets continue. We see an example of ever changing rules, modified policies, overworked and unpaid, or in this case, underfed, lower class of ""comrades in equality"". The final point of this that it is hard to distinguish at the end between greed of men and greed of pigs, because greed exists in all ""equal"" society, but the problem is, only a few are able to rip the benefits of everyone else's hard labor and not to mention by force, not by choice.My favorite quote is the 7, constantly modifying commandments, turning into one: ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL, BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS"". The point of this book, reminds me of the old Russian saying, since the end result was is and always will be the same in the social justice system or better known as socialism. The saying is ""Doesn't matter which way you turn, you butt is behind you"". For those who do not understand the point of this Russian saying, the easier way to say this ""Be careful what you wish for"", since the change doesn't necessarily mean it will benefit or be better.I also recommend:1984 (Signet Classics)  Very interesting example of despotic society. Big brother is always watching, hence big brother ideal and reality. If the past doesn't agree with current, change the past and change the narrative. We have seem something like this currently and recently over and over. Who said this? ""I didn't set the red line, the world did"", when we all remember who made big statements, ""RED line if Assad uses chemical weapons"". Red line in Chief, Mister Twister!! ""Those who control the past, control the future and those who control the future, control the present"" - 1984. Control is the key word in this novel, but also in reality of such society of ""everyone is or should be equal"".""Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."" Brilliant quote about proles, the lower element of society who are more concerned about petty items than their livelihood or their past, present or future. A Party slogan ""proles and animals are free"" from this novel is one of the major points that resonate with anyone who is consciously thinking about reality of this fiction. Depending how you measure freedom of course. Everything is relevant and all depends on how you measure freedoms. As this book portrays, but not too fore fetched, for those of us who have actually lived in society designed to break the human spirit, your individual thinking, it is how you make people perceive their reality, their past, present and their freedom. Perception is reality, so if you alter perception, you just changed the reality. I couldn't help by compare this book to ""Brave New World"" by Aldous Huxley. The differences are significant, but the underlining fact is the same, that you trade your individual perception of reality for actual freedom. ""Brave New World"" is different in the sense that it portrays a society where everyone is conditioned to be happy, to enjoy what they have, what they do and how they do it, so there is no need for excessive measures and 'tortures', but at the same time, it also portrays the reality of the human will to always think for him/her self. One of the reasons the forced social justice, for ""people's own good"", for the ""good of the society"", could never work. The individual human spirit to have a free will, to love, to hate, to feel and to think. Perfect example is ""Brave New World"" in fiction, but fiction resembles reality. In ""1984"" it is a lot easier to see that the social justice of forced, torturous ""education"", ""conditioning"" and police state, is the actual reality of any social justice forced society. Sure, one might say that it is a fiction, a fairy tale, a myth, but in actuality, except for a few items that technically didn't yet exist in the time of this book, the myth is the theory of ""everyone is equal"" society. Man are not created equally, not in the sense of having the same things, same life, same skills, same talent and same needs. Even if you pretend that everyone can and should be equal, those who pretend and force it, know perfectly well that they are not and never want to be themselves. As George Orwell phrased in his novel ""Animal Farm"", ""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.""""Ignorance is strength"" - 1984. Brilliant!! There is a great explanation on why and how it is so. Perfect example that the poor, even though promised everything and always given nothing, don't ever change their situation, no matter what some tell them and promise them, they just change their master. Lenin and Soviets through and after revolution proclaimed ""Who was nothing, will be something"". Something what? When you pretend that you will change your situation by relinquishing power to a group of those who work for ""your better good"", you better be sure that those whom are working in your favor have someone, some many, watching over them, because the spirit of humans not wanting to be ""equal"" is the same spirit of those who pretend that they can be, by taking more for themselves and making everyone else miserable...aka social justice...aka ""1984"" and all the societies which are, were and will be based on that ""everyone equal"" principle.This is one great book. Dark, but great!I also recommend:Brave New WorldBrave New World RevisitedWe"
"It's every farmer's worst nightmare!  The over-worked and abused animals of Manor Farm finally decided that enough was enough and revolted against their cruel master.  Poor old Jones never had a chance; the bizarre behavior of his animals caught him and his hired men so completely by surprise that they were run off the property before they knew what hit them.  Even when Jones came back later with more men, they were no match for the pent-up fury and frustration of the newly liberated animals.The animals could hardly believe how easily the dictatorship of Jones was overthrown.  They proudly toured the borders of the farm and decided to re-christen their new territory ""Animal Farm.""  Their new-found freedom was even better than they had hoped, and a simple list of seven commandments was drawn up to ensure the continued freedom and equality of all animals.""Animal Farm"" soon became a utopia, with all of the animals sharing in the work and the reward.  The pigs, being the smartest of the farm animals, were elected as the natural leaders and handled the planning.  They decided what crops to plant, when to harvest, and got the other animals organized into effective work groups.  ""Animal Farm"" becames a model of efficiency and the harvests that first year were the most bountiful the farm had ever seen.Their happy time is short-lived, however.  The leaders of ""Animal Farm"" begin to get greedy.  Some of the animals begin to notice that the pigs are doing less and less work, while taking more and more profit.  What's more, it seems like the commandments that were drafted to govern the farm are changing, literally overnight while the animals sleep.  Before long, the hard working animals of ""Animal Farm"" realize that they have traded one ruthless master for another.George Orwell is as shrewd as he is cynical.  If you ever want to see, in a nutshell, how nations and governments rise and fall, you should definitely read Animal Farm.  Orwell covers everything: a revolution, drafting a constitution, a military coup, a labor strike, propaganda, and trade agreements.  And he does it all so cleverly that if you're not paying attention you may just enjoy the story without even noticing the satire.Patrick Tull is a fine audiobook narrator.  He has a mild British accent and reads in a style that is animated without sounding like a cartoon.  He actually reminds me a lot of Rob Inglis, the excellent narrator of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings audiobooks.Animal Farm is another of those classic novels that everyone needs to read at least one time, not counting the time you were forced to read it in high school.  If you're like me, you might need a little help understanding some of the allegory and symbolism, but it's worth the effort.  A good story with a good narrator, I highly recommend this audiobook."
"""When the animals had assembled in the big barn, Snowball stood up and, though occasionally interrupted by bleating from the sheep, set forth his reasons for advocating the building of the windmill. Then Napoleon stood up to reply. He said very quietly that the windmill was nonsense and that he advised nobody to vote for it, and promptly sat down again; he had spoken for barely thirty seconds, and seemed almost indifferent as to the effect he produced. At this Snowball sprang to his feet, and shouting down the sheep, who had begun bleating again, broke into a passionate appeal in favour of the windmill. Until now the animals had been about equally divided in their sympathies, but in a moment Snowball's eloquence had carried them away. In glowing sentences he painted a picture of Animal Farm as it might be when sordid labour was lifted from the animals' backs. His imagination had now run far beyond chaff-cutters and turnip-slicers. Electricity, he said, could operate threshing machines, ploughs, harrows, rollers, and reapers and binds, besides supplying every stall with its own electric light, hot and cold water, and an electric heater...Napoleon stood up and, casting a peculiar sidelong look at Snowball, uttered a high-pitched whimper...nine enormous dogs wearing brass-studded collars came bounding into the barn. They dashed straight for Snowball, who only sprang from his place just in time to escape their snapping jaws.""""Animal Farm"" is a quick read that wraps up human history with a nice little ribbon wrapped around pigs' tails as Mr. Orwell tells the classic tale of the oppressed rising up against the oppressors; in this case, we get the animals of the Manor Farm banishing Mr. Jones from his home and his farm, where they install a new order called Animal Farm. It is the only farm in England run solely by animals! The pigs, we are told, are the most intelligent and two ""alpha"" pigs emerge from the pack, Napoleon and Snowball. Snowball's pitch is for the animals to build his windmill so that they can have a ""three-day workweek,"" while Napoleon tells them they must gather food or starve. Snowball's speeches are more moving than Napoleon and at the moment, quoted above, when it seems Snowball had sold their comrades on the windmill, Napoleon pulls out his dogs, his militia, to banish Snowball for good and set up his own totalitarian state. In the world of Animal Farm, the rules constantly change, the laws constantly morph, the lies constantly roll, and Mr. Orwell paints the picture of a dictatorship led by a pig that runs parallel with the history of a dictatorship led by a human (Joseph Stalin, of USSR). The image of Napoleon surrounded by his militia of dogs and headed by the cockerel is comical for its fantasy but not for the stark reality the animals endure.""These scenes of terror and slaughter were not what they had looked forward to on that night when old Major first stirred them to rebellion. If she herself had had any picture of the future, it had been of a society of animals set free from hunger and the whip, all equal, each working according to his capacity, the strong protecting the weak, as she had protected the lost brood of ducklings with her foreleg on the night of Major's speech. Instead--she did not know why--they had come to a time when no one dared speak his mind, when fierce, growling dogs roamed everywhere, and when you had to watch your comrades torn to pieces after confessing to shocking crimes.""For all the issues with pure capitalism (and there are many) the facts of history show us that in a pure communist system, where everyone is supposed to be equal, contribute equally, and draw equally from the system, poverty is widespread, starvation is widespread, oppression is widespread. In the end, the USSR couldn't even move bread from its ports to its super markets. China, realizing the folly of Mao Zedong and his endless 5-year plans that ended where they began, lifted hundreds of millions of its people via capitalist reforms, and now runs a totalitarian form of capitalism (so far, successfully). Cuba? OK, everyone has health care. Wonderful. They live on a dollar a month. No thanks! Venezuela? Hyperinflation and poverty have become the norm, and accepted. North Korea. No comment. Is there inequality in capitalist countries? Absolutely, but unlike communism where the wealth is tied up in the ruling class and only the ruling class, capitalism does offer mobility; the US has its Henry Fords and Mark Zuckerbergs and Michael Dells and Steve Jobs and on and on, people who come from the bottom and rise to the top. Oh, and they give us cool stuff along the way, like cars and computers and smartphones and social media. It's this hope, the ""green light"" according to Jay Gatsby, which has led capitalism, even in its democratic socialist (Europe, Japan) and totalitarian (China) forms, to become the dominant economic system on the planet.The bottom line:  It's not that Animal Farm isn't fresh or interesting. It is. It's helpful to observe the societal breakdown that occurs when a dictator promises ""equality"" and the setting, an animal farm, is original. But much of the story is dictated (pun intended) to the reader and there were times when I had a hard time imagining the scenes or the characters. And of course, we know how this movie ends, though I suppose the intrigue is to see how things resolve for the animals on the farm.-Raeden Zen"
"One of the more interesting aspects of this particular Kindle edition of Animal Farm is George Orwell's comments, included in the appendices.  Orwell not only reinforces the fact that Animal Farm is a direct allegorical mirror of The Russian Revolution and mainly Stalinist Russia, he also laments the blindness with which the west viewed the atrocities committed by Soviet Russia.  If famine struck any part of the world except Russia, it was headline news.  If famine struck Russia, it was glossed over, completely ignored, or perhaps made it to page 6 of the newspaper by the marginally more conscientious elements of the media.  Over and over Orwell laments this blindness among the western intelligentsia to the true and horrific acts of socialism and communism.Orwell is a self-declared socialist.  Not so much because he believed in centralized government, planning everything for its people, but more because he wanted to see the ""proletariat"" (those hard working manual laborers) treated more fairly in ""unequal"" England.  However, he does point out that England existed quite happily for centuries with huge inequalities of wealth permeating its entire history.It is interesting that the two major European revolutions -- the French and the Russian -- petered out with a strongman taking charge and restoring privileged classes, resentment for which actually triggered each revolution.  France's revolution ended with Napoleon Bonaparte installing many of his family members with privilege and aristocratic titles all over his conquered Europe.  He was also lavish in bestowing aristocratic titles to his minions, many who, like him, fought in the French Revolution for liberte, egalite, and fraternite.Like Napoleon, Stalin also lavishly bestowed wealth and privilege to his minions, but history has shown how cruel he truly was: teasing most of his minions into treachery and then disposing them to the gulags or to torture and execution.  It was actually dangerous to get close to Stalin.  Some of these facts never saw the light of day until Stalin's daughter, Svetlana, defected to the west in 1967.  Perhaps if Orwell had been familiar with all of Stalin's atrocities, his Napoleon Pig character would have been even more of a megalomaniac, capriciously turning on his own piggy ilk, as well as oppressing the lower ""classes"" on the farm.  In all, Animal Farm is still a chilling allegory to those who know the facts of history."
"This is a phenomenal book with a powerful message conveyed in the simplest of story-lines. One of the best I've read in a really long time.The plot is straightforward, a group of farm animals revolt against their Master - Mr. Jones - and decide to fight for control of their home and their rights. As Mr. Jones flees his house and farm, the animals take over renaming it ""Animal Farm"" rather than ""Manor Farm"", and establish their own communist society based on equality, fairness and justice. They then create seven commandments that they all need to abide by and they are as follows:1) Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy.2) Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend3) No animal shall wear clothes4) No animal shall sleep in a bed5) No animal shall drink alcohol6) No animal shall kill another animal7) All animals are created equalAnd in order to make these commandments easy to remember for the less intelligent animals, they were summarized into ""four legs good, two legs bad.""Unfortunately, as the pigs (being the most intelligent of all farm animals) start leading this society and succumb to the temptations that power provides, they decide to dominate the farm and the animals. Soon, the commandments are slowly altered to suit their purposes until the final commandment states, ""All animals are created equal, but some animals are more equal than others"", making the summarized version ""four legs good, two legs better."" This one statement encapsulates all of humanity in my opinion - we're all equal, but some are more equal than others. I could not have thought of a better way to put it.What a brilliant story about a revolution gone wrong due to greed and tyranny. About how a communist society gave way to totalitarianism. About the evils of power, money, and propaganda.The foresight that Orwell displays in his writing is remarkable as anyone can relate to this story in recent times. A story told so lightly, yet so powerfully making it a political satire that will have you smirking and shaking your head at the same time. A timeless tale that will capture the hearts of many, but will also get you thinking. This is a must read."
"This book is fantastic. ""Animal Farm"" is a satirical allegory of the Russian Revolution, and the way Orwell approaches it is incredibly skilful. The story arc here tracks history from prior to the 1917 revolution, and through to the Tehran conference.The attention to detail is wonderful, and involves such a great degree of detail that it's almost hard to believe Orwell compressed so much into such a small space; you can almost find a new analogy on every page, whether it's between the characters and historical figures, character which represent broader groups, or of the betrayals and hurt. Each analogy has depth, and when any one thing receives a good portion of page space you can be assured that the writing pays for itself ten times over.Everything included on the text is based on clear and detailed thought. When Orwell writes, he manages to capture all the complex, hidden meanings in his words, and express it in such a way that is clear and conveys his precise meaning. And even though everything is written so as to make events obvious, Orwell does this in an understated way which adds alot of subtlety and depth to the story.My favourite part of the story was the relationship between Boxer and Benjamin. Their relationship is important to the story, but plays out in a very touching way. These aren't just complex characters, they're relatable and likeable too. The way their relationship plays out, and what we know as readers, the way our reading is already influenced, it great. Even though both characters have their positives and negatives, but I was sympathetic towards all these traits.I think what gives this book so much of its drive is the betrayal of ideas infused throughout so much of the story. It makes the book so much more powerful. Upon reading, ""Animal Farm"" is still incredibly relevant today - one need only look at what we're seeing today in widespread cutbacks to retirement ages, pensions, working conditions, etc, and the surrounding political rhetoric to see the parallels, the same betrayal of ideas. So please, read this book.5/5"
"To write a review of one of the most famous and influential 20th-Century books seems almost a waste of time. Mr. Orwell's classic is practically required reading in all American high schools. My son, who is in 8th grade, was assigned it. I haven't read ""Animal Farm"" in about ten years and gave it another whirl so my son and I could discuss it. The problem with kids tackling this classic at such a young age is they don't understand the times in which the book was written. I'm 51-years-old and rarely meet anyone who enjoyed reading ""Animal Farm"" while in school. Usually, it was after they had seasoned a little with age that they returned to Orwell's piece and found it much more insightful and enjoyable. This is sad because an early introduction to the author's book without understanding the historical context discourages kids from reading many other old, great works.Mr. Orwell, whose actual name was Eric Blair, had a heck of a time getting this baby published. Despite being a socialist, the author was highly critical of Communism at a time in which the Soviet Union was our allies in the war against Adolf Hitler. My suggestion to readers is to first do a little research about Joseph Stalin (the pig Napolean) and Leon Trotsky (the pig Snowball) as well as understand how the Soviet Union and any totalitarian regime functions. It even takes a very brief broadside at religion depicted by the raven Moses. ""Animal Farm"" is an important work explaining how people in power manipulate the ignorant masses and is very much relevant in even how democracies use propaganda (the sycophant pig Squealer) to sway public opinion. Mr. Orwell's two most famous books, ""Animal Farm"" and ""1984"" are not written in colorful prose but very much thought-provoking pieces that rightly make them worth reading."
"i remember being forced to read animal farm by george orwell ages and ages ago back in 7th grade and sorryto say,i did not like it because, i did not understand it,at the time.  well,i have finally read this bookagain(i'm in my 40s) and i was shocked and stunned what an incredible and interesting novel this is!for those who have never read it,it is not for children. it is ok for teens and adults. the gist of animal farmis this:the animals of a farm (secretly)were able to communicate with eachother and hatched a plan to takeover the whole farm fron the humans who owned it and the animals did!... once the animals were in control theyset up ground rules for all the animals to follow-incidentally,the pigs being the smartest,were the ""speakers""for the whole group. at first,things went as planned for the animals,but slowly over time,things changed.the nicer of the two pigs(snowball) was forced off of the farm thru treachery orchestrated by another pig,named napoleon. at this point,napoleon takes control using outright lies and intimidation(napoleon traineddogs to be his bodyguards). as far as the humans in the story,a group of humans tried to take back the farmbut,failed and then later,napoleon had to work with the humans to get certain things that they needed to use onthe farm. as i read each page,i thought that this reminds me alot of hitler/germany/world war two,but,reallythe author intended napoleon to represent joseph stalin. alas,hitler and stalin were cut from the same cloth,so it is logical to make the comparison between the two. there are some shocking scenes in the book aboutsome of the animals being executed(for ""loyalty"" to the long gone snowball),although these deaths are not described in detail,it becomes clear,this book might not have a happy ending. i do not want to reveal the end for those who have never read it but,the end is explicable in it's meaning,we should not think of ourselves as being so much better than animals,because,we are not. such as,our brutality towards one another and have we, as humans ever LEARNED anything from our past inhumanity throughout world history?"
"Inarguably one of the best books of the past century, George Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" displays such amount of cleverness and sharp wit within its pages that we can allow it to look down on almost any other satire written in the last 100 years. This ingenious story about a group of farm creatures rebelling against their human masters and building a society based on the precepts of ""Animalism"", still maintains intact its absolute undiminished brilliance and thought-provoking qualities. Never a bunch of animals had ever been so convincingly human and moving in their attitudes and actions. That in this outstanding allegory pigs are reserved the honour to be the self-appointed leaders among all the other animals is a too much evident metaphor, but not less effective or far-fetched nevertheless.Much more than a mere political satire, ""Animal Farm"" reveals itself as a grim and penetrating depiction of human selfishness in which the betrayal of idealism leads to a crescendo of abuses and injustices. Corruption of power transforms an initially egalitarian society into a totalitarian state of terror where (to name just a few things) animals become slave workers, freedom of speech is brutally repressed and geese accused of espionage commit suicide ""by swallowing deadly nightshade berries""...Above all, ""Animal Farm"" is a story about the miseries of human egotism, about the urge that we as individuals have always felt of trampling over those persons whom we consider socially or intellectually inferior (manifested in the form of classism and group prejudices). It is also a fable about a sad truth, a truth consisting in the unavoidable failure of egalitarianism, in the impossibility of everyone enjoying the same advantages at the same time. In order to privileged people to exist, there must be also unprivileged ones savouring the bitter taste of privation and servility. ""Animal Farm"" eloquently reminds us about the inherent cruelty permeating ""civilized"" social structures.Another success by the author is that it doesn't really matter with which characters you identify the most with, whether it is the hard-working but submissive horse Boxer, the apolitical and stoical donkey Benjamin, the uncommitted and materialistic mare Molly or the tyrannical and self-interested Napoleon; Orwell will invariably make the reader to reexamine his own attitudes and notions toward politics and social responsibility.Orwell has been dismissed by some as an ""overtly political writer"". I also personally dislike men of letters who usually dabble in politics, but the truth is that Orwell's best works are able to transcend that condition, acquiring a completely new and deeper meaning through the author's masterful understanding of human nature by means both of his unflinching portrayal of social and political injustice and the brutal repression of individual liberty shown in some of his stories.As always, this ""Everyman's Library"" hardback edition is of magnificent quality and strongly reinforces the myth of German efficiency. It includes a prologue, a chronology of the author's life along with related historical events and also two interesting appendixes written by Orwell at the end of the book. For the price, you cannot go wrong with this one.This is book that must be rediscovered by every single future generation. Make yourself a favour and read this ""fairy story"", and make another one to your friends and loved ones by giving them a copy as well."
"I always thought of Animal Farm as a ""school book,"" so I've avoided it for the last three decades, until I noticed it was on the ""Modern Library List of Best 20th-Century Novels"" and Time Magazine's ""100 best English-language novels (1923 to 2005).""  Given that it was such a short read and my proclivity for dystopian fiction, I decided to check it out and see if the acclaim was justified.Written in 1945, George Orwell's Animal Farm uses allegory to mirror the events that were taking place in Russia under Joseph Stalin and the Communist party.  Old Major, a boar on Mr. Jones' farm, convinces the rest of the animals that their rights and conditions are anything less than ideal.  After his death, two pigs named Snowball and Napoleon take his ideas and turn them into a movement, convincing the other animals that they must take action.  After a successful rebellion, the animals begin to set up new rules for their society (referred to as Animalism).  As the book progresses, we begin to see the gradual shift of power from the animals as a group, to select subclasses within their society, namely the pigs and dogs.  Animalism begins to evolve into something more evil as more and more rules and restrictions are placed on the animals by the pigs, and Snowball and Napoleon are corrupted by the effects of that power.After finishing Animal Farm, I was fairly underwhelmed. It was a decent read, but nothing as revolutionary as I expected and although entertaining, I wasn't on the edge of my seat.  Fully prepared to give the novel four stars, it wasn't until I reflected on it several days later that I began to realize how wrong I was.  My problem with the story was that I grew up in America after the end of Communism, and couldn't fully appreciate what Orwell had done. To have written a story like Animal Farm in 1945 was revolutionary in itself.  I kept reading the book and getting frustrated at how stupid the animals were, and wondering how they could follow these leaders along so blindly with unflinching determination in their work.  All of the events are not simply a product of Orwell's imagination, but an actual reflection of life under Stalinism.  Why would an animal admit to treason, knowing that it would result in their execution?  Well why do suspects routinely sign false confessions?  Why did seemingly good men go along with the atrocities of My Lai?  Those who haven't experienced it may never know why humans behave the way they do, but Animal Farm shows a very simplistic yet informative glance of the effects of Communism to those of us fortunate enough to never have experienced it.Ultimately, I have to agree with the critic's opinion of Animal Farm as one of the best novels of the Twentieth Century.  For anyone having trouble with suspension of disbelief, George Orwell's Animal Farm is an incredibly executed explanation of ""how easily totalitarian propaganda can control the opinion of enlightened people in democratic countries."""
"A tough read has never daunted me, but I have long scorned terse tales for fear of lingering dissatisfaction with the content, be it factual or fantastic.  ""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell has proved both parts of that fear spectacularly wrong.  Though its setting is fictional and cast largely made up of talking animals, ""Animal Farm"" presents startlingly accurate and icily clear comparisons of the quadrupedal characters to famous Communists and Bolsheviks, and other totalitarians from Karl Marx to Vladimir Lenin to Tsar Nicholas II.  Every event in the book springs from the mind of an aging boar on Mr. Jones' Manor Farm known as the Old Major.  Representing Karl Marx, Old Major projects the same learned, compassionate air towards the lowly farm animals that Marx held for the peasantry.  The boar tells the oppressed masses of The Manor Farm of a revolution he believes to be imminent if not at their collective doorstep.  These predictions come true shortly after the death of the Old Major, with the pigs, being the most conceited and among the most intelligent of the animals, naturally fall into leader's roles.  After only a year, however, a pig named Napoleon stages a coup d'etat against any pigs that opposed him, after which he set about reversing the improvements made by the system of collective government and gain.  All of this is told in the style of a children's fable, but George Orwell slips cynical humor into it throughout the plot, turning what should be a simple book into an emotionally complex narrative.  Though some of the characters are based on outdated information, ""Animal Farm"" remains an engrossing story, a fairly accurate history (on the whole, one only needs to substitute names of people and places to get an accurate history of the Soviet Union), and a dire warning against totalitarianism."
"First published in August 1945, just as WWII was coming to an end, Animal Farm tells the story of farm animals who take over the Manor Farm owned by Farmer Jones.  Old Major, an elderly boar, tells the animals of a dream he's had when the animals will revolt and no longer work for humans.  Within a few days he dies and soon thereafter the revolution occurs.  Two young pigs, Snowball and Napoleon, take charge and organize the animals and their laws and make the farm more prosperous than when humans were in charge.  But when conflicts arise, Napoleon drives Snowball out and before long their laws (7 commandments) are changing and the animals realize the oppressive farmer has been replaced by even more oppressive pigs.I was first assigned to read this in a 9th grade Civics class.  This was back in the early 1980s when Soviet communism was a fearsome enemy.  But in spite of the fact that this story is an obvious parallel to Stalin and communism as seen in the 1940s, I doubt I fully appreciated it back then - I'm not even sure I actually read it back then.  But I've corrected that shortcoming now, and was very impressed with the story.The pig Napoleon is compared with Joseph Stalin and the way he abused his power to gain control over the people, setting himself up in comfort while encouraging the other animals to labor harder.  When he is faced with opposition he reacts violently by using the puppies he's been quietly training, a close corollary to the secret police employed to silence dissent, particularly during the bloody purges.  The pigs excuse the privileges they allocate to themselves by explaining to the animals that their ""brain work"" is the hardest of all, and therefore they require the cream and apples (luxuries) to be mixed into the mash they eat, even while the others are asked to sacrifice.  Squealer becomes the minister of propaganda, and he trains the stupid sheep to bleat ""four legs good, two legs bad"" to drown out any complaining that arises, and frequently announces fabricated production numbers to deceive the animals into believing their lives are better than before.But there's also a strong parallel with labor movements in general from the late 1800s and early 1900s, and the way promises were made to manipulate the working classes into supporting violence and revolt.  I think it's also entirely appropriate that it ends without a happy resolution, given that communism didn't end in the USSR for another 40+ years and that socialism is still being advocated in many circles today.Although Orwell was a socialist himself, the book exposes the ease with which propaganda (and threats and actual violence) can control the opinion of otherwise enlightened people in a totalitarian state.  I thought it was interesting the way the account of the ""Battle of the Windmill"" was spun by Squealer to sound like a great victory for the animals - an allusion to driving the Germans out of Russia despite an enormous cost in lives.  Also, Napoleon awards himself a ribbon for his own bravery during the battle (his tail was nicked, possibly by buckshot) although no such recognition is given to the horse Boxer who was seriously wounded.  In the end, even the promises of a comfortable retirement aren't honored, as Boxer is sold to the ""knackers"" and the pasture previously set aside for animals in their old age is plowed for barley to make alcohol for the pigs (the law at this point has been changed from ""no animal shall drink alcohol"" to ""no animal shall drink alcohol to excess"").I listened to the audio book narrated by Ralph Cosham, and I'm glad that I finally made the time to listen to this interesting and important story.  I'm not sure that it can fully be appreciated by high-schoolers, but hopefully teachers will make the effort to explain the background behind the book and the parallels with Soviet communism."
"Animal Farm is the world famous novel by the socialist author George Orwell, allegorising the rise and fall of Soviet Russia under the Communist leader Josef Stalin. The narrative centres around farmyard animals who uprise and overthrow their cruel master Mr Jones to live in a utopian society where ""all animals are equal"". The short novel outlines how good the Communist idea was intended to be, and how cruel it could become in the hands of a dictator.PositivesIn Politics and the English Language, George Orwell denotes that successful authors should : ""Never use a long word where a short one will do"". He applied this rule to Animal Farm and made the book accessible to any audience by doing so ; if read in depth, can be taken as the historical allegory of the fall of Communism in Russia during the years under Stalins' dictatorship, or read simply can be taken merely as a childhood fable (albiet not a very happy one). The book can be understood by children who don't need to understand the political message. The simpleness and grace of the prose of the book easily portrays the tragedy behind the story. The reader is hooked from the strong beginning and will find it easy to read in a couple of hours; Animal Farm is only 10 chapters long! I took History at A Level (I'm so cool, I know) so I think this is why I enjoyed the book, because I was aware of the history behind it. Orwell captures the characters of the political leaders he is satiring well ; Old Major is Karl Marx, with the first idea of Communism, Snowball is Lenin and Napoleon is Stalin. He also portrays the cruelty of how the Russian people were treated very concisely and chillingly; for example the execution of the rebellious chickens. A must-read book, that was well ahead of its time and can be read and allegorised to the majority of governments in society today.NegativesThe character development was sacrified in favour of the narrative ; the majority of the characters are not fleshed out as well as I personally would have liked. Also, the chronological order of the events in the book are incorrect (the Trials, predominantly) compared to the history from which the story is derived. This novel is definately not for younger children as the depiction of animal cruelty is quite rife.ConclusionA personal favourite of mine, a book that was forced upon me and led me to my love of George Orwell. Animal Farm is written so simply yet cleverly, so it can be seen as a contemporary parody and satire of the British and American governments or as a timeless allogory of the Soviet Union, or in some respects Nazi Germany. The book is timeless, and will stay in your mind forever.By Nicola Cousen"
"Orwell is taking one step more here than in ""1984"". He describes the rebellion of the animals of a farm against the brutal, steadily drunken farmer who exploits and oppresses them violently. The usurpation against this rule of violence is successful. But to fight the evil it does not mean to  attain the emergence of the good.When in 1917 the Bolschewiki and Menschewiki overthrew Czarist Russia they removed a system that had brought for most of the people only hardly bearable conditions. In their place they set a regimen with an ideology that promised a wonderful future but created more terrible conditions than had ever existed before. The same goes with the animals on the farm. The freed ones installed a much worse rule.  This happens not at once, it is a creeping and scaringly not avoidable process!Is this the fate of any free order, that it deteriorates into dictatorship? Is this what Orwell wants to tell us? Not quite! He is about showing us that this is only inevitable when the conscience for freedom values is undermined. But then it might be an imperceptible process which is all the more successful in case of a skilled use of language. The individuals should get accustomed to the wrong and adopt it. This makes them assessable. In the end they have no more own voice and bleat ""mee"" and ""moo"" in lockstep until they can be lead to the butcher unresistantly. At first it is the turn of the unadopted, but in the end all others are in for it, even the rascals. They leave a desert behind. Enough examples in the younger history! Especially the 20th century has excelled in the realization of much promising but less promise keeping ideologies, whose devastating effects will last long.Orwell`s book is an appeal to all to understand and treasure the freedom rights of man as superior sanctity of human possession and to restore them as the most precious good that people have. He hopes that man is wise enough to do it. It is a pious hope.Freedom is always endangered if one or a group of people, a party, a majority etc. has the presumption to connote oneself as only owner of ""truth"". And freedom is getting lost, if it becomes a political will, transformed and applied by the power holders. Ideologies promise always to bring people to their true greatness. In truth they belittle them to unrecognizability. This can be seen in our times in Islam how it is lived by the Islamists where the individual is nothing, although promised paradise. Already Friedrich Hlderlin had said: ""It were always those who made the world a hell who promised to make it paradise.""""Animal farm"" is thrilling though you know in the beginning how it ends."
"Deemed a classic by modern day scholars, George Orwell's Animal Farm is a must read. It is a humorous yet realistic satire on Soviet Russia. Although never specifically named as the target of Orwell's story, much controversy has come about from Animal Farm's similarities to the Russian Revolution. Telling the story of animals who are tired of suffering under the oppression of humans, it brilliantly illuminates the struggle of the common man against tyranny. Old Major, a prize winning boar who has the revolutionary spirit of Karl Marx, tells the animals of a dream he has had of a utopian farm where animals have the power. After winning over the emotions of most of the farm animals, Old Major dies and the pigs (Napoleon and Snowball) take over the revolution. Napoleon forces his way into unquestioned power using underhanded tactics and clever slogans like ""Napoleon is always right"" and ""Four legs good, two legs bad."" Addressing his fellow animals as ""comrades"" Napoleon is reminiscent of Vladimir Lenin and Joseph Stalin, covering up the corruption of the farm by saying it's all ""for the good of the animals."" As conditions worsen and support for the revolution dwindles, the power is questioned and the animals wonder what happened to their dream of equality.The allusions pour out of this seemingly elementary story, every action was masterfully planned by Orwell to emulate history.  For readers who enjoy history and contextual significance, Animal Farm is perfect. Even readers with no knowledge of the political importance behind this book would still find delight in this whimsical story of animals that kick the humans off their farm and try to set up their own government. It is an extremely simple concept, yet is speaks volumes about revolution gone wrong. George Orwell's progressive eccentricity mixed with his classy criticism makes Animal Farm perfectly poignant. This reader would recommend it to all ages!"
"After reading ""1984"" I made it a goal of mine to get my hands on everything that George Orwell has ever written if possible in my life time.  So immediately after finishing ""1984"" I went to the book store and was able to find ""Down and Out in Paris and London"", ""Animal Farm"" and ""Keep The Aspidistra Flying"" which I still have to read.  But staying on topic, ""Animal Farm"" is nothing short of pure GENIUS!  It grabbed me from the first lines and had me disappointed when it ended so quickly because it is a very fast read, but totally enjoyable through out!  If someone had told me to think quick and name a book where animals are depicted as having human personalities prior to reading this book, my first response would have been ""Charlotte's Web.""  Now however, it is definitely ""Animal Farm!""It starts out with Old Major, a prize boar having a dream and wanting to communicate that dream to the rest of the animals on the farm.  From there all the animals are filing in and it is totally apparent in his descriptiveness that not only do they each have very distinct human personalities and quirks, but that the story itself is going to be a Master Piece!  Which it is!  I wouldn't want to ruin it for any one that hasn't read it but the song that Major (The Prize Boar) sings called ""Beast of England"" sets the perfect back drop for the story to unfold.  And also all the various slogans that he coins are as powerful today as they were when they were written.  ""Four legs good, two legs bad!"" is just one of the things that will stick with you long after the book has been read.From the stand point of a politically educating work, this book should be required reading for any one who just doesn't quite get ""politics"" whether they care for them or not.  It's laced with serious issues like life and death, betrayal, patriotism and an entire gamut of beliefs that are of course far better understood from the inside out.  Meaning those who acquire power ultimately end up being like the ones that previously had the power they didn't have, but once coveted.  Witty, serious, comical and again, as important now in today's world despite when it was penned as anything ever was!  Buy this book and visit ""Animal Farm!""  It will surely be a place that stays with you long after you have closed the book and will perhaps have you in search like me, of other things written by George Orwell, one of the best writers in my opinion of all time!Your Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak"
"Animal Farm is a strong metaphor for the rise of tyranny using the model of a failing communism after the deliberate overthrow and subsequent breakdown of capitalism and democracy. In Orwell's story oppressed farm animals rebel against their masters only to find themselves falling prey to the inherent problem of an escalating despotism following emancipation that culminates in an even vaster gap of inequality between upper and lower classes with the wants of the very few outweighing the needs of a neglected majority that are slowly turned into isolated brainwashed slaves controlled by fear.The ideology of equality is sound but in overthrowing the ruling elite who cannot say that yet another privileged will not emerge? An even stronger dictatorship that can control the masses with the intimidating thought that if the populace doesn't obey any order then the old ways can come back? What makes Animal Farm so good is that it explains how revolutions designed to close the differences in rank can be easily exploited. This is the inevitable dilemma faced by all civilizations that desire governed order and is especially true of socialism and communism. Nobody has captured the difficulty of the exploitation of trust and power any better than Orwell has done with Animal Farm.Animal Farm doesn't answer any questions but makes lots of them and is all about awareness of these possibilities, a conundrum born out from our systemic need to consolidate power socially.Orwell based his work on a combination of the Bolshevik revolutionaries and Stalinism but the overall message is a one of warning about how any system of political control can become corrupt if it is allowed run with carte blanche.It is also a message about how awareness of one's own strength can suddenly change the balance and for this reason has been seen as subversive material. Animal Farm is often banned by most totalitarian regimes and even some governments had banned it because they didn't understand it or believed that its anti-communism message was considered too strong for public consumption."
"Animal Farm; a book about abused, overworked farm animals that were set free after they chased their master away from their farm.  The animals are now attempting to make the world a better place for them.  They live just like we do in the United States; for example, they have a powerful president that sets rules for them, and they get paid (in food) for working in the farm.  They attempt to slaughter all the humans that cross their farms, for humans make the world a dreadful place.I strongly recommend the book Animal Farm, because the author does an excellent job of personifying the animals.  For example, the animals would rebel against the humans when the humans would attempt to harm them.  The animals acted like humans would in this situation, for humans often times settle things by harming each other, not by negotiating.  Also, the animals are exceedingly productive and desire to work hard to get their pay.  Humans normally work hard in their jobs to get their pay as well as the animals in Animal Farm.  Furthermore, the animals have a president to set examples and rules for them.  The president plans meetings and gives speeches as well as President George Bush does in the United States.Another thing the author does a superior job at is giving the animals their own, unique personalities; for instance, the animals have certain names relating to their appearance and personality.  For example, there is a horse named Boxer who is immense and burly, which is describes his name well.  There is also a pig named Napoleon who is an exceptionally powerful leader as Napoleon Bonaparte was in the real world.  Also, there are several different animals that frequently cause trouble and rebel to the ""Seven Commandments"" while others stay obedient to them.  American Humans also break rules and rebel sometimes as well.  Such as, there are humans that do drugs and break rules, while others stay obedient to their religion.  What's more, some animals work harder than others and the ones that work hard get rewarded.  This relates to real life because people who work long hours and have tough jobs normally get a lot of money compared to the people who work once a week at a McDonalds, who don't get paid much at all.In conclusion, I powerfully recommend the book Animal Farm by George Orwell because of his superior job of personifying the farm animals.  The animals act exactly like humans would in their shenanigans.  The animals also have their own unique personalities which makes the book interesting.  I firmly believe this would be a fantastic book for all ages.  I will be looking forward to reading this book again in the future and looking again for all of the excellent things the author put in this book."
"George Orwell had written many stories before he got to Animal farm, addressing a variety of topics. With Animal Farm, he deliberately wrote a story describing Russia's revolution and problems. At the time, during World War II, Russia was an ally of England and he couldn't find *anybody* to publish his book. Finally, he did track down someone willing to do it. The first publishing was 50,000 copies and sold for $1.75 each.As you might imagine, it didn't go over very well. However, as the Cold War progressed, and the Soviet Union became more and more an ""Evil Empire"" to the west, the book's popularity skyrocketed. Many copies were sent to Ukraine and other Soviet-controlled areas as a way to ""help"" the populace. The book got added to many school required reading lists. I have tried to do research to find if the book became a best seller (over 10 million copies sold) because of the required school reading or because of voluntary pleasure reading ... I can't seem to find anywhere which says one way or the other. My own personal feeling is that it's the school reading that got this onto the best selling list. For example, Orwell's other main book - 1984 (also on many school reading lists) was selling 750,000 copies a year in 1984. That's hefty sales for such a serious book.At only 139 pages, this is one of the shortest books on the top selling list. If you want to understand the ""meaning"" of the book, here's a quick synopsis. Old Major (Marx) has a great idea about equality and gets the farm thinking. Soon the animals (people) oust the current bad ruler (Tzar). Two main pigs lead the newly freed animals - Snowball (Trotsky, the idealistic, nice one) and Napoleon (Stalin, the greedy, mean one). Napoleon even has a bunch of cruel dogs (secret police) to keep the animals in line.The book is interesting as a very thinly veiled attack on a political system. It's important to remember it's very biased, of course! It's like reading an anti-Democrat fable written by the Republicans. In Animal Farm, the animals are all *very* stupid. The pigs are explicitly ""naturally"" smarter which is why they lead. The rest of the animals (with only specific exceptions) are very stupid. Are they saying that the entire Soviet populace were very stupid? I know many people in that region who would disagree.I suppose the story might not have had the same impact if it was more realistic (still with animals, of course). Just one example - in the real world, Ukrainians fought fiercely against Soviet rule. Stalin inflicted a famine on them, killing millions. Few animals in Animal Farm fight back - they merely mutter occasionally and are quickly silenced. Instead, the book makes a gigantic line between ""very innocent / dumb"" (all animals but the pigs) and ""very evil / smart"" (the pigs). It's a shame the book couldn't have smart-but-stuck characters as well. I suppose the dumb-but-evil animals would be the dogs, doing the bidding of the pigs. Still, I don't like the portrayal of the pigs as ""all naturally clever"". I suppose I've made that clear :)So there's two ways I look at this book. First, during it's ""peak popularity with regular readers"" (i.e. the Cold War, the 60s) it was a propaganda tool for the West. You can consider this a ""really good thing"" in helping Ukrainians and other subjugated groups get a voice. I suppose you could consider it a ""interference"" issue since most Western countries wouldn't be happy if other countries deliberately wrote very biased, cutesy anti-current-policy books and flooded their marketplace with them :)Outside of that very specific selling time period, the longer life of this book has been with school sales. The kids reading the book don't really need to learn ""Russian history"" by understanding pigs and sheep reciting messages. Instead, by reading Animal Farm they get a *very* basic, easily understandable example of how symbols work in books. When they tackle advanced books they get very subtle symbols to understand. This is a book to get them started. The dogs act like secret police. The propaganda pig works like a propaganda machine. The book isn't subtle at all, you can see the similarities very clearly. So as a teaching tool, the book works wonderfully. It's relatively entertaining, and it's short.As far as an adult reading this in the post-2000 era, I found it interesting, but its one sidedness shone through. It's a bit like watching Barney the Dinosaur. The message is fine enough, but as a book intended for adults, even in ""fable form"", I would have appreciated a bit more meat. Still, there are many aspects of the book which are deeply embedded into current culture, because culture assumes that every child read the book on the way towards adulthood. So from that point of view, it's a book that everyone should read at least once, to understand those references."
"Animal FarmThe Shroud for Deeper Meaning  Animal Farm, as any educated reader could understand, is a novel about communism and the inherent problems that many communist governments face. George Orwell used his allegory of the Soviet Union to create a novel that addresses issues like hypocrisy, abuse of power, freedom, and betrayal. In order to understand the content of Animal Farm the reader must understand the context in which Orwell wrote it. Orwell began writing Animal Farm in 1943 in London England. At this point, World War II was well underway and the Soviet Union was effectively holding the lines against the German army. Orwell, an active anti-socialist decided to write Animal Farm in order to voice his opinion on socialism and perhaps prevent the people of London from accepting the Communist values of the Soviet Union. Unfortunately for Orwell, when he tried to get his book published in 1945, it was turned down because the English attitude towards the Soviets was that ""hey, they're helping us win the war"". However in 1946 the war was over and slowly the public was beginning to see the deficiencies in the Soviet Union and Animal Farm was picked up by Harcourt Brace& Company. Although the Soviet Union was largely established on principles that would benefit the common man, Orwell showed through Animal Farm that the principles of a communist government were not necessarily admirable. The infamous ""All animals are equal but some are more equal than others""(92) quote shows how Orwell used Animal Farm  to convey deeper meaning than just having the novel be a pointless allegory about the Soviet Union. By having the government in Animal farm be ruled by poor, fat leaders who's only asset is that they're incredibly persuasive, Orwell was able to show how easily power can be abused. Animal Farm very effectively achieves its goal of outlining the deficiencies of Communist government.  Animal Farm suggests that that although initial reasoning can be good faithed, safeguards must be in place to prohibit leaders from becoming over powerful persuasive hypocrites. Orwell effectively used Napoleon and all his underlings as tools for his abuse. With Squealer who constantly ""spoke so persuasively""(42) with ""the three dogs who happened to be with him""(42) that ""growled so threateningly ... they accepted his explanations without further questions.""(42) Napoleon was able to manipulate his way into becoming an over powerful persuasive hypocrite who, at the end of the story where ""the creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which."" (97) Animal Farm comes full circle when Napoleon comes out of the farmhouse ""majestically upright, casting haughty glances from side to side""(91) with a ""whip in his trotter""(91) and the lambs shout ""Four legs good, two legs better!"" (91) At that point the very basis of animalism has been demolished and Orwell effectively proved that although a communist government can be founded on good ideals, ultimately the power instilled on a single person will corrupt and those ideals will ultimately be lost."
"""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL, BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS"" is the Principle of Animalism - an allegorical term for Soviet Bolshevism, which had actually spread throughout Russia during the 20th century and haunted its various peoples and regions in the name of Socialism.  The author, born in India of English parents, was a socialist and wrote this profound piece of political satire with the aim of destroying the Soviet myth.  George Orwell wanted to show that the Soviets were using the rhetoric of socialism to veil their vicious statism and that the Soviets were not at all socialist, despite their claims that they were.  One senses that if Orwell were alive today, he would write an Animal Farm that could  strip away the myth from Tony Blair and George Bush doing war in the name of freedom when they are actually waging state terrorism and killing tens of thousands of civilians.  Cutting through what Orwell would later term ""Doublespeak"" in another book (1984) is Orwell's aim.The tale begins by introducing old Major, a talking boar who describes the horrible conditions all animals live under at Manor Farm.  Major dreams of a socialist-type revolution where the ""Man"" can be overthrown by the animals:  ""Only get rid of Man"" and everything would be peaceful for the animals.  Major dies but the other animals are left inspired.Their opportunity arises when the Man goes on a drinking binge and neglects the feeding of the farm animals.  Starving, they must act and action is inspired by a combination of remembrance of Major and of dire straits; the animals take over the farm.  Manor Farm is renamed Animal Farm.  So far this is an allegorical retelling of the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia when the starving peasants took control of the state from the decadent ruling class.  The remaining events in the story mirror events that actually happened in Russia under Soviet rule.  In the end, the pigs are no different from the Man.Historically, this has been the fate of all revolutions.  Crafty word-pushers see that seizing control of the state is a valuable prize because it results in a cudgel beneficial to whoever wields it to the detriment of those it is wielded against.I miss Orwell.  I wish he were around today to write about the British sleeper cell in Washington, District of Criminals that has gotten us Yanks to provide the brawn to British empire in all those quagmires created by the British - Afghanistan, Iraq, Sudan, etc.  The Anglo-American wordpushers are creating a world as oppressive as Adolf Hitler's with no end to deaths and destruction being visited upon innocent peoples whose misfortune is to live atop oil fields."
"During the year 1946, during the Second World War, a small book called Animal Farm by George Orwell was appearing on bookshelves throughout the country. Soon afterward, attempts were made to tell Marshal Stalin about this piece of Western literature, deemed a work of genius and a masterpiece. Stalin paid polite interest to these remarks made to him and did not ask any questions. If he had known anything about the book, surely his reaction would have been more drastic.Animal Farm starts out on a farm where one of the prize pigs gets an idea in his head to revolt against the human owners to make the lives of the farm animals better. The other animals, especially the pigs, agree, and soon the prize pig dies. Quickly afterward the animals successfully have their Rebellion and the pigs take charge. However, two of the pigs, who are the leaders of everyone, keep getting into disagreements. Eventually one of the pigs, Napoleon, raises a litter of puppies and as soon as their big enough, he uses them to chase off the other pig, Snowball. Through this way, Napoleon gets supreme power over the other animals. He forces the animals to work and things start to go badly, making it necessary to trade with the humans and rations have to be cut. Of course the pigs are well fed. When some animals start to speak out against Napoleon, he holds a meeting to get rid of the traitors. While the other animals watch, the dogs murder the outspoken animals. Upon seeing this, other animals confess to their treachery and are killed. Life continues to get harder and harder on the farm. Near the end the pigs start breaking some of their rules, called the Seven Commandments, making them increasingly like human beings. The other animals are powerless to respond. As the pigs were one day playing cards and discussing business with some humans, all ties with the animals are broken and the pigs turn into humans. Animal Farm is very powerful and penetrating with its message.The lucid, clear writing in Animal Farm helps make a big impression. Extremely well written and concise, the book is impossible to put down and easy to absorb and think about. The message is obvious and expressed in the best way, using simple language and events that smash home their point superbly.The references to a totalitarian rule are illustrated in a devastating way and brilliantly executed. There are countless examples and the whole story fits in so neatly with the events of the time. The Russians had their Revolution mainly because of unhappiness with their tsar. The animals had the Rebellion because they were unhappy with the farmer who ruled them. Afterward, the pigs took charge, which is no accident. Napoleon is also an odd name and an appropriate one, showing Orwell is not just against the totalitarian rule in Russia. It's interesting that one of the questions the animals against revolting asked was, ""If the Rebellion is to happen anyway, what difference does it make whether we work for it or not?"" This question was also asked of the Marxist theorists about communism. The next major event on the farm is Napoleon chasing off Snowball with the vicious dogs he raised. Stalin killed his rival leaders. When Stalin was declaring many members of his party traitors, he also intimidated hundreds of peasants to confessing imaginary crimes against the State. Napoleon did the same. There are many more instances of the connections between Stalin authoritarian rule and Napoleon's rule.Animal Farm isn't only about totalitarian rule. The novel also puts forth opinions on human nature. After Napoleon killed the traitorous animals Boxer, a dim-witted horse, said, ""I do not understand it. I would not have believed such things could happen on our Farm. It must be due to some fault in ourselves."" This statement relates to the question whether the situation shapes who we are or as individuals we shape ourselves. Unknowingly Boxer is supporting the latter opinion. The readers have to decide whether the events were a result of the evil of just one person (Napoleon) or a result of the free situation. In other words, if Napoleon hadn't done what he had done, would someone else have taken his place?To sum up, Animal Farm is an illuminating story on totalitarian rule and human nature. Brillantly written and possessing a wit to rival Swift, I highly reccomend this little masterpiece.A.M."
"Animal Farm is Orwell's allegorical satire based upon the USSR during the era and events surrounding WWII.From beginning to end it's saturated with symbolism that is unmistakable.  Orwell takes harsh stabs at those he disdains, characters such as Stalin (Napoleon), and those who spew propaganda (Squealer) - possibly the government-controlled media.  Additionally, there are major characters in the book that represent other aspects of the communist state during that time.  Snowball is obviously Trotsky and Boxer is obviously the ignorant working class.Boxer is perhaps the character readers are supposed to dislike the most.  As with the ignorant working class, Boxer is willing to believe and swallow every lie, every modification of past truths.  Instead of challenging the new leader's (Napoleon) ideals, Boxer is willing to always believe and trust him, vowing to work harder and harder at every setback.A particular setback in the book is the Animal Farm's attempt at building a windmill.  Much like Stalin's ""Five Year Plan"", the windmill is a total failure.  After each setback with the windmill's construction - much like Stalin's multiple ""Five Year Plan"" setbacks which were supposed to solve all of Russia's problems - the animals are told to rebuild the windmill that will eventually make their lives easier.The plot of this book is very simple, very straight-forward, and very enjoyable.  From the beginning of the animals' realization of their mistreatment, and subsequent coup, to the final conclusion - where Orwell makes it clear that the adjacent farms are supposed to be Hitler's Germany and Chamberlain's England, the reader is led through the painful corruption and decay of the intended utopian animal society.Animal Farm is probably one of the shortest classics available, and it simply can't be put down.  While there is relatively no humor or light-heartedness (except for the introduction of alcohol to the story), it is nonetheless interesting in a dark, hopeless, empathetic manner.Animal Farm is a great book from which lessons should be learned."
"Just before he dies, Old Major, an old pig, shares a dream he had with the animals of Manor Farm.  In the dream, he saw a future where animals were no longer the servants of man but enjoyed the profits of their own labor.His dream became reality much sooner then he imagined, however.  Shortly after his death, the animals spontaneously revolt against the farm's owner, Jones, a mean drunk.With the humans gone, the animals start working the farm together, anxious to enjoy the rewards.  They also form their own government, a complete democracy where every animal has a say.  They create seven commandments that they will all live by to make the newly renamed Animal Farm an even better place to live.It isn't long, however, before the pigs begin to take a place of leadership because of their superior intelligence.  Two in particular, Snowball and Napoleon, rise to the top and always take opposite sides on every issue.The first year, things go smoothly.  But the second year, things begin to fall apart and a leader emerges, slowly gaining more power.  Will the other animals go along with the changes?Having heard about this classic all my life, I finally decided it was time to become acquainted with it.  I can see why everyone talks about it so much.  It is a powerful allegory about the dangers of Socialism.  And, while some of the commentary directed squarely at the USSR may be lost on today's readers, anyone familiar with the history of that country or the other communist countries in our history will certainly get the point.  It's amazing how accurate George Orwell was years before things got bad in Russia.While it did take me a few minutes to truly get the ending, it was very chilling.The best part is, the book is fun, too.  The story moves quickly and the animal characters are so well drawn it's hard not to get pulled in to the story.  I was hooked and couldn't wait to see how it ended.Some classics are boring and hard to get through.  This isn't one of them.  Don't fear the classic label, but pick this up and read it today.  You'll be glad you did."
"_Animal Farm:  A Fairy Story_, fist published in 1946 by George Orwell (pen name of Eric Blair), is a satirical tale of a farm taken over and run by animals meant to satirize the totalitarianisms of the day and in particular communism and Stalinism.  George Orwell (1903 - 1950) was the pen name of the British author Eric Blair, who developed an early enmity towards those in power and their abuses of power.  Orwell was a socialist but came to witness the horrors of the Soviet state and the betrayal of his ideals by Stalinists.  As such, Orwell came to loathe totalitarianism in general and wrote novels, including this book and _1984_, showing the degrading effects such societies (and in particular the communism of the Soviet state) had on people.  Orwell's books are indeed prophetic and show us a world in which the very life-force has been sapped out of mankind by those in power.  Orwell imagines a highly efficient totalitarian state, capable of enforcing political correctness at the highest levels, tampering with the memories of men (or animals as is the case in this book), and maintaining a total disregard for the truth.  Orwell shows how under such regimes the very notion of truth becomes suspect and the individual can no longer distinguish between fact and state propaganda.  This particularly applies to the Soviet Union under Josef Stalin, which is the primary setting for Orwell's stories.  During the Second World War, when Stalin was regarded as an ally by many British, Orwell's stories came as a shock in that they showed the vile nature of the Soviet regime._Animal Farm_ begins as the Manor Farm of the human farmer Mr. Jones, who the animals believe exploit them.  As such, the animals on the farm gather together and stage a rebellion against the human exploiters so that they may together own the farm to work for the benefit of all animals.  The story begins as Old Major, a prize white boar near the end of his life, tells of a future society in which animals work together free from the exploitation of man.  It has been suggested that Old Major very likely represents either Marx or Lenin, the precursors of the Russian revolution.  Following this, all the animals join together in singing the traditional folk song ""The Beasts of England"", expressing their hope for a better society.  Following this, the animals stage a revolt against Mr. Jones and drive him from the farm, assuming ownership of the farm themselves and re-naming it ""Animal Farm"".  In particular, two pigs named Snowball and Napoleon come to play prominent parts as leaders; however, soon there develops rival factions surrounding each of these pigs.  Together the animals create the Seven Commandments of Animalism, which maintain that all animals are equal and that those who go upon four legs or have wings are friends while those who go upon two legs are enemies.  However, as the story continues, all seven of the commandments are eventually to be broken by the pig leadership.  The animals then begin working together on the farm and design their own society ruled by animals.  However, a rivalry develops between the pigs, Snowball and Napoleon.  Snowball advocates building a windmill while Napoleon opposes it.  Eventually, Napoleon and his dogs are to drive Snowball from the farm; however, the memory of Snowball is to forever come back and haunt the animals and he is systematically blamed for whatever goes wrong on the farm.  It has been suggested that while Snowball represents the character Leon Trotsky from the Russian revolution, Napoleon represents the vile dictator Josef Stalin.  Napoleon then begins consolidating his power and little by little takes over all aspects of the farm.  Napoleon also uses propaganda and uses the pig Squealer to manipulate the animals and provide an alternate history which places Napoleon at the center of the rebellion.  Other characters on the farm include the work horse Boxer (whose mottos ""I will work harder"" and ""Napoleon is always right"" serve to illustrate his persistence but whose role on the farm is cruelly exploited by the pigs and who is eventually cruelly killed by them - perhaps reminiscent of the Soviet Stakhanovite movement), the horses Clover and Mollie, the sheep (perhaps reminiscent of the proletariat), the raven Moses (who preaches of a ""Sugarcandy mountain"" in the sky where animals go after death - reminiscent of religion and the churches), the dogs (Napoleon's private guards), the cat, and Benjamin the donkey.  As time passes, the pigs led by Napoleon begin abusing their power and breaking the Seven Commandments.  They drink alcohol, they have dealings with humans on other farms, the stage a great show trial in which they slaughter animals believed to be spies for Snowball, etc.  Throughout the book Napoleon continues to engage in negotiations with human owners of other farms and in particular a conflict develops between Mr. Frederick and Mr. Pilkington, reminiscent of other leaders that Stalin engaged in negotiations with.  Meanwhile, life on the farm continues to grow worse and worse, with longer and harder working hours and less benefits, though the animals have forgotten whether life was better or worse under Mr. Jones.  At the end, the animals see for themselves exactly what the pigs have wrought, as it is shown that the pigs are no different than the humans.  This book also shows the collaboration between the big capitalists and the communist leaders, both of whom plotted against the people to consolidate power in the hands of a few.  The book ends on a very disturbing note, in which we see the complete abandonment of the ideals which launched the rebellion by the pigs.Orwell's books provide classic and disturbing accounts of the horrors of Soviet totalitarianism.  They show us an efficient bureaucratic apparatus capable of sapping the life from the very people it claims to represent.  As such, they are classic tales of the dangers that lurk behind totalitarianism and the manner in which human idealism is exploited by evil dictators.  They are to be highly recommended to each new generation who seeks to understand the world in which we live today.Postscript:  In a truly disturbing fashion, this ""Centennial Edition"" comes with a pro-communist foreword by Ann Patchett which rails against the evils of ""McCarthyism"".  I believe that this foreword is best ignored in light of the fact that this is an anti-communist work of fiction."
"As C M Woodhouse profoundly remembered in his introduction to the Animal Farm written in 1954: Winston Churchill eavesdropped on President Truman tipping off Stalin about the great event in history that was destined to etch the triumph of Western genius in the history of the world. As Churchill observed, Stalin ""had no idea of the significance of what he was being told... If he has the slightest idea of the revolution in world affairs which was in progress his reactions would have been obvious..."". Animal Farm hit bookshelves on the same month as the atomic bombs hit Hiroshima and Nagasaki. As the undying impact of both events persists in modern times, the jury is still out on whether the pen is mightier than the bomb.Works of fiction are not only a million times more effective in bringing a political point of view to the mainstream. A work of fiction that does so is a million times harder to conceive and author than millions of political debates that take the form of non-fiction.Much has been written about Orwell's forewarning of the evils of communist Russia in a time when the celebration of ""socialism"" was in fever pitch. However, in modern times, it would be shortsighted to assume that Animal Farm's place in history is due to its criticism of communism. What makes Animal Farm an immortal classic is its criticism of totalitarianism. What applied to communism during World War II might better apply today to inward-looking nationalism, hegemonic capitalism, and organized fundamentalist religion.Power will corrupt. More power will corrupt more. Any system that reaches the state of unquestioned power to a few will deny the right to moral fairness to many. Through the eyes of the fatalist, this is the beginning of the certain and ultimate destruction of mankind. Through the eyes of the optimist, this is the crest of a system that must fall in the interest of humankind, since there is power in chaos. In either case, these are the times when we will remember George Orwell or Benjamin, the donkey, as the one who foretold it."
"I first read Animal Farm when I was 13 years old.  I thought it was an excellent novel but at 13 years of age, I was oblivious to the Russian Revolution, had never heard of Stalin, and had no idea what a totalitarian government was.  To me, Animal Farm was self contained - it was a story about the animals of Manor Farm and the corrupting influence of power.I recently re-read the novel (I'm quite a bit older now) and while I still think Animal Farm is a remarkably insightful and clever novel, I couldn't help but feel that Orwell was lecturing to me.  Characters that once stood on their own, now felt like props being used by the author to make his point.  Napoleon isn't really an evil pig, he's Joseph Stalin (well, alright, I guess he is an evil pig).The parallels between actual human events and Orwell's fairy story made it a little more difficult for me to enjoy this novel as a work of fiction (but only a little).  That said, Orwell chose such a creative way to deliver his message that I found his efforts to educate not only enlightening but entertaining as well.The real strength of Animal Farm (as with 1984) is the way that Orwell illustrates the corruption of language and how words are used by totalitarian governments to control the working class, distort reality and re-write history.  The line: ""...but some animals are more equal than others"" is a perfect example of how language can be manipulated to justify outrageous abuses of the state.  This contradictory statement and distortion of the very concept of equality is nothing short of brilliant.Animal Farm is a parable well worth reading.*As a side note; I find it ironic that Orwell had the pigs rise to power because of their superior intellect.  While a certain degree of intelligence is required to assume control over any state there is no indication in the real world that the smartest members of society ever rise to power (in fact they are usually persecuted)."
"Animal Farm, by George Orwell is a book I would give 5 stars.  This book is about a group of animals that feel terrorized by their master the farmer.  With a collaborated effort, they sucessfully attempt to overthrow the farm.  They then become indipendant on their farm.  Run entirely by animals, they rightfully name it Animal Farm.  Very quickly after the farm is set up, do the pigs take over.  At the beggining all the animals are treated equally, but by the end of the book the pigs become greedy and having the pigs be the smartest they eventually take over the farm as the new farmers.  The story can be looked at on many different levels.  You can look at the story and think it is a nice little story about animals.  However, the story can also be takin into a political perspective.  The farmers at the begining of the story represent human tyrrany.  The pigs represent the leaders of the world all with good intentions, but as the old saying goes, power currupts.  The rest of the animals on the farm represent the people of this world, oblivious mostly to the outside world and believing what their leaders tell them.  That is why I give this book 5 stars out of 5, because the author did such a wonderful mixing modern day life into a kids story.  It is truly a masterpiece that is enjoyable to people of all ages, and is one that would be very enjoyable to read over and over.  If you enjoyed this book, I believe there are other books that will grab your attention like this one.  For example there is the book The Tales Of Desperaux.  It does not in fact have the same depth that animal farm contains. However, it is another tale of animals that struggle to keep themselves alive.  It is a fun and wild ride that will keep you busy for hours on end. I enjoy reading it is something I like to do in my spare time.  I can only read a book that I find interesting.  If I am a quarter way through the book and I do not like it I will put it away.  The books Animal Farm, and The Tales Of Desperaux are books that will grab your attention and hold it for the duration of the book. I go to Harris Road Middle School. I am in the seventh grade.  I have written this review for a school project, but to tell you the truth I would have probally written this review even if I diden't have to for school.  The book is that good."
"The introduction of this book is especially helpful and offers a different perspective. It contrasted the release of the book with the, then soon to be dropped, atomic bomb. This leads to the conclusion that the message of the book is aimed at the problems of socialism, showing that it was not going to work. From a timing point of view it fit right in to the events of that day.The lessons of the book can be applied not just to socialism but also to a variety of abuses of power in any day. Today the book could be contrasted with the election of 2006 and the change it caused for those in power.George Orwell used the farm animals as a ""fairy-story with political purpose"". As he said in the book he intended to show the effects of totalitarianism. He declared that he intended it to have a message rather than just be fun or entertaining. I prefer to take him at his word rather than to say it is really about something else, even if it points to a lot of other things. Rereading it always opens up new things it seems to be about.The pigs seemed to be, in the beginning, the organizers and the ones that understood the problem. The problem in the beginning is that they were not equal. Animals were not equal to people, that was the problem. Then they solved the problem and in doing so they eventually became the problem.A more current example of the ""farm yard"" might be our congress. One party controls it for years and the other sees all that is wrong and rises up and finally takes over. Then they lose their vision and just add ""pork"". Guess it is about ""pigs"" after all.The book is one of the best written on power. It shows clearly why it is abused and how easy it is for those that gain a little, with the best of motives, wind up misusing it.The conclusion in the book was that ""All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others"".This book is one to re and reread. It is easy to do in one sitting."
"If anyone is looking for a creative and enjoyable book to read, they should take a look at Animal Farm by George Orwell. This book is about a group of farm animals who are mistreated and abused by their owner, Mr. Jones. One day, the animals on Mr. Jones' farm rebel and exile him and all of his workers out of the farm. The animals run the farm together and start a Marxist lifestyle, dividing the work equally, making fair rations and deciding on farm issues as a whole, with all of the animals equal.. However, the pigs, led by two named Napoleon and Snowball, begin to gain control by slowly building up support. Napoleon, due to vast disagreements with Snowball, runs him out of the farm and takes complete control in leading the animals. From this point on, the lives of the animals, especially the pigs, change forever. Napoleon becomes a dictator, and nothing is the same, or for that matter, ever will be. This book is very unique. Unlike many books where the author has you following one or a few key characters, George Orwell tells the story of the farm as one. There are still main characters, but you are not necessarily following that one character throughout the entire book. One of the main characters is the pig Napoleon. He is very much like a dictator. Much like Hitler, he works his way into power by lying to gain support. Once he has that power, he takes total control of the farm and forces the other animals to follow him and do as he says through fear. The story of the animal farm reminds me of the rise of the Soviet Union: communism turning to totalitarianism. I enjoyed greatly Animal Farm. George Orwell uses very strong language and the storyline really draws you in. I also thought that the way he made his entire book a metaphor of the Soviet government was incredibly creative. The characters are quite similar to regular people in their personalities and speech except that they have several views and reactions that you might expect an animal to have as well as hatred towards humans and the way of life. His concept of animals running a farm on their own is very unique. Because this concept is so unusual and intriguing, the book is somewhat difficult to comprehend, reminding me of my experiences with Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury. These two authors put ideas into each of these books that are so far off from the norm that it is hard to see what it would be like to live in the book. You could describe Animal Farm is a mix between the uniqueness of Fahrenheit 451 and the theme of talking animals in Babe by Dick King-Smith. I would recommend this book to people that enjoy fables, especially ones involving politics. If you like books like Fahrenheit 451, you will enjoy this Animal Farm by George Orwell."
"Recently, I read George Orwell's famous novel, Animal Farm.  I was amazed at how much I liked reading it.  Orwell has an uncanny ability to present a seemingly simple, entertaining story, and embed in it with deep philosophical and political issues.  I have read two other works by Orwell, Shooting an Elephant and 1984, both of which possess the same type of political allegory that is demonstrated in Animal Farm.  The use of allegory in Orwell's story about an animal uprising in a typical British farm serves to enlighten the reader about common political issues in society.  When Animal Farm was first sold, some shop owners mistakenly place the novel in the children's section due to the simplicity and ""fictional"" nature of the book.  In actuality, the novel was written as a political allegory concerning old Communist Russia.Although the novel parallels perfectly with the Soviet Union's history, many social and political commonalities can be seen between the pigs and dogs and the governments of many modern countries.  In the beginning of the story, all of the animals take over the farm and establish a society in which all of the animals are essentially equal.  Each animal pledges to do equal amounts of work and do his/her part in creating a better life for themselves.  Much like the theories of Communism, the plan seems perfect, but as always, there are animals that strive to manipulate the system and gain more power than the other animals.  In the initial stages of the creation of the new farm, the animals write the rules which they pledge to follow on a wall.  As time progresses and the pigs want to gain power, they alter the rules slightly so that they will coincide with what the pigs desire.  For example, the initial fifth commandment of the animals read ""No animal shall drink alcohol,"" but after the pigs taste alcohol and decide that they like it, they alter the text so that it reads ""No animal shall drink alcohol to excess.""  The other animals feel like something is different about the rules but the pigs convince them that the rule has always been written that way.  Much like in 1984, the leaders (pigs) brainwash the other animals into forgetting about the true history so that it will not contradict what they say during the present.  This element of Animal Farm instills a sense of doubt in the reader that maybe the history that has been taught to him during his entire lifetime is simply a biased or cleverly fabricated story created by the corrupt leaders of the past.The most alarming twist of Orwell's novel is when the pigs decided to change the fundamental teachings of Major that four legs are bad, and two legs are good to the exact opposite.  Although pigs walking on their hind legs might seem humorous on the surface, it is a quite disturbing example of how the beliefs of someone can be completely altered by corrupt people who desire power and strive to achieve their own personal goals rather than the goals of the community.The fundamental purpose of Orwell's writings is to present politically and socially important issues disguised in well written stories to raise questions about our society and government.  Raising such questions is sometimes harder to do when speaking about those issues directly.  The use of literature to speak about important issues is very effective in that the reader can let his guard down while reading a work and see for himself the important issues presented in the work without having other people directly saying the same thing.  In presenting the issues in symbolic or metaphorical ways, the impact will be greater and the viewpoints will be more highly understood."
"George Orwell's Animal Farm is the story of Communism and Stalin put into an easy-to-understand fairy tale form. The book starts out with the hope of a rebellion, animals against humans. Major, the famous White Boar of the farm, tells of his observations over his lifetime. He tells how humans expect everything and give nothing, and how one day all the animals must rebel and become their own masters. Major also tells of a song, Beasts of England that has come to him via a dream. Beasts of England soon becomes an anthem for a new kind of Government, Animalism.With the quick overthrow of Mr. Jones, the farm is completely taken over by it's animals. The sign announcing ""Manor Farm"" is painted over with ""Animal Farm"".And so the story goes, winding its way through the story of Stalin's reign. Things start out near perfect. Group debates are held weekly, there is a surplus in food, everyone is equal, and most importantly: everyone is their own master.Everything stays great until a dispute between the two smartest animals on the farm, Napoleon and Snowball, both pigs, begins. Snowball would like to build a Windmill, saying that once it was complete it would save much work. Napoleon's opinion differs. He thinks that a windmill is too much work for not enough payback.In the final windmill debate, Napoleon says almost nothing, while Snow goes into a long and convincing speech about how they should build the windmill. All of a sudden dogs Napoleon has trained are unleashed and chase Snowball off the farm.Slowly, under the new leader Napoleon, Animal Farm becomes a full-fledged communist community. It starts out with simple things, like Napoleon getting apples and the others not. Then it turns more serious.Napoleon insists that all along he was for the Windmill, not against it and that Snowball was a cheating liar whose only goal was to deceive the animals. Everything becomes the former hero Snowball's fault. When the windmill is broken during a storm, it's Snowball sabotaging it.When Money is lost or there's a loss of food, Snowball must have been behind it.The pigs eventually break every one of the original Seven Commandments. Every time they do, they get a pig to paint a new clause onto the commandment they have broken. The unfortunately stupid animals can't understand what the pigs are doing. Every time one protests, they are forced back down by lies from the leaders and their minions.Confusing facts about how really the animals are living better lives and they can't tell are released. More and more lies are told until the animals can't even remember the ""good old days"".Finally the pigs step over the line and change the commandment, ""all animals are equal"" to ""all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.""Soon it is impossible to tell the human farmers from the pigs. The transformation is complete.This book is an amazing look into the horrors of Communism. It shows both how great and awful it can be, all it takes is a fabulous or fabulously awful leader to change the way.I recommend this book to EVERYONE. It's a must-read to fully understand what Stalin's reign must have been like. Five stars are fully deserved and awarded to this amazing author, George Orwell."
"A generation ago, the sight of the cover of George Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" was common in junior high school hallways, along with ""Lord Of The Flies,"" ""A Separate Peace,"" and ""Catcher In The Rye."" Re-reading the book today reminds me of why Orwell is considered so brilliant and beyond-his-time in a Mark Twain/Jonathan Swift way. But for me at least, this remains the least fun of all those junior high masterpieces.The animals at Manor Farm have had enough of Mr. Jones' despotic rule. Inspired by the deathbed speech of the prize pig Major, they rebel and kick the farmer and his wife out, rename their home ""Animal Farm,"" and declare they will henceforth not have any interaction with humans, creating an animal utopia that will hopefully inspire other farm animals in England, Ireland, and points beyond.""Animal Farm"" is a short book, told as an allegorical fable, and Orwell's tone in telling his tale seems exactly right, depicting without emotion the gradual corruption of this supposed paradise. The novel presents clear parallels to the then-existing situation in the U.S.S.R. and contains a dead-on attack on its despotic leader, Josef Stalin, here presented as an opportunistic pig named Napoleon who bends the animal's classless utopia to his own self-aggrandizing ends.The book holds up today, long after the toppling of Soviet communism, because it's an elastic comment on how those hungry for power can manipulate altruistic ideals with the help of shameless propaganda and a population that is either fooled into believing its leaders, or too cowed to do much more than mutter about them.Most of the fun I get from ""Animal Farm"" is in the form of trying to guess what specific characters and events are meant to represent. Major seems to be based on Karl Marx, while Snowball, the pig who leads the Revolution before being betrayed and exiled by Napoleon, seems to combine the early Soviet revolutionaries Lenin and Trotsky. You can quibble with some of Orwell's apparent parallels, like the strained interaction between Napoleon and the neighboring farms, meant to suggest Hitler's Germany and Chamberlain's England. Stalin, for all his faults, didn't completely overturn the Soviet ideals he inherited.But he does get an awful lot right. It's noteworthy that the corruption of the Revolution begins even before Snowball's ouster, when we learn about the fate of the milk and the pigs' appropriation of the apples for themselves, a rare point of agreement between Napoleon and Snowball. While Stalin is the focus of Orwell's scorn, clearly he sensed something was rotten in the situation up front, before the purges and show trials.Except for the part when the pigs discover booze, ""Animal Farm"" lacks humor. More problematically, the characters lack sympathetic dimension, even the noble horse Boxer. Orwell wants us to get the point Boxer represents the dim-witted common man, bending himself to Napoleon's will, but since he has little to say except ""I will work harder"" and ""Napoleon is always right,"" it's hard to care about his sad fate, or that of the others.Orwell was a brilliant man, but a depressing one, and that holds true here. Orwell later called ""Animal Farm"" his attempt ""to fuse political purpose and artistic purpose into one whole,"" but my one caveat with this otherwise terrific book is that the political accomplishment clearly outweighs the artistic."
"George Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is often praised for its biting criticism of the Soviet Union, and I add to this praise; if ever there was a finer critique of Soviet policy, I have yet to see it.  But one particular aspect of Orwell's work scares me more than the fading scepter of totalitarianism: namely, the ability of Napoleon to manipulate language to increase his power and authority.  Orwell recognized the importance of language in an informed, intelligent society; he also recognized that when language was tampered with by those with ulterior motives (see advertising today), the meaning and relevance of words were injured.  Note in particular the Seven Commandments; they begin as idealistic mantras, indicative of high ideals and toting meaning in every word.  But soon they are ""dumbed down"" to one simplistic phrase: ""Four legs good, two legs bad.""  After the exile of Snowball and the end of all meaningful discussion on the farm, Napoleon takes liberties to slightly alter the commandments, and with just a few words he essentially negates them.  Only a handful of animals can even detect the alterations to their core ideology, and this small group is not about to speak out against Napoleon, whose power is virtually abolute.This warping of language is a primary tool for the pigs of Animal Farm, and is a predecessor of the extreme sterilization of language evident in ""1984.""  This terrifies me.  My work with words is some of my best work, and I mean what I say; thus, seeing how language is able to be distorted and devalued makes me wary of advertisers and politicians, both of whom are notorious for spinning the truth.  In the end, ""Animal Farm"" is not only a testimony against Soviet communism, but against the distortion of language.  Words were invented to convey reality; when they are tampered with, so is reality, so is the truth."
"Through a coincidence of history, Animal Farm appeared in stores the same month that the atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The irony of this publication date for one of the most politicized novels of the 20th century did not escape its early readers, or its author. Orwell made no secret of the fact that his writing, and Animal Farm in particular, was single-mindedly focused on the obliteration of totalitarian regimes. Animal Farm, while obviously referring to the general scope of all forms of totalitarian governments, may be seen as a satire of the Russian Revolution of 1917 in particular. Because of this controversial subject matter, British publishing houses were loathe to take on Orwell's work, and he was rejected throughout his entire first round of publishing attempts. Upon the novel's eventual publication in 1945, however, Orwell was instantly famous.  Animal Farm is set on an English farm named Manor Farm, owned by Mr. Jones. The fable-like story concerns the rebellion of the farm animals, and is told entirely from their point of view. The story opens with Mr. Jones stumbling into bed, unable to lock up the farm properly after a night of excessive whisky drinking. Old Major, the venerable and well-respected pig, has called all the animals together for a meeting to take place after Mr. Jones has gone to bed, and they gather outside the big barn on the farm. Old Major tells them all that he had a miraculous dream last night, in which he saw his approaching death, and also understood more clearly the life of animals. He wants to impart his realizations to the rest of the animals while he still can, as well as rouse them to take the action that he has come to feel is necessary. Soon after, the animals rebel, and the Animalism regime begins.  This book is a definite must-read for everyone and I give it five stars."
"The story Animal Farm by George Orwell was a compelling one.  No wonder the cliched saying to not judge a book by its cover is used so much.  My dad urged me to choose this as my book, and unwillingly, I went with it.  The only reason why I chose this book was because I love animals and I love discussing books with my dad.  I was amazed when I couldn't seem to put it down.The story opens with telling of a farm.  We could compare the dreams of these enslaved animals with those of our own.  How we want freedom and to work for ourselves.  People everywhere strive to be rich, popular, or independent whereas the animals in the story dream to be free.  The dream takes another step when a faithful and well respected pig with the name of Old Major sang a song entitled The Beasts of England and gave an uprising speech of a world where human no longer walked the grass of England.  In this world, there was plenty of food and not a whip in sight.  Old Major seemed to make this an achievement definitely worth fighting for, so thus they began to make their dream a reality.Throughout the story, I read as the pigs slowly changed the rules to suit their needs.  They took advantage of the dumber of the animals and their power over them.  The animals didn't complain.  In their minds, they were free. They did not notice how Napoleon was slowly enslaving them once more.Orwell tells of how power corrupts everybody.  To me, I feel this book tells of how dreams are dreams and they aren't meant to live.  They are a promise of a better future or a hope of a new tomorrow.  These promises and hopes are not to be kept.  In reality, life will come with its struggles no matter how well you eat or work.  Benjamin seemed to be the only creature on this farm to realize what I have realized.  ""Only old Benjamin professed to remember every detail of his long life and to know that things never had been, nor ever could be much better of much worse--hunger, hardship, and disappointment being, so he said, the unalterable law of life.""  It gave me chills at the end of the story when I read the last sentence.  I think it'd be best to conclude this review with that one sentence.  ""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which."""
"Animal Farm, by George Orwell, represents how communism, designed to aid the public, really does the opposite.  In addition, the book shows the horrifying consequences of totalitarianism, as well as the pluses of Democracy.  For example, in the beginning of the book, Manor Farm is controlled by Mr. Jones, a cruel man who frequently gets drunk and often forgets to feed the animals.  Then, suddenly, the animals of Manor Farm rebel.  They kick Mr. Jones out of his own farm and take over.  The farm is now dubed ""Animal Farm.""  Immediately, the animals realize that they need a ruler. It seems that Snowball, a very smart pig, is suited for the job.  Animal Farm is running smoothly, with snowball as the farms ruler, until Napoleon, another very smart pig, has his say.  He had been training nine large and scary dogs since their birth, training them in his own ways.  In a meeting with all of the animals, while Snowball is speaking, the nine dogs burst into the meeting and chase Snowball out of the barn.  Napoleon then becomes ruler.  No one dared to disobey him, for they do not want to feel the wrath of the nine, terrifying dogs.  As ruler of Animal Farm, Napoleon steadily uses his power more and more.  In the end, Napoleon is punishing animals with death and acting like humans.  He uses his power to the fullest in the worst way possible.  Additionally, in the last few pages of the book, the pigs are having a meeting with the humans.  They praise each other and are having an enjoyable meal until a fight breaks out.  That is when the animals realize that they are being used just as much as they were with Mr. Jones.  They have no say or rights; all they can do is work or die.  They are living with communism.The strengths of this book are that it is realistic, not in the sense of the characters but that it shows what communism is.  Also, in this book you can relate to the characters even though they are animals.  The weakness of this book is that it is a short read."
"The book Animal Farm is a fantastic illustration of communism in the world today. Fiurst, an old pig on an English farm has a dream about the animals rebelling against the humans. The old pig dies, but his dream still lives  on with the animals. Then, the animals rebellion happens unexpectedly  because the farmer has not fed them. The humans were run off the farm.  Also, there is a rivalry on the farm between two pigs. One is named  Napoleon, and one is named Snowball. The rivalry ends when Snowball gets  forced off the farm by Napoleon's guards. Then Napoleon is in total control  of the farm. He alters the commmandments that Snowball had written. Next,  the pigs on the farm have broken all of their animal traits. The animals on  the farm are unable to tell teh difference between the pigs and the humans.  It's like the pigs are a reflection of the humans. Due to the reason above  this book reflects how communism occurs in countries.  I would  definitely recommend people read Animal Farm. First, this book shows a  reflection of human nature in a communist environment. It shows the pigs on  the farm taking what they need to get a task done. Napoleon eleminates  anybody that gets in his way of ruling the farm. Also, the book shows a  great deal of teamwork between the animals. The animals on the farm built a  windmill and a storm destroyed it, and they just worked harder and faster  to build another windmill. Finally, it shows a good relationship amongst  the animals on the farm. Boxer, a work horse, was a role model for  everybody on the farm besides the pigs. He would never give up on anything.  He always would work harder and faster to get things done. He would make  certain sacrifices to help the farm. Overall, I think people should read  Animal Farm."
"I remember reading this book as a child, and taking it on face value as a story about some animals who took over a farm.  As children's stories go this is quite realistic.  I had no idea that I was reading a literary  classic.  I think in many ways this gave an impact and fascination to  reading the story as a teenager, and discovering it's deeper levels, that I  would otherwise not have experienced.  Orwell's linguistic philosophy, less  is more, makes this book accessible to the upper end of the Junior School.  For this reason I have decided to include it in my folder.  The story,  in case you didn't know, involves a farm, Manor Farm.  I always imagined it  was in Cornwall, but I guess I did grow up there.  The farmer treats the  all the animals badly, except for the dogs of course.  The animals, lead by  the pigs - being supposedly the most intelligent farm animal, revolt and  take over the farm.  The animals decide to redefine the boundaries of what  a farm can be.  To make farm where everyone is equal, where everyone does  just what he can and receives just what he needs.  Animal Farm.  There is a  power struggle between the two leading pigs Napoleon and Snowball.  Snowball is chased out of the farm, never to return.  From then on the farm  gradually descends into a familiar pattern of the oppressed and the  oppressors.  By the end of the book we are asking ourselves what has  changed from when the humans ran the farm.  He looked from man to pig, and  from pig to man.  But already it was impossible to tell which was which.  I would assume that you know that the book is a parable of the Russian  Revolution, and of revolutions in general.  It is quite specific in  comparisons.  Napoleon and Snowball represent Stalin and Trotsky.  Squealer  represents the media.  Boxer is the uneducated but committed peasant, and  the burning of his hat is the destruction of much of that would have been  useful to the revolution.  I could go on but I shan't.  I would be  surprised if many 9 year olds pick up on this alternative level of  comprehension, and even more surprised if they were interested if it was  pointed out to them.  The book taken literally however has a lot to offer  children.  It deals with themes with which they are all familiar.  Trust  and betrayal.  Fear, bullying, anger. Right and wrong. Justice and  injustice.  The same questions can be asked of the book, but without  realising the comparison with the Russian Revolution.  Just because thing  didn't work out, did that make the animals wrong to revolt in the first  place?  Could things have turned out differently, or were thing bound to  turn out as they did?  Above all else though Animal farm is a well written,  well told story, which many children would enjoy."
"George Orwell set out to write a stark criticism of Stalinist Russia.  He accomplished that much in a startlingly effective way.  But what has he really told us?  What actually made Stalinist Russia turn out the way it did?  Was the evil in the ""animals"" that meted out their torture to the rank-and-file, or was it in the IDEAS that spawned these animals?  Orwell does not explore these ideas at all, so he never gets to the root of what happened on the farm, or in Soviet Russia, for that matter.  He compellingly shows us that  tyranny and murder are horrible, but we KNOW that already.  He never comes close to the real issue here:  what  ALLOWED these horrible things to take place, and how do we prevent it from taking place on other ""farms""?  Orwell, unfortunately, offers his readers no insight there.Orwell even seems to imply that, had Snowball (or Trotsky) been able to wrest power away from Napoleon (or Stalin), that everything would have been better.  He fails to recognize that giving ANYONE that kind of power over individuals necessarily ends in disaster.  Any ideology that demands the self immolation of the individual for the ""good"" of the collective leads to the destruction of the individual, and, eventually even to the destruction of the collective (i.e., all individuals).  Unfortunately, with Orwell's book as our only guidance, we are left scratching our heads when looking for the answer to ""why"", and left helpless against  any POTENTIAL dictator who tells us he has the REAL answers.Read this book for its sensory value, then pick up THE OMINOUS PARALLELS by Leonard Peikoff (non-fiction) for a credible response to the questions Orwell leaves, not only unanswered, but unasked."
"Although the book is written to illustrate how Russia went from the Czar's rule to socialism and how the socialistic system failed to do what it was supposed to do.  It is a guide book that shows how socialism is instilled in any society by using unrealistic goals and then lying about everything to try to convince the people that the system is working well.  When the people finally wake up to the misrepresentations and start to complain, they are met with an iron hand that knows no mercy. Despite the intent to illustrate the progression of Russian rule to the totalitarianism of Stalin, Mussolini, and yes, Hitler, it is a frightening illustration of how far the United States has been led in the same direction. Though Russia went through an openly bloody revolution, both Hitler and Mussolini charmed the people into accepting and actually welcoming their eventual loss of freedom and managed to hide and justify the slaughter of anyone who objected or stood in their way.Despite the characters being depicted as animals, which gives a lighter and more entertaining character to the story, the underlying message is very serious, and should be required reading for overly idealistic college students who are prime targets for socialist indoctrination. The analogy is obvious, and at this time in the United States, it is frightening.Encourage people to read this book, especially Liberals who think their socialistic ideals are something new, and are actually workable.  They have no idea of how many times, and how miserably, socialism has failed, and always ends up turning into a ruthless totalitarian government, where, as they say, ""Everyone is equal, but some are more equal than others."""
"George Orwell's allegory Animal Farm conveys a strong political message in a universal manner.  Stereotypical characters and cycles in Animal Farm illustrate how oppressive governments exert their power over the masses.  Written in 1943, as an allegory to Stalin's brutal reign in the Soviet Union  Animal Farm  outlines how a socialist system can shift towards totalitarian. The corrupt owner of Manor Farm, Mr. Jones, is driven off his land after the wisest of the animals, old Major, has a vision.  Driven to starvation and ignited by Old Major's speech, the animals launch a rebellious insurrection.  In the period after Jones is driven off the farm, all animals coexist in momentary harmony.  A system of government called Animalism is developed under which codes of conduct are introduced in the form of commandments.  While the paint from the commandments is still wet, the pigs begin to manipulate their fellow animals. Blatant propaganda is the device used to shepherd the weaker animals into the exploitative pigs regime.  Napoleon is the quintessential Stalin both in character and tactics. The very vices and ways of man, once rebelled against, are adopted by the dominating pigs emphasizing the theme: a powerful class need not censor itself, once established. The theme of  ignorance runs rampant in Animal Farm.  The destruction of Animalism and the behavior of the ignorant are intended to impassion the reader, as well as educate mass society.  Orwell's brilliance outlines the nature of  power struggles in the relationship of animal to master.  Through the manipulation of these relationships Orwell is able to create a universal political message that is as relevant today as it was when it was written."
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
"Animal Farm allegorizes the rise to power of the dictator Joseph Stalin. In the novella, the overthrow of the human oppressor Mr. Jones by a democratic coalition of animals quickly gives way to the consolidation of power among the pigs. Much like the Soviet intelligentsia, the pigs establish themselves as the ruling class in the new society.The struggle for preeminence between Trotsky and Stalin emerges in the rivalry between the pigs Snowball and Napoleon; the idealistic but politically less powerful figure (Trotsky and Snowball) is expelled from the revolutionary state by the malicious and violent usurper of power (Stalin and Napoleon). The purges and show trials with which Stalin eliminated his enemies and solidified his political base find expression in Animal Farm as the false confessions and executions of animals whom Napoleon distrusts following the collapse of the windmill. Stalin's tyrannical rule and eventual abandonment of the founding principles of the Russian Revolution are represented by the pigs' turn to violent government and the adoption of human traits and behaviors, the trappings of their original oppressors.  The novella critiques the violence of the Stalinist regime against the human beings it ruled, and also points to Soviet communism's violence against human logic, language, and ideals.Animal Farm illustrates how classes that are initially unified in the face of a common enemy, as the animals are against the humans, may become internally divided when that enemy is eliminated. The expulsion of Mr. Jones creates a power vacuum, and it is only so long before the next oppressor assumes totalitarian control. The natural division between intellectual and physical labor quickly comes to express itself as a new set of class divisions, with the ""brainworkers"" (as the pigs claim to be) using their superior intelligence to manipulate society to their own benefit.One of the novel's most impressive accomplishments is its portrayal not just of the figures in power but also of the oppressed people themselves. Animal Farm is not told from the perspective of any particular character, though occasionally it does slip into Clover's consciousness. Rather, the story is told from the perspective of the common animals as a whole. Gullible, loyal, and hardworking, these animals give Orwell a chance to sketch how situations of oppression arise not only from the motives and tactics of the oppressors but also from the navet of the oppressed, who are not necessarily in a position to be better educated or informed. When presented with a dilemma, Boxer prefers not to puzzle out the implications of various possible actions but instead to repeat to himself, ""Napoleon is always right."" Animal Farm demonstrates how the inability or unwillingness to question authority condemns the working class to suffer the full extent of the ruling class's oppression.In Animal Farm, the pigs gradually twist and distort a rhetoric of socialist revolution to justify their behavior and to keep the other animals in the dark. The animals heartily embrace Old Major's visionary ideal of socialism, but after Old Major dies, the pigs gradually twist the meaning of his words. As a result, the other animals seem unable to oppose the pigs without also opposing the ideals of the Rebellion. By the end of the novella, after Squealer's repeated reconfigurations of the Seven Commandments in order to decriminalize the pigs' treacheries, the main principle of the farm can be openly stated as ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL, BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS."" This outrageous abuse of the word ""equal"" and of the ideal of equality in general typifies the pigs' method, which becomes increasingly audacious as the novel progresses. Orwell's sophisticated exposure of this abuse of language remains one of the most compelling and enduring features of Animal Farm, worthy of close study even after we have decoded its allegorical characters and events."
"The book was way ahead of it's time, it was written around the second World War.  At the beginning a pig named Old Major gives the rest of the animals on the farm the idea to revolt against  the humans running the  farm.  Old Major soon dies in an accident, but his memory doesn't, and the  animals conduct the revolt.  It's succesful!  The pigs immediately are  recognized as the leaders of the farm.  There are two major pigs  that  never agree on anything, their names are Snowball and Napoleon.  One day  the two pigs are in a heated argument over whether or not to build a  windmill.  Napoleon sees that the animals will vote for Snowball's idea to  build it, so Napoleon chases him off the farm.  It then becomes a  communistic enviroment where everyone slaves away in the fields all day and  barely get enough rations to live, except for the pigs.  By the end of the  book Snowball is used as a scapegoat for every little thing piece of bad  fortune.  By the end of the book the other animals can't tell the  difference between the humans and the Pigs.  This book is very  interesting and very good. I would definitely reccomend it.  One great  thing about the book is that the characters are all animals.  Napoleon is  very interesting, because even though he's a pig he teaches himself how to  read, write, and trains himself in architecture and battle tactics.  If you  want to read a book that will leave you saying, ""Whoa,"" or if you  just want to read a great book Animal Farm is for you."
"Animal Farm, a book full of ""pig""-headed beasts! When reading this book my emotions ranged from being sympathetic with the animals in the beginning to pitying the animals for their stupidity. I felt bad when Mr. Jones would work the animals hard and only feed them enough to get by. But my sympathy turned to pity when the animals fell for Napoleons propaganda (squealer's speeches). After finishing the book I realized how bad totalitarianism is and despised Napoleon for becoming such a power hungry ""pig"". My favorite character was probably Clover. She was my favorite because she was pretty smart and didn't always agree with Napoleon right away. She questioned his and the other pigs' behavior. She was the only animal that would realize every time Napoleon  changed a commandment. She was also very nurturing and mother like towards the other animals. I really liked how everything in the book paralleled something in Russian history. It was really interesting to try and figure out what everything meant. I also really liked the book because it was an easy read and I had no trouble trying to figure out what happened. George Orwell did a wonderful job showing how totalitarianism is bad and eventually will not work in favor of the people or animals in this case. I really enjoyed how he used a story about animals to explain the effects of totalitarianism. It turned something that otherwise could be a boring subject into a story about a farm. I learned a lot about totalitarianism in this book. I knew that it was bad prior to reading the book but I had no idea how it affected the people the so badly. I always used to wonder why the people never fought against a dictator but after reading this book I realize that sometimes the people don't even now how bad they have it. I thought that the end of the book was sort of disappointing. I wanted the ending to include a big downfall of Napoleon since he was such a horrible leader to the animals. But instead the book ended with Napoleon being happy and still in control. There are a few things I still don't understand. I don't know what the windmill in the book represents in Russian history. I also didn't understand the ending. Why couldn't you tell the difference between the pigs and the humans? and What does that represent in history? I would definitely recommend this book. It is a very interesting book to read in either an English class or a history class. I wouldn't recommend this book to someone to read outside of school because the book is much more interesting when you can compare it to the Russian history. I don't know if I would read another book by this author. This particular book was interesting because it was so accurately representing an actual country's government. I might read another book by this author if there was another book that included this quality. Overall Animal Farm is an ""oink""-ing good time to read!"
"This is a terrible edition created  of the classic whose copyright has expired.It has been poorly formatted (font is too small and ugly) and badly printed.it is not worth it, even at the low price .It is also worrisome that the publisher is listed on the products page on Amazonbut this is not mentioned anywhere in the book itself. why not?"
"George Orwell's classic satire of Stalin's Communistic state of the old USSR still can teach us a lesson. Orwell uses a farm and its animals in a well thought out parody substituting animals for the main characters involved in the Russian Revolution unto the establishment of a Communistic State. For example the prize Middle White boar named the Old Major is suppose to represent the father of Communism Karl Marx.  The Berkshire boar named Napoleon represents the long time Russian Dictator Joseph Stalin. Orwell uses these characters to show the development of a treacherous and diabolical form of government.  In his quick and concise prose, Orwell shows the evolution of political brainwashing to develop a totalitarian form of government. The Author presents a rather less than desirable picture of a government who at this time was indeed a major Ally of both Great Britain and the United States. Indeed when this book was published in Great Britain in 1945 and the USA in 1946 it was censored by many governmental and non governmental organizations.  This book indeed did touch the very essence of the political turmoil in the beginning years of the Cold War.  It represents a brazen look at a brutal form of government. I realize that this form of Communism is extinct.  But please take heed, we all can learn from Orwell's satirical dissertation of a dysfunctional farm. A Classic read!  A Must!!  6 Stars!!!"
"After reading ""Animal Farm"" it's easy to walk away feeling dejected and downtrodden. During the course of a lifetime, an adolescent's early admiration for Napoleon's power and cunning turns gradually toward empathy for the plight of Benjamin - the farm's resident cynic. Donkeys have long memories, and Benjamin is no exception. He has lived long enough to know that one should not favor rhetoric over experience. Fortunately, after fifty-years since the book was first published, it continues to be read in schools across America. Eric Blair, whose pseudonym was George Orwell, made the purpose of his writing very clear :""Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism... ""Animal Farm"" was the first book in which I tried, with full consciousness of what I was doing, to fuse political purpose and artistic purpose into one whole."" - ""Why I Write"" (1947)Reading ""Animal Farm"" has become as emblematic for American education as singing ""Beasts of England"" was for Animalism. Interestingly, despite being a product of the post-war era, Orwell utilizes themes that predate the advent of Communism by nearly 2500 years. The Greek writer, Aesop, wrote a fable entitled ""The Frogs Who Demanded a King"" whose moral was:""It is better to be ruled by passive, worthless men who bear no spitefulness (e.g. Mr. Jones, Manor Farm) than by productive but wicked ones (e.g. Napoleon, Animal Farm)."" - ""Aesop: The Complete Fables"" (1998)In addition, the cart-horse Boxer's sense of duty, hard work, and false hope resembles the ancient Greek myth of Sisyphus. Even the transition of Manor Farm to Animal Farm and back again resembles the four stages of government outlined in Plato's Republic - monarchy, oligarchy, democracy, and tyranny. Unfortunately for the reader, Greek thought tended to be rather deterministic; leaving us with little hope when reading ""Animal Farm"" within this deeper context. Even C.M. Woodhouse, the conservative British Member of Parliament from Oxford, who wrote the book's introduction, tells us that the moral of the story is: ""Life is like that - take it or leave it.""Are we to accept this? This conflicts with our innate sense of justice. For example, is it fair (or even inevitable) that certain classes in society should enjoy more privilege and prestige, though they contribute less than others, solely because of their unique, yet, intangible knack for organizing and leading? Orwell raises this issue when he writes:""The pigs did not actually work, but directed and supervised the others. With their superior knowledge it was natural that they should assume the leadership"" (35)... ""We pigs are brainworkers. The whole management and organization of this farm depend on us"" (42).But while the whole of Greek philosophy seems to disproportionately weigh in favor of Benjamin's perspective on life; we must surely ask ourselves whether or not there exists some positive purpose as to why this book continues to be read so ubiquitously. After all, we read ""Animal Farm"" with the implied understanding that some good shall come from it. Fortunately, we may find solace in the political philosophy of Englishman, John Stuart Mill. He advocated a style of participatory democracy. Perhaps Mill can breathe new hope into politics, provided people accept their civic responsibility and remain vigilant. We must not become despondent like Benjamin. Otherwise we risk losing our freedoms by living under the yolk of tyrants like Napoleon."
"When in high school the head of English lit. deemed it a wiser or safer choice to go with 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' and Laurie Lee's 'Cider With Rosie' than Orwell's classic. What a regrettable decision that was; because it was not until 20 years after graduation that I finally got to read this seminal work. A work that has such profound possibilities to shape the minds of readers both young and old alike that I wonder if we shouldn't be prescribing books like that in our schools instead of Shakespeare? To call a work 'seminal' or to say that it is worthy of actually making a 'prescribed reading' list is no mean feat and there are really comparatively few books worthy of such adoration; this though is surely one of them. Whether you agree with the books political or moral standpoint or not is an irrelevancy that should have no bearing on your desire to read or prescribe this book.In being desirous of understanding this text, it is firstly important to understand just what we are presented with here, for this book is NOT an overtly political or subversive anti-communist thesis (despite what Orwell may have originally intended). What it is in fact, is a precise, poignant, cutting  and very astute examination of human nature; the motives, desires and inner reflections of humanity and the internal struggles we all face. What I found most impressive about this work was that as a critique of humanity and the complexities of hierarchical societies it is an examination that resounds as strongly now as it did in 1946. Especially in the wake of 11/9 and the measures that have been introduced to 'protect'  and 'guard' the people by various governments around the globe, not to mentions how far from the truth we have been lead by the 'news' media. When one considers the impact the media had in back in the '70s, in bringing the terror of Vietnam home to the news-stands  and the enormous social and political repercussions that spread outwards from that; who would have thought that a mere quarter of a century later the public would have gradually succumb to the acceptance of what before was seemingly unacceptable... sound familiar? Animal Farm, where ""all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others""."
"Animal Farm tells the story of a workers revolution betrayed. It uses the personification of animals to tell the story which is based upon the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia. Although Orwell himself was a devout socialist, the book is fueled by his desire to deconstruct the Soviet  Communist myth, and warn against innocence in any political system.The  story begins when Major (Karl Marx), the prize middle white boar, foretells  a time of animal utopia. His vision is encapsulated into seven commandments  under which all animals shall live.The animals revolt against the owner of the farm, Mr. Jones (Czar Nicholas) in order to realize their dream of justice and equality, which they label Animalism (Marxism). For a time Animalism nears fruition until two pigs Napoleon (Stalin) and Snowball (Trotsky) struggle for the direction of the farm. From there, Animal Farm descends into a totalitarian state with each of the seven commandments being modified to justify the pigs' violence and greed. The ending is brilliant (tease line).Even with the information of this short  summary, Animal Farm is a brilliant story and a perfect read. Everyone need  read this book. Everyone will glean something from it. On one level it  is a great and engrossing fairy tale. A real page-turner with eye opening  concepts.  On another level it's an allegory of the Bolshevik Revolution  with each animal representing the participants.  Read it on any level you  desire - just read it. Then read it again.  On every level, George  Orwell's, Animal Farm is as relevant today as it was when it was published  at the end of World War II.  The message is a universal one."
"George Orwell's Animal farm, a political allegory of the extraordinary events of The Russian Revolution, was republished by Penguin Books in 1989. This complex book isn't as simple as first thought, Orwell referred to it as a fairytale but infact is a short enjoyable novel. This book is what I was told to expect it's wonderful and a real thrilling and a splendid read. Although it was first wrote in the 1950's its still as good as  first written. This clever book will let you drift away and watch the hours fly by. On first reading this book I was amazed at the way Orwell managed to take a complicated issue such as the Russian Revolution and turn it into an enjoyable, informative read. Old major dreamt of a loving peaceful world, free of all men and so the animal's rebel against farmer Jones and so he soon gives up the fight. But things don't turn out to plan and things soon go wrong. All the animals should have been equal but the more clever ones soon start to take control. Napoleon, who becomes the main leader after much deliberation, gets a loyal pig, squealer, to distort the truth on what's happening behind the lines. If you like a fun, pleasurable, different book about animals rebelling against their master and the Russian Revolution then this is the book for you. It's interesting, complex it has a lot of excitement and is first class it's a good fun read and I recommend that you read it but isn't one of the best books ever published as some people may say."
"2008 is the ideal time to apply the principles that we have learned from Animal Farm and apply them to November's 2008 Presidential election.  Just as Napolean, the pig, instigated a rebellion against the owner of the farm (Jones) by talking about how great things will be once the animals ruled the farm, today we are told by the Obama Democrats that once Bush and the Republicans are thrown off the farm (Washington), that all will be well, that things will look wonderful, and that none of us will ever be hungry again.  In Animal Farm, though, the animals were far worse off after Mr. Jones was kicked off the farm.  Like Obama, Napolean also did not have any experience in running a farm, but this did not stop him from stating that he would be more competent and able to handle the farm.  Further, once Napolean took charge of the farm, the interests of the other animals started to decline more and more.  He started to remove any sense of democratic principles by eliminating the need for public comment and strongly took action against any potential dissent.  This is exactly where the Obama Democrats want to take our country--first, by stating that they (and he alone) can manage the country -- even though there is no experience to suggest that he ought to, and secondly, by eliminating any form of dissent by destroying talk radio and also by heavily regulating and taxing the internet in order to suppress the one free and open medium that is available to counter their message.  The lesson of Animal Farm is clear:  those who claim to provide us with utopia on earth often will create hell instead through dictatorship, centralization of authority, and a desire to obtain power for power's sake.  If we learn the lessons of Animal Farm, our nation will be far better off."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell was on a highly controversial subject when it was published in 1945.  The book itself is a metaphor to the communist regime in Russia.  For example the pigs are the communist leaders, the dogs are the secret police, and the other animals are the peasants just trying to survive another day. I liked this book because of the author's ability to show the themes without much in-between the lines reading.  Plus, the metaphors are obvious and exaggerated.  For example, one of the themes in this book was that people can and will go to any means to seize and maintain power. Orwell shows, Napoleon, a pig resembling Stalin, takes new born puppies with him to the attic of the barn for several months where he gains their trust and teaches them that he is always good and Snowball, Napoleon's brother, is bad.  Once Napoleon had trained the puppies he had them go out and exile Snowball, and when four pigs protested that Napoleon had no right to do that he quickly ordered his dogs to silence them.  Once that had been taken care of some animals confessed to seeing Snowball in a dream, he put them to the same punishment as the four pigs.  At some points the food in the farm was so scarce that Napoleon had the animals on quarter rations and himself on obesity rations, the reason he did this was to brag to other farmers how much better off his farm was than any human's. In my opinion this was a great book about how communism is another totalitarian government because people can and will go to any means to seize and maintain power.  I give George Orwell a lot of credit for writing this book criticizing our former World War II allies at the time he did."
"Orwell's _Animal Farm_ is brilliant.  Its genius works on several levels: it is easy (and dare I say it? fun) to read.  It is an accurate commentary on power and is a biting criticism of post-revolutionary Russia.After the animals take over a farm, rules are established to create an egalitarian society.  Gradually, the rules are amended, dissent is estinguished, and ultimately, the pigs rule as brutally and ruthlessly as the farmer.Highly recommended."
"I finished reading Animal Farm with one critique: there was no emotion, which is unlike George Orwell.  BUT, upon further dissection of the book, I understand why Orwell wrote it so.  It was apart of his central theme.  Other than that, the book was great.  Great story and lesson that should be taught worldwide.  It is a classic that truly earns this title."
"Animal Farm is a story about authority and how it affects people and the way things work. It also makes fun of the government and what some people think the government is like. In this book, the animals overthrow Manor Farm and rename it Animal Farm. The animals want to prove that they are better than Man and can do everything he can. The pigs take charge and come up with seven commandments that they and the rest of the animals must follow. They also determine the retireing age and how rations will be divided amongst themselves. The pigs end up evil and do away with a few characters that they feel are not assetes to the farm. Overall, Animal Farm was a great book. Animal Farm makes you think about different things a lot. It makes you wonder if the world you live in is as diplomatic as you thought it was and how many things are kept secret from the public. It also makes you ask yourself what would happen if animals really were smarter than us and suddenly had a revolution. Everything would be turned upside down and the world would be crazier than it is today. George Orwell depicts the characters in such a vivid way, that you can see everyone deliberating and doing their work and whatnot. You can see all of the battles against the farmers and the pigs talking to everyone and everything else that's going on during the story. Animal Farm is a book you have to read a few times so you can make sure you didn't miss any of the many underlying themes it has. It gives you a bigger perspective of the world and makes you realize that things may not always be the way someone makes you think that they are. This book is great if you like that kind of thing."
"The version of Animal Farm I read included illustrations by Ralph Steadman. After reading this, I am of the opinion that all of my books should have illustrations. Why did we give this up? Because we matured? Because intelligent minds don't require pictures with their words? Maybe because of publishing costs? I don't know, but I LOVE them. And in this case, Steadman did a brilliant job capturing the essence of the story with his art.  And isn't that what stories are, is art?  Why not match art with art?As for the story itself, it's a damn good one. Writers have debated whether Orwell purposefully intended the allegorical themes when he set out to write Animal Farm. Knowing Orwell and having read his `Politics and English Language', I would guess the allegory was intentional. But we don't know that for sure, do we?No matter your political affiliation, you cannot deny the sharp pictures (the word pictures, in this meaning), the characterization, and the real-life dynamic that Orwell created in Animal Farm. Each chapter and each change of the seven rules of Animal Farm brought about a clever meaning, both in life and in the base of the story.The fact that this story does take allegorical form is what kept me turning the pages (and the pictures; I can't discredit those wonderful pictures--this meaning in, well, picture form). Yes, I could see certain politicians taking the part of the pig, but a part of me wonders how much pig there is in each of us. Or, how much barking dog, or much working horse, or how much bleating sheep, chanting ""four legs good, two legs better!""  And when a book causes this much afterthought, it is a truly great book."
"George Orwell's ANIMAL FARM is in that rare class of books that can be read by a fifth-grade child who will enjoy it on a basic level, then by the same child as a teenager a few years later and be enjoyed on a more meaningful level, and finally, by the teenager as an adult several years afterwards and be understood for all of its profundity and wisdom. That is the mark of a true literary classic, and ANIMAL FARM is one of the greatest of them all.It is short enough to read cover-to-cover within two hours; yet, its symbolic meaningfulness can be pondered over for hours afterwards.  Kids love to read about talking animals; however, it is the fact that these animals actually stand for PEOPLE that makes this novella truly the ageless work it is. This is one story that one can never outgrow. This is a story that shows us the dark side of human nature and, in so doing, shows us how easily we can fall prey to the natural hunger for power. Given the right conditions, it doesn't take very long for that to happen.At the time George Orwell wrote this in his native England in 1937, it was pretty obvious of the story's real setting and characters: Manor Farm was the Soviet Union, Old Major was Vladimir Lenin, Snowball was Leon Trotsky, and Napoleon was Josef Stalin. Now that that whole time period has long since passed, and there is no more Soviet Union, nor is there any more Communist domination of Eastern Europe, the question for us now is: What is the Manor Farm that exists today in our world? Who is our Snowball? Who is our Napoleon? And, has this Napoleon yet consolidated his power...????MOST RECOMMENDED, ESPECIALLY FOR AGES 10 & UP"
"One wonders if, when writing pieces opposing communism, Orwell wasn't a bit clairvoyant.  It is interesting that he chooses pigs to run everything into the ground, using deceit, force, and witch hunts to keep others in line.  This book is brilliant because it uses animals--who already had breed distinctions akin to those of human classes--to bring home the point that there is no Utopia, and there never could be.Time and time again to this very day we see it; the author's words ring as true now as they did during the first half of the 20th century.  They use up the poor Boxers of the world and then send them off to the glue factory as a reward for their dedication, accusing the honest of lies, and glorifying in their wickedness and greed.  I see it in my own workplace every single day, and that's a rinky dink family owned business.  Big business and our very own government are doing it to us.""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.""  Does that line send a shiver down your spine when you think of it applied in human terms?  A chilling and eye-opening book about greed and corruption, the ending is very telling indeed, but I won't give that away if you haven't read it yet.  Considering that most of the low ratings of this important book were given by kids who need to learn how to spell before they attack a book they can't understand, I have to agree with them in a way.  Yes, the book probably is boring for them (I would have thought so at 16 as well), which is why I think it shouldn't be required literature until they reach college, but you get even more out of it if you actually WANT to read it."
"""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.""  That is the theme throughout Animal Farm.  The book Animal Farm, written by George Orwell, entertained me throughout its entirety; because of the straightforward writing style and the way he compared totalitarianism to a group of farm animals.  My favorite character in the book was Napoleon.  He was the leader of all the animals on the farm, because he was the smartest and most manipulative.  He had the ability to make people do what he wanted them to do regardless of whether or not they wanted to do it.  The character that I disliked the most was Boxer.  Boxer took everything at face value and was extremely gullible.The thing that I liked most about the book is the simplicity of the book and straight forwardness of the book.  The author did an excellent job in writing the book by making it simple and to the point.  From the book I learned how easy it was for Stalin to manipulate people and keep them on the side of communism.  The one thing that I did not like about the book was that you don't find out what happened to the farm and the animals at the end of the book.Animal Farm is a book that I would recommend to a friend because it is an easy read and once I picked it up I could not put it down.  I would read other book by George Orwell because of how much I liked Animal Farm.  Animal Farm is an excellent book, written with great description.  ""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but it was impossible to say which was which.""  This book is truly a great read."
"Mark Twain once said I didnt have time to write you a short letter, so I wrote you a long one instead.He was referring to the fact that it is often easier and lazier to write bloated stories than it is to say the same things with fewer words. Animal Farm is a small book at only about a hundred pages, but the ideas it conveys are monumental.George Orwell not only provides a compelling story with relatable characters but also layers it with a political commentary that reflects not only the Russian Revolution, but rather the tendencies inherent in all mankind.Even a child could read this book. The language and voice used is clear, concise, and enjoyable. However, a child may not know why the animals refer to each other as comrade. Likewise, they may not understand the anthems referred to by the song Beasts of England, or the allegory inherent in the notions of animalism, the seven laws, the design of the flag, or the ideas behind the animals rituals/ceremonies. They may not understand the stories Moses spreads about Sugarcandy Mountain.They dont need to. Despite being laden with these weighty concepts, the story is interesting and simple on the surface, and even if the concepts escape some readers, the story will spark the imagination and stimulate the mind. A reader will have questions afterward, and will want to discover the answers.This book should be on the list of anyone who loves literature or has an interest in history. It is a true masterpiece, and a fantastic portrayal of human nature."
"This book showed exactly what was wrong with governments today. It used great personaficaton with each creature, and used each creature to represent the perfect people(e.g. Hittler, Stalin, Churchhill).Allen Cotner(bigal_32@hotmail.com)"
"Like the many truths about human failings expressed in the ancient Greek and Roman fables, numerous subtle meanings and fundamental truths can be superbly revealed with wit and humor in fable-like tales, such as Animal Farm. This book gives an excellent example of the good and bad aspects of human nature within the social-political context and yet it is set within the Animal Farm fairytale with its marvelous life-like characters. Animal Farm is a must-read for all who love and appreciate the art of satirical writing.My only regret is that there are so few such books newly written these days. So, perhaps you can imagine my pleasure at finding one, which I would sincerely like to recommend in addition to Animal Farm. It describes a fantastic, contemporary science-fantasy adventure tale set in the animal world --- that of an imaginary honeybee society --- to expose our own human ecological short-comings. It is entitled, ACCUSED BY FACET-EYES by C.B.DON. I really enjoyed the wit and humor in this candid eco-social satire as much as Animal Farm. ""Accused By Facet-Eyes"" presents an all important eco-message and warning in much the same way that the outstanding Animal Farm classic gives its social-political message, and so I would place both these books in the same literary category of social-criticism. Do give both books a try, if you enjoy a thought-provoking read!"
"Animal Farm was well written and very expressive of the author's feelings about communism and the Russian revolution.  I liked this allegory because it was very discriptive and oppinionated.  I also like its pace.  It keeps  at a faster pace which is a challenge I enjoy.  I read this book in one  night and could not put it down until I was finished (at  2 o'clock in  the morning). I also liked how George Orwell used animals as symbols, like  Boxer the horse, aka. common hard working man.  Also I thought it  interesting that he chose pigs to represent the smart and leader types.  I  thought it was probably because pigs and men look the same in a way, or at  least look like the stereotypical bussiness/farming man.  The book was also  thought provoking, especially the title.  When you pick it up and read :  'Animal Farm: A Fairy Story' you would think it would be a book you could  read children to sleep with, but once you read it you realize the political  content.  I would recomend this book to anyone and everyone who could get  their hands on it, except children under 11.  Unless the kid is above  average and knows of the events in Russia, I recomend that they wait until  they are able to comprehend the meaning before trying to read this novel.  I loved the book and its creative style.  I definitely give this book the  best rating, meaning it's the best book I've ever read."
"A Unique Telling of HistoryAnimal Farm is an excellent source on Totalitarianism.  Author George Orwell tells the truth of the Bolshevik revolution and what the communist Soviet Union was like in a make-believe tale. Orwell uses animals to characterize the leaders of the communist movement in Russia.  He starts with Old Major who puts the thought into the minds of the animals (the proletariat) rising up against Mr. Jones who is the farm owner (the bourgeois) similar to the way Karl Marx does with the Communist Manifesto.  With the thought of revolution implanted, the animals decide to take over the farm. They assume the farm and compose seven commandments to live by, with the most important being that ""all animals are equal.""  The animals seem to have created an animal utopia for themselves, but as the story progresses the characters Napoleon (Stalin) and Snowball (Trotsky) begin to acquire power. Eventually Napoleon takes Snowball out of the picture and gains total control of the farm.  The newly equal animal farm then becomes a totalitarian farm. This story is a great way to learn about what can happen in a communist nation.  This is a suspenseful tale with events constantly unfolding, keeping the reader captivated and eager to know what will happen next.  The tale is an easy and enjoyable read for children and adults alike."
"Animal Farm is one of those books that is unfairly limited to a five-star rating. Can I give seven stars? Okay, I will: 7 out of 5.The key to any great dystopia is that it MUST be relatable to anyone who reads it. The wonderful thing about Animal Farm is that, although it's an allegory about Stalin's Russia, it is written in a way that it could be about any fascist regime, in any era. The thing about dictators is they are all the same, because they are all psychopathic and care only for themselves, thereby turning any country they run into a mudpile that can only be revived by its hardworking populace. So when a book like Animal Farm comes along and skewers fascist policy, it can be interpreted as universal enough to be about any war-torn country.The role of each animal adds an additional layer to the allegory. Pigs = politicians is such an obvious and beautiful thumbing of the nose, basically calling politicians pigs. Horses = working class also works.Animal Farm isn't just a story about corruption, but how corruption burgeons from honesty, and the different ways with which it's shown throughout is what qualifies this allegory as being most excellent. It's not effective enough to say that all politicians are pigs, and the pigs are therefore corrupt. It must be shown...without being told. And because of this, any amateur writer who fancies themselves a spinner of dystopia has much to learn from Orwell. Writing an ""ain't life hell"" book isn't enough. The book must show corruption and, more importantly, must be relatable. Anyone in any country could pick up Animal Farm and recognize aspects of it they can relate to their own government....and that's because pigs = politicians, government = corruption, and these universal equations never, ever change."
"Hi my name is Max Mordini and I just got done with the book animal farm. Now I will tell you about the spectacular book. The story opens up with the owner of Manor Farm locking up the gates for the night but he was too drunk to lock them properly. Meanwhile the animals were getting prepared for a meeting with the Old Major the most highly respected animal on the farm. He opened the meeting by announcing that he did not have much longer to live and that he wanted to share his dream with them before he was gone. His dream was about all animals living free lives and not  be a slave to the man, he says that man is the only creature that consumes without producing, and that its time to join together and take over. He said that he can see England with only animals roaming and human free graceful land all to themselves. He ends his speech by singing Beasts Of England. A couple days later Old Major died, and the farm animals decided to put the plan in action. So now the animals decided to hold meetings almost every night and the plan happened when they did'nt even plan it. It happened when Mr. Jones was so drunk that he didnt feed the animals for two days so Boxer and Clover sneak in the food shed, but they cause too much noise and Mr. jones and his men ran out with whips. Then Boxer and Clover freaked and attacked them and scared them out of the farm. After this they start making the land theirs. They change the name of the farm (Manor Farm) to Animal Farm. Then they listed seven rules on the farm house. They were Whatever goes upon two feet is an enemy, Whatever goes upon four legs or has wings is a freind, no animal shall wear clothing, no animal shall drink alcohol, no animal shall sleep in a bed, no animal shall kill another animal, all animals are created equal. Then the animals learn to farm without man and have the most sucsesful harvest ever while enjoying themselves completely. Soon the news of the rebellian is spread across half the county and now half of the county knows about Animal Farm. This inspires the other farms and they start acting up by throughing their riders off of them and not listening. Now the threat of other animals taking over is big and local farmers and townsmen decide to try an regain control of Mr. Jones's farm, but the animals sucsesfully defend their farm. When winter starts coming around, Snowball has an idea to build a windmill for electricity so the work on the farm will be less strenuous and that they could live more comfortable lives. Napolean disagrees and soon the animals go to two halfs one for Snowball and one for Napolean. They decide to have a debate and after snowball finished Napolean sent the dogs he had been training after Snowball and chased Snowball off the farm. Now Napolean was the farm leader and decided to go through with the windmill plan after all. Through the winter the animals were working like slaves to finish the windmill and still have a good harvest. Then Napolean suggests voluntary work on sundays but even though it was voluntary you would lose half of your food if you didnt work. Then Napolean says that they will begin trading with other farms for supplies. The animals dont want to because in Old Majors speach he says there should be no trade but squeler convinces them that there imagining it. Then the pigs move into the farm house and are sleeping in beds but Squeler convinces them that they are imagining it. Some go and check the rules, but they had been altered and the animals didnt know. Then a disastrous winter comes were they come to near starvation and have to fake that they had food to the neiboring farms to make themselves look better. After animals are executed they go look at the rules and again they are different they say no animal shall kill another animal without cause. Now Napolean is taking even more leadership and is making more rules for them to follow. Now Federek the local farmer decides to attack Animal Farm. The animals win just barely. After they win Napolean drinks alot and changes the rule to no animal shall drink exsessively. Now there food rations are dropping and dropping except for the pigs who are allowed to drink daily wear ribbons on sundays and they are actually gaining wait. Also Boxer is ill and Napolean promises to send him to a hospitol but the truck that takes him is actualy a butchers shop and they never see him again. Now the older animals die off and Squeler assumes leadership. The farm name is changed back to Manor Farm and the animals still work harder than any other farm and get less food than any other farm.  That was the summary of the book, but the book wasnt just made up it was actually a metaphor of the Russian Revalution. I thought this was an awesome book though sad at the same time. I think it was a great idea by George Orwell to make the book a metaphor, and still have it be a great story. I would recomend this book to both genders 10-15 years old. Animal Farm ROCKS!"
"Animal Farm is a timeless classic, published in 1946. The book was motivated by the author's disillusionment with communism in the Soviet Union. I first read the book in my secondary school days over thirty years ago. I have re-read it several times at various intervals since then and I enjoy reading it all the time. In fact, as I grew older and wiser, my understanding and appreciation of the seriousness of the message behind the story became deeper.The book is a fable about how animals successfully rebelled against human oppression. The animals of Manor farm overthrew the often drunken farmer and established self-determination. All the newly liberated animals were filled with joy and jubilation as well as optimism and they managed to organize themselves very effectively and worked very hard to produce a bumper harvest in their first year of self-rule.The animals came up with seven commandments to ensure that all animals adhere to a high moral and ethical standard in conformity with the egalitarian principles of fraternity, equality and justice for all. These seven commandments were: any creature that walks on two legs is an enemy; whatever moves on four legs or has wings is a friend; animals are forbidden to wear clothes, sleep in a bed, drink alcohol or kill other animals. All animals are equal.Soon afterwards, things started going seriously wrong.  Social classes started to emerge with pigs at the top of the social ladder. Then conditions at the farm started to deteriorate until they grew worse off than before the revolution.This is a very entertaining book with a very serious message. The book shows the terrible life under communism that people in the Soviet Union had to endure, with terrible abuses, corrupt ruling elite which did not account to anyone but itself, and that such a set up ultimately ends in failure when people say enough is enough.This book is written in simple English making it easy to read and understand for all readers ranging from school children to adults."
"This is a classic novel which was written as a put down to communism but I find that the lessons in this book are very much applicable to the United States today as many of the self-serving members of the ruling class (the pigs in the novel) parallel our members of congress and their corporate buddies.  I am very much a capitalist but the United States is anything but a free-market capitalist society.  The USA in its present form is more of a fascist state, which the vast majority of Americans mistake for capitalismAnyway, I enjoyed the story and the book is an easy read.  The one thing that I find interesting is that Orwell was a socialist but anti-communist, which in my book are two sides to the same coin;  thus, it is interesting to me that orwell was basically criticizing socialism.  I guess he was just against the extreme version of it.I think this is a good novel for young person to read as it demonstrates the dangers of not questioning authority and believing everything you are told.  Its lessons in group think or allowing others to sway or control you are timeless as in the way the story shows how small changes over time become accepted and you arrive in a place that you would have never gone had the change taken place all at once."
Scary to think about how closely our world today can be seen in this writing. We certainly feel the pressures on what is acceptable to discuss and question in our overly politically correct world!
"Animal Farm witten by George Orwell is a very good book.  The way that Orwell wrote this book makes it feel as if your a part of it.  The deceitful ways of Napolean and the pigs almost pisses you off as if you are being deceived. Orwell's view of communisim in Russia is one that must be respected.I would reccomend this book to anyone that is intersted in history and/or government.  As well as to anyone that enjoyed Orwell's book 1984.  Which was another genius peice that he has written.The way Orwell showed how the pigs changed all of their commandments and then fooled the other animals into thinking that they are too stupid to remember what the commandment actually said was genius.  As well the pigs convincing the other animals that everything they are doing is for the benefit of the public.  Orwell really reflected the way things were with communisim in Russia, he criticized it pretty accuratley.He exposed it's flaws, how better could it have been done than the line saying that ""all animals are equall but some are more equal than others""Once again I feel it is an important book to read.  It is always good to hear others views and this a good chance to be able to do that, while reading an entertaining story as well."
"Animal Farm is the story of a revolution gone sour.  Animalism, Orwell's take on Communism, is an illusion used by the pigs as a means of satisfying their lust for power.  At the beginning of the book, Mr. Jones, the master of the farm, is irresponsible toward his animals, so old Major, a white boar, informs the other animals of the need to form a rebellion against Mr. Jones and the human race.  The other animals embrace the idea of a revolution and develop a scheme to overthrow Mr. Jones.  After the revolution is complete, the animals feel an immediate freedom, a set of commandments is developed for the new ""Animal Farm,"" and they all begin working together for a common good.  However, it does not take long for the new society to begin to corrupt.  The satisfaction of removing Mr. Jones from the farm prevents the animals from noticing the politics still going on within the farm.  The animals are convinced by those in power that their memory of the original utopia and commandments are false.  So long as the animals cannot remember the past, because it is being continually altered, they will have no control over the present and future.  George Orwell is making a great political statement in Animal Farm with specific emphasis on mass rebellion.  It personifies Karl Marx's ideas for communism and illustrates what can happen after a revolution with specific attention to the fact that every society is political and contains ""pigs"" who will always grab for power.  This satirical fable leaves the reader with a better understanding of communism and the anatomy of political revolution in any culture."
"Orwell was passionately anti-Communist. He first drafted Animal Farm during WWII but was prohibited from publishing in case it weakened the unnatural alliance between America, Britain and Stalin's Russia. After 1945 there were no such restraints and Animal Farm became available to remind people how evil Communism really was. For the sake of clarity, the pigs are the Bolsheviks who take over the farm (Russia) seizing it from the humans (Tzars). Over time, the pigs become as corrupt as the humans had been before them.The contents of Animal Farm are known to many in the free world. But read it again because totalitarianism comes in many forms, Communism just being the most obvious one. With the current outrage following the World Towers disaster, it's interesting to note that those who follow and support the Taliban (bin Laden) have been deluded into believing that, by their submission, they're engaged in a noble cause.People like Saddam Hussein, just like the Communists of the Cold War era, disguise their crimes under the banner of acting for the 'common good'. They deceive their people with false information. They protect their political powers with force, terrorizing  their dissenters into silence. All the while presenting themselves as selfless protectors of the common good.Communism is alive and well in China, North Korea, Vietnam and many other areas of the world. Totalitarianism flourishes in 50% of the rest of the world, including many countries of Latin America. The 'FREE' world, as we often refer to it, is little more than USA and Europe. We need to understand the threat, to enjoy and protect our freedoms. A good starting place to gain this understanding is Animal Farm.I first read this book when I was about 15. Now, over thirty five years later, I find that it still hasn't lost its power. There's a great deal more to it than just ' animals that run around and saying Comrade!'...."
"Orwell wrote this book after expieriencing the communist party for himself while fighting in the POUM militia in the spanish civil war.  The communist party are the reason for the loss of the socialists, anarchists, etc during the war, because the communist party suppressed their allie militias.  They seeked only power in spain.  At the time, people didn't realize what was going on in the soviet union.  Many people respected stalin as a leader, including churchill who once called stalin a man of courage.  Orwell wrote this book not as a way of discrediting socialism, but as a way to warn future generations about stalinism or soviet communism.  He portrays the russian revolution and what went wrong.Often people, especially conservatives, believe Orwell was anti socialist, and they often refer this book to socialists.  They are completely misunderstanding the novel.  this book isn't an attack against socialism, as a matter of fact, Orwell was a socialist.  Orwell explained this in his intro to the book when he originally wrote the book, but it wasn't allowed to be published."
"Animal Farm is about one farm of animals that start to rebel against the humans. The animals feel that they do all the work and it shouldnt be like that, but once the animals take over they have problems of there own. What the animals were trying to stop the humans from doing occured amongst themselves. In the book I really like when the animals fought the humans. The animals are planning tactics and everything to hold off the humans. In the battle of cowshed the animals worked together to defeat the humans even though they did not have any weapons of their own. Rarely you see a point of view like this in other books so it really intriuged me. Also, the battles seemed to be upsets (underdog wins) and I always like to read or watch something like that. I would recommend this to other people around the age of 14 or above. To a little kid all the metaphors in this book would mean nothing more than animals talking and taking over. The book has a point other than just the animals taking over and if you figure out what the meaning is it makes the book mroe enjoable to read. Once you can understand this book there would be no age to old to read this because it is not a little kids book. It is different but not in a little kids way, even though the animals can talk. The point is beyond that and it relates to people so it is suitable for older people."
"Animal Fram is one of the most interesting books on government views I have ever read. It is a classic story about how animals on a farm convert into a communistic way of life. All of the pigs are the heads of  government. In the end living conditions for the pigs are fantastic and  living conditions for the rest of the animals are horrible. This book  conveyed a message which I agree with and it is that the Communist  Government system is a system which does not work well in countries which  have it right now and it would not be a good system to change to in the  future. In the beginning, the animals are furious with the humans, but in  the end the pigs form a relationship with the humans. The pigs walk on  ""two legs"" to act like humans. The original animals who have  survived from the very beginning see that their lives have slowly  detiriorated. If you are teaching a government class, this book is a must  read and if you are not in a government class and you want a good book to  read Animal Farm should be number one on your list."
"This anthropomophic tale is a satire of communism in Russia, expounding upon the author's view of communism's evil through the actions of animals who represent the people caught in the Russian Revolution. They revolt against man (the Czar) and the pigs become the leaders. They paint the rules on a fence, but gradually it seems that the rules change. What horse remembers as each rule no longer exists; they have been replaced by subtly differently worded rules, with decidedly different meanings. The horse remember the rule that ""All animals are equal."" When she returns to look at the barn wall, however, it says ""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others."" The pigs become the government and one pig secretly trains dogs that kill ""traitors"" who confess. The dogs are his army and his KGB. There is a Lenin pig, a Stalin pig, and a Karl Marx pig. In the end, it is impossible to tell ""man from pig or pig from man."" I liked this book because of its topic and Orwell's writing style. The satire is obvious and the point is clear."
"How did I not receive this book as required reading back in high school? Well now that I've picked it up, I realize that I would have enjoyed it then as much as I did now. This thinly veiled (perhaps obvious) critique on the government at the time in Russia provokes many questions on the legitimacy of any government and the inability for communism to operate effectively. The animals band together to overthrow the evil ""human"" to form their own government - animalism, where all animals are created equal. This belief is reinforced in the seven commandments of animalism. However, corruption and power struggles quickly impede on the central tenets of animalism.This story reads like an extended Aesop's Fable with messages much more poignant than ""slow and steady wins the race"" adding a biting satiric wit to it all. This is altogether a facinating allegory to the way Soviet Russia was; yet, it still remains unbelievably revelant in today's society. After all, ""All animals are equal (but some animals are more equal than others)."""
"I picked this book up last night, and read it in one sitting. It was obvious that the story was a satire of Communism (all the animals call each other ""Comrade""), and at times it was very funny in its ridiculousness. But there was a disturbing grain of truth throughout the book which can make the reader uncomfortable. Here is a revolution that starts from a common spirit of cooperation and a desire to make things better for the whole group. But when one group takes control, and uses lies and intimidation, or even murder, to keep that control, one is reminded sharply of oppressive governments around the world that are very real. The ending was definitely a slap in the face: as the ""common"" animals look on, they find that they cannot tell the difference between their pig leaders, who now go on two legs, and the evil humans they had overthrown. This story is incredibly funny, sad, and scary all at the same time, and it amazes me that Orwell had the foresight to write it back in 1946, just after the Iron Curtain had fallen."
"Despite the fact that Animal Farm is about talking animals that take over a farm, you will be hard pressed to find a book that contains as much truth as this slim novel does.  While the book is a pitch perfect allegory about the Soviet Union under Stalin what makes this book so timeless is that it is ultimately about totalitarianism and the corrupting nature of power. The writing itself is brilliant - very simple and straightforward with a compelling plot, yet underneath everything is an insight and intelligence that holds everything together.  On top of all that, Animal Farm  contains one of the greatest closing paragraphs in the entire canon of English literature.  There are small things you could nit-pick about (why is it that the animals suddenly start talking? How does a pig teach itself to read?) but they are irrelevant - Animal Farm is a quick and engaging read, a brilliant allegory, and given the current political climate of the world, it is as timely and as vital as it ever has been.  Strongly recommended."
"""Animal Farm"" is by far one of the most amazing and powerful books I have ever read. On Manor Farm the animals are mistreated by Mr. Jones, their farmer who has a drinking problem. When one day the animals decide to rebel, Mr. Jones and his family are driven out of their farm. The pigs, Snowball and Napoleon, since they are deemed the smartest of the animals, become the rulers of the farm. The animals rename their farm Animal Farm and create The Seven Commandments which all animals on the farm must listen to. For a while on Animal Farm, life is happy and rewarding. All animals are treated with equal respect, and are allowed to vote on plans for the farm. However, when the desire for power gets the better of Napoleon, things start to get out of hand.When I read this story, I was surprised to find that it contained humor. Although it is an easy read, it is one of those stories that will keep you thinking long after you've finished it. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for an enjoyable story."
"So yes, I never read ANIMAL FARM, it seems to be one of those books I owned but never cracked, for some reason or another, but, as my summer goal is to always read five classics I've never read, I chose this one as my first summer project. It took a couple of hours. This book was so disturbing and depressing that I see now why it's assigned so often. What starts out as a CHARLOTTE'S WEB quickly turns into such a draining and taxing, well, reality for lack of a better word, that I was unable to lay the book down, hoping against hope for a happy ending, one which never came. I don't believe in spoiler alerts for a book published in 1945, but when the pigs walk out of the farmhouse on two legs my body flushed. It was as creepy as that scene in INSIDUOUS where that demon comes out from behind Patrick Wilson. I'm not going to review the book - it's been reviewed by schoolkids and scholars for over fifty years, just suffice it to say that I found it AMAZING. Maybe being 44 was the right age to devour such a morsel."
"The great thing about Animal Farm is that it can be read at a number of different levels. I suspect that the majority of readers these days are not particularly interested in matching up the characters of the various pigs with Marx, Lenin, Trotsky, Stalin etc., or the events of the tale with their corresponding historical moments, though it can certainly be done. It can, and has,  also been read and enjoyed by children as an amusing and cautionary tale without any political significance.But I suspect that most readers these days will appreciate the book as a thought provoking rumination on the corrupting effects of power.Orwell, the man who gave us the phrase 'the Cold War' as well as 'Big Brother is Watching'  wrote this fairly late in his career, just before his magnum opus 'Nineteen Eighty-Four', when he was at the hight of his creative powersAnimal Farm remains an entertaining, if brief, read, and every literate person should read it at least once as a child and once again as an adult."
"This was an excellent book. The characters Orwell creates using the animals are as close to real as a writer can get. The idealism was amazing it was pefectly related to the Soviet Republic using the pigs. The author also described the problems between the animals and their conflicting views perfectly.The best part of the book was when Snowball is expelled from the farm and Napolean slowly turns the idea of Animalism bad and becomes the dictator of the farm. This is described very well and perfectly shadows the Soviet government plan.One of the most vivid story elements was the theme, the theme Orwell was trying to create is opposition to the Soviet government using animals. The other story element accomplished well by this book was the conflict between the pigs and the other animals of the farm. Orwell writes this conflict as a continuing problem of the pigs being supreme and the other animals having no rights. These story elements and the rest of the book is excellently written by Orwell."
"I read this book while I was in India on a trip in 2011. There were times when I did not have anything to do so I picked up Animal Farm which was lying in the cupboard for many years. Looking at the size of the book, I thought it will be a quick read as I did not want to start a big book. This was the first book I read authored by George Orwell.Orwell is without any doubt one of the best story tellers. The plot is of political nature and is delivered cleverly. And he did not even need human characters for it. It is a story of about how animals take over a farm and drive all humans out of it. They (animals) are themselves not immune to the problems brought on by power. In disguise of doing good for their subjects, the ruling class looks after its own interests. Life for many as they think was better with how things were in the past.Animal Farm is one of those books which grip you till the end. Orwell's magic makes the story flow and you are never left bored even for a moment."
"*********SPOILERS***********  I think Animal farm is a great novel and fits the classic title. What starts out as a small story about animals running a farm is quickly turned into a dark symbol for the Soviet Union. It all begins with a pig's dream of a better society. The pigs carry on this idea that all animals are equal and the farm flourishes becoming greater than ever. They make their own seven commandments to the farm and change the name to Animal Farm. The pigs realize the other animals that can't read or write as well as them are lesser creatures. This starts a class system in the farm, with the pigs at the top. After this two pigs begin to differ and fight. One is kicked out and is told to be a villain. This represents Leon Trotsky and Joseph Stalin. Later after all the fighting the pig leader betrays one of his most loyal worker for money. After that he makes the biggest change of all and becomes more human than ever. None of the common animals can tell e pigs from humans."
"Mr. Jones' farm, the Manor Farm, is a pity. His animals are malnourished and always sick, and he doesn't much care. After they die he just cooks them and eats them. Jones is always slobbering drunk. In the beginning of the story Old Major is the leader of all the animals. He is a great leader until his death one night. All the animals are shocked and they need a new leader. The pigs are the smartest animals, so they are always leaders. At first Snowball is the leader, but then Napoleon comes in and he wants to be leader. All the animals go up against humans and kill Jones' men. When Napoleon decides to trade with humans he doesn't tell any other animals because it's against the rule, ""Whatever goes on two legs is an enemy.""Animal Farm is very interesting because the animals all have different points of view, such as when the hens must lay eggs for Napoleon. He wants to trade with the humans, but the hens think it's bad for their health because they have to lay about 30 a week. I like Boxer the best because he has a good attitude and he always works the hardest. Boxer always looks at the positive side of things. I was very enthusiastic about the book, and when I shared it with friends I got them interested in reading it."
excellent book symbolically indicating every life goes in circles. the common man is the fool. excellent reading. It burst down the myth of collectivism
"I thoroughly enjoyed Animal Farm. It was very well written and the author, George Orwell did an excellent job with his complex plot. Animal Farm is not really about animals. Although all the characters are all animals, the underlying theme is a goverment's descent into Communism and totaltarian dictatorship.This story begins with the animals of Manor Farm overthrowing their cruel master and creating their own form of government. At the begining, all is fine and dandy until strange things begin to happen. The pigs, who are in charge of the barnyard government, slowly begin to twist the rules and the truth for their own benefit. Strange disappearances and executions lead up to the ending of this thought provoking book.I highly recommend Animal Farm. It's fast moving plot and underlying themes pulled me in until the last page. Its graphic images and an intense storyline are not for young readers. However, for anyone interested in politics it would be an excellent read."
"I love the story and the narration was excellent. All good here. I suggest after listening to the book, research the story behind it and Orwell's life."
"Forget the Republican elephant or the Democratic donkey, these are the true political animals. Orwell knows politics like Alfred Hitchcock knew nail-biting, edge-of-the-seat horror and suspense. I originally read this book in high school, a common introduction to literature for many of us, aside from comic books. The character who stands out most for me is the pig Snowball who plays Goebbles to the chief boar Napoleon's Hitler. This is indeed a parable of the Nazi regime, beginning as a bid for the rights of the farm animals and soon degenerating into totalitarian fascism, with the motto ""all animals are equal, but some are more equal than others"". Much more poetic IMHO than either ""Deutschland ber alles"" or ""Heut Deutschland, morgen die welt!"" (translation: ""Today Germany, tomorrow the world!"") If you like tales of corrution and the darker side of la Revolucin get this book. Shoot, I might even go back and read it again myself."
"In ""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell, a rebellion is suggested and acted upon by animals.  The pigs take most of the power themselves, believing they are the best administrators of government.  Eventually the power corrupts them causing them to turn on their fellow animals,  eliminating competitors through brainwashing and bloodshed. In  ""Animal Farm"" George Orwell uses the farm to symbolize the  communist system.  Though the intention of overthrowing Mr. Jones isn't  inherently evil itself, Napoleon's adoption of most of Jones' principles  and mistreatment of animals proves that communism is just another form of  inequality.  Orwell intends to criticize the communist regime using  symbolism.  The farm represents Russia and the neighboring farms are  Germany and England.  The pigs represent Soviets and the other animals are  workers.  The Rebellion can be classified as the Russian Revolution and the  whip symbolizes man's cruelty."
"Though based on the Russian revolution and subsequent incidents in Russia, this book highlights a very important fact about REVOLUTION, in general. That is, a revolution can never ever successful if it is devoid of a good leader. Good leader doesn't need to be a powerful and strong man/woman who can fight well. He need to be a man/woman who have a strong desire to serve the people, the common people. And not forget why they revolted. He/she shall not mislead the common people. These things were missing in the post Russian revolution era. I am not a philosopher neither hold a good knowledge in political science. But after reading this book, written in a very lucid language this is what I understood. This text I believe will survive the test of time. Because whenever revolution in any society will happen, the relevance and truth of this fable will be realised. More ever this text will be equally enjoyed by any age group. Highly recommended for everybody."
"I read this as a teen and read it again recently with my teen daughter. It was excellent both times. This is the story of a bunch of animals who take over a farm (kick out the human farmer) and run things their own way. Over time the pigs take over the farm - especially one authoritarian type by the name of Napoleon. The rules change as the pigs (who think of themselves as elite) centralize more and more control. The rest of the animals end up working harder and longer days and get less food rations that the pigs. Eventually the pigs morph into pig-like humans. This book is really about how far left government systems would play out in real life if they were allowed to run their course. The government that the animals and pigs set up has elements of communism, fascism, and socialism, depending on which angle you focus your attention. By the way, contrary to what some believe, Fascism is not a far right style of government it is decidedly far left."
"""All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.""In Animal Farm George Orwell reenacted the Russian Revolution and its aftermath, Major, Napoleon, Snowball, Jones, and Frederick incarnating Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky, Tsar Nicolas II and Hitler. But through the fable, Orwell critiques not only communism but also any corruption of power, leaders highlighting real or imagined threats to instill fear in followers and solidify power. As often repeated throughout history, people out of fear often would submit to the state's unchecked power in exchange for security real or imagined. In the end, Napoleon exploited the animals just as Farmer Jones previously had and even emulated humans when he gave a dinner to neighboring farmers, who represented the leaders of other nations and would gladly play poker with the tyrant as long as they can benefit from the friendship. Animal Farm is a lighthearted fable for a serious subject."
"Animal Farm, written by George Orwell (the pen name of Eric Blair) is the story of a group of over-worked, under-nourished farm animals who revolt against their drunkard farmer and set up what starts as a paradise of  fairness, justice and, above all, equality - that is, until feuding pigs  degrade it into a totalitarian dictatorship worse than the conditions the  animals suffered before the revolt.  Written in a simple manner,  Orwell unfolds an amazingly realistic and well thought-out tale wrought  with depth and vividness that makes this book very hard to put down. As the  reader witnesses the evolution of the leaders of Animal Farm from seemingly  well-meaning leaders to manipulative, malignant beasts, the truth and  evident prophecies of the tale come forth.George Orwell's  masterpiece accurately portrays the enslavement, morals, leaders, and lies  which are a horrible part of totalitarianism."
"On its deepest level Animal Farm is about a revolution of an oppressed class of beings (the farm animals) over their oppressors (the farmer). Orwell does this very creatively. Throughout the book the mood changes from glorious revolution of the animals all living in harmony together too a worse situation then when the farmer was in power. The pigs, by force of their army of dogs, use their positions to turn their rule over the other animals into a Stalin-like dictatorship.This book points out the dangers of a system of government (socialism in this case) that is supposed to be great for all ""comrades"" but inevitably can turn horribly wrong by the corruption of the leaders.I recommend this book for anyone who is interested in politics (it may make you question your own political leadership), the study of people in other positions of power or anyone who wants to read good literature in general."
"Or, in English, ""the story is about you"" Mr.Stalin. What George Orwell had in mind when he sketched this book, was to portray the big difference there is in the political world in what regards political intentions and political deeds. The story is in fact a very original political fable, where the animal characters are in a disguised way impersonating key political figures of the late USSR. The optimism of the beginning of the Russian revolution, with a lot of colorfull overtones inherited from the works of Marks, Engels and even Lenin, subsides later into sheer persecution of the characters not fit for the revolutionary task, in a shadowy remembrance of the blatant persecution Stalin engaged himself against people suspected of being dangerous to him. This book along with 1984 immortalized Orwell as a creative and preocupied man of his time against the danger of totalitarianism."
"Orwell tried to tell us how awful Stalin's Communist government was.  He'd been to the Soviet Union, hated it, and tried to warn the world.  But no one listened.  The characters in this book symbolize members of the Communist Revolution.  The symbolism is amazing.  In this book, animals rebel against their farmers and take over the farm.  But their government of Animalism is slowly destroyed both from outside human attacks and inside quarrels and greed.  Snowball, or Leon Trotsky, is better suited to lead the animals.  But Napoleon, or Joseph Stalin, forms his own police force and kicks Snowball out.  Then as Napoleon gets greedy and uses the farm for his own good, things begin to go bad.  Napoleon blames it all on Snowball, the unseen enemy.  In reality, Snowball never returns.  But he is the unseen scapegoat for the story.  If you like this story, I also recommend 1984 and Brave New World."
"I had to pick this up since it was such a must-read classic.  It really does mirror the government and how it all works, yet is written is such a readable way that it is not as boring as reading just plain plotics.  I had that problem with 1984 because it seemed to have more boring politcal parts than anything else.  It is a sad journey watching these animals experience freedom than slowly lose it without ever even realizing it as the pigs talk their way into whatever they want.  A short read, I was done in about an hour and a half, but it really is vivid and will stick with you forever.  Heck, I read what this book was ABOUT a year ago and it stuck with me until I finally picked it up and enjoyed it for myself.  While there is no happy ending, it is very real and a harsh reminder of what can happen when you stop thinking for yourself and believe everything you are told."
"So, how should I respond to one of the best books yet to be written in our sad little history...Undeniably perfect and astounding. A brave look into the gaunt face of communism with all of its powerful manipulation, religious and political power and weighty propaganda. Quite a witty retort to those few left in the world who still bow to the shrine of Stalin. Historical fiction fans unite, for this one will make you laugh and give you further insight to the dark crevasses of both the Bolshevik revolution and its key players including Lenin (Old Major), Stalin (Napoleon) and Trotsky (Snowball). Cleverly laid lore sure to entertain whether through amusement or insight, a must read for all. Highly suggested and speedy through the dark nights in which you sit in stupor on your couch after the repetition of your o-so-delightful day.Mat Perrin, esq."
"Patronizing animals here into governance , closely relates the human disorder and selfishness to reign !Masterpiece !Go get it!"
"Ralph Cosham does a nice job of reading the classic book Animal Farm, including a suitable rendition of the song ""Beasts of England.""  Mr. Cosham's British accent is mild, and no problem for American listeners.For anyone not familiar with the story, the animals of Manor Farm rebel and win freedom from their human owners.  They then set-up a socialist community which is highly successful the first year, but slowly deteriorates into a dictatorship.  Originally aimed at communism, the book still provides insight into tyrants everywhere -- and can also be applied to the bloated governments of democracies.By allowing Mr. Cosham to do the reading, listeners can devote themselves to visualizing the scenes and events as they unfold.  Length of the recording is about 3 hours.  I recommend skipping the Intro tracks and starting with Chapter One (track 7)."
"Having read Animal Farm in one sitting, i feel that it transcends the obvious allusions to communisms and the likes to something far more poetic. Human nature, it seems, has a very deceiving quality to it. Orwell made it clear that the book was parallel with real life (Russian Revolution and such) and similarities are easily made between characters in the book and real life people. Although i'd say the biggest lesson learned is the power of mind-manipulation and how few can control many through fear.Simply put, you can call it a process... Bad people reign--good people overthrow bad people---hunger for power consumes a handful of the good people---manipulation/propaganda is instilled and WAHLA ---Once again Bad people reign... It's a sad cycle that this book has beautifully portrayed.Definitely worth a read, especially if you are ""into"" politics.Lucas."
"This book is not about the failure of the ideals of Communism or Socialism--Orwell was indeed a Socialist. It is about the failure and shortcoming of any totalitarian system imposed upon human beings. A totalitarian system can be imposed by ruthless, selfish rulers regardless of the economic system. To be sure, Animal Farm is about the failures and shortcomings of the USSR, an experiment in state capitalism, monopolistic socialism or whatever you wish to call it. The point is it led to suffering at the hands of its elite, suffering that is unnecessary, brutal and senseless.Orwell's somber humor (""black humor"") is always refreshing. His books remind us that after all, we are all human beings and as such deserve respect. A government that does not honor and respect its own citizens is doomed to failure just like the USSR and Animal Farm."
"I first read Animal Farm in 1965 as a college freshman.  I didn't think too much about it back then; there seemed to more pressing interests at the time.Years later, as I reread the book I believed that it was a satire of Soviet Communism.  Now I believe that it is a statement of man's inevitable use of the utopian yearning for a better, fairer world, and the chilling knowledge that some people and parties will use that desire to develop their own power.  I believe this book is a warning to future generations - socialist bureaucracy can slowly encroach upon any government - even in a democractic-republic - and, it may be creeping up on us at this very time in history.  We must fear the socialist desire to make a more perfect world... it might be at the expense of our precious, but frail liberty!Animal Farm"
"This was a profound book.  Written about the communist revolt that established the Soviet Union, The characters mirror real players on the world stage.  And as I was reading the book, it seemed like an interesting way to observe and analyze the evolution of the communist state established by Stalin - who in this story, is named Napolean.But as the book progressed, I started realize that it represented much more than just the communist revolution.  It was about the human condition.The endless tension between resources and allocation.I'm surprised that none of the other reviewers saw the ending as easily showing a room full of ""capitalist pigs"" as totalitarian elite.In the end, they are not so different - as I think this book seems to demonstrate  extremely well."
"Although clearly intended to be a parable of Stalinist Russia, there are so many corollaries with our own modern day American political landscape that it makes this book as terrifying a lesson as when it was first published.Consider these parallels.The animals live in squalor, yet don't see the reality of this because they believe what their leaders tell them. We Americans live in a country where nearly annually the debt ceiling is raised (TO OVER 8 TRILLION DOLLARS PEOPLE. THAT'S 8,000,000,000,000), and yet we are told over and over that we have a strong economy.The work their very lives out for an ideal they believe in, only to be sold to the glue factory. We Americans have our pensions and benefits taken away and still seem to find a way to vote into power the very people who make it happen.The animals live in fear of a nonexistent enemy, Snowball, and their leaders manipulate that fear to their own ends. This country was forced into an unwinnable war on false pretenses, and daily have to suffer because of it. Napoleon, Animal Farm's leader, uses Snowball and Jones to cow the denizens, Bush uses Al Qaeda and 9/11.The pigs consider the 7 Commandments of Animalism as changeable as this administration considers the Constitution, and substitute ""American"" for ""animal"" in the final Super Commandment ""all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others,"" and you just about describe how Bush feels about his inherent power.In addition, the history which the ""press secretary"" Squealer relates, changes too. Just like the shifting reasons for going to war in Iraq. First it was WMDs, then it was freedom for the Iraqi people, now it's bringing democracy to the Middle East.And in the end, the pigs are successful in duping the animals into believing that they are moral leaders who believe in the fundamentals of Animalism, when in reality, they're just the new bosses, same as the old.Sound familiar?"
"This is one of those books that should be required reading for everyone, followed by deep intellectual conversations on how a system like this could never work.  That way, maybe our country wouldn't be headed in this direction.  The story centers on a farm that is run by an abusive owner (according to the animals) that only cares about himself.  The animals decide that the only course of action is to take the farm over and run it themselves.  The remove the farmer and set up a communistic system led by the pigs (because they're the smartest).  All the animals are to be given food based on their worth, but since the pigs lead the farm they are given the most and best food and live in the house.  Without giving too much away, this story mimics the communist regime of the Soviet Union, Cuba and China."
"Stubborn obedience to a failed system and to individuals within the system who will quickly turn on their subordinates is clearly portrayed in this classic book which uses an animal farm to describe the mindset of Communist thinking. This book is not difficult to read and even though Soviet Communism is not the threat it was at the time this book came out, as a historical work this book remains a worthwhile read. In fact, this book helps show how such a dysfunctional system was destined to fail! It is to Orwell's credit that he is able to evoke such empathy from his readers for farm animals. He succeeds in doing so. Sometimes an anology can highlight truths that a straightforward journalistic approach cannot. This is an interesting little book that will not require much time commitment to complete."
"An interesting work, widely read in the academic world, ""Animal Farm"" does not often receive as much attention on a voluntary basis.  I read this for a course, and I probably would never have picked it up if it had not been required reading.  However, I did enjoy it once I got into the story.  The extensive and vibrant symbolism is, in my opinion, one of the greatest assets this work has to offer.  The academic setting in which I studied this novel helped to unravel much of the mystery surrounding the plot and make the important historical connections between the characters and events.  As I have grown older I have come to a new and deeper appreciation of the book and would definitely recommend to classical literature and historical scholars as well as to anyone with a love of literary symbolism."
"Deliberately written in the style of a children's ""fairy-story"",George Orwell's *Animal Farm* uses the medium of the fairy-taleto make a powerful political statement -- protesting not only the Soviet regime in Communist Russia, but also totalitarianism everywhere and in all of its forms. Tracing the development of the ""farm"" from the honest good intentions of the revolutionary ""animals"" through the gradual strengthening of the original, oppressive power structure, this novel truly reveals something of the human spirit.  It is no wonder that so many phrases from Orwell's work have become staples in modern-day political argument:  through this and his other works, George Orwell has truly contributed to the political climate of the twentieth century."
I bought this copy essentially for my wife who had never read this major allegorical tale.  I had not read it since I was in college during the 1950s.  The time span of 60 years between readings and a much greater understanding of the major political events that have shaped the world made Orwell's work much more meaningful to me.  Orwell was a social democrat who understood well the evils of the soviet society.  It is now much clearer to me why Stalin is represented so well by the boar Napoleon.The book is a must read by today's young people.  They will quickly see that there have been few changes since it was written during World War II as governments have grown and politicians have proliferated..
"As I post this, there are over 1000 reviews, so I doubt I can add anything else to directly assist the potential reader on the merits of the actual story.  Any story with that many reviews speaks for itself.  What I would like to contribute is that of all the books I was assigned to read when I was in high school, this is one of the few that I can't wait until my kids get assigned.  Although I will try and read any book they have for homework, this is one I know I'll read.  Playing devil's advocate, picking actual people to fill the roles in the book, all will be great fun and contribute to some excellent family discussions.  Can't wait!  THAT is how good this story is and how well it stands the test of time."
"Animal Farm is a cleverly written book that is based off of the Russian Revolution. The main characters are animals on a farm that have over thrown the owner. The plot is humorous and easily applied to not only the Russian Revolution, but to governments as a whole. It is quite funny reading about the animals as they set up a government then slowly grow to corrupt their own system. They go through some mishaps and discover first hand the difficulties in running the show.The use of animals as characters is a very creative approach and keeps the reading fun. The chapters are short and reading the book takes very little time to read. I highly recommend this book to anyone interested. You won't be let down."
"I always wanted to read Animal Farm but the curriculum in my Junior High for George Orwell's reading was ""1984."" I decided when I was on vacation this year to read this by way of audiobook.  This book is superb and very easy to comprehend.  The only regret I have is I waited so long to read.  Very thought provoking and entertaining.  I am very happy to have grown-up in the late 80s.  We read classics like Mice of Men, Lord of The Flies, Brave New World etc.  These books are very intelligent and makes you think unlike the Goosebumps, Harry Potter and Twilight reading that the students read in school now.  However, this is not a children's book but for an older teenager.  I highly recommend it"
"Animal Farm is among the most powerful, the most terrifying, the most relevant, the most important, the most influential, and best known books ever written.In my opinion, there are several books that everyone in the Western world should read. The Lord of the Rings is one of them, as is Watership Down, Fahrenheit 451, Lord of the Flies, and 1984. Animal Farm is another.If you have not read those books do so immediately - they will change your life for ever. They are more then just books - they are warnings, gamechangers, allegories, and timeless truths. Read Animal Farm. It is as relevant, terrifying, intense, and entertaining NOW, as when it was written in 1946.5 Stars."
"I'd read this book before about ten years ago, but didn't fully appreciate it at that time because I didn't understand the world or politics. I just thought it was sad and confusing because I failed to grasp that the entire thing was symbolic. It's really remarkable how emotionally invested you can get in these characters, and how appalled he can make you in this microcosm. One can easily understand why this book was banned and also why it is so vitally important. Though the red scare is obviously long behind us, I think this book is timeless in its vitality in expressing the dangers of seeking any Utopian society or giving blind trust to leaders. Great book. And now I'm off to re-read 1984."
"George Orwell has slways written books that speak of a future that is now here.  I read this book when I was in high school and just had to purchase it again so that I could reread it again.  It is amazing that I was able to find this book at such a reasonable price.  My wife is now reading the book for the first time and, like me, is unable to put it down.  George Orwell uses animals to express his feelings about the human future.  I would say if you never read any books, you must read this one.  It will open your eyes to what is going on in our sad old world.  The book arrived in excellent condition and well before the expected date.  Outstanding service and a very decent price."
"This is a fabulous and depressing novel. It shows how easily people without education can be so quickly misled. We should take note of the education methods for the young that  are used in the book. They are isolated, indoctrinated, and kept from their parents influence, and taught without their parents knowledge. They are manipulated for a purpose that has nothing to do with their own educational needs, but only for the good of the leaders of society. Hello Common Core! You can read this book and see the direction our society is headed, with the constant monitoring, spying, and, propagandizing going on today. If the powers that be ever get control of the internet, we are doomed."
"Although the reign and terror of the Soviet Union is a thing of the past, Orwell 's candid look at power, corruption, and comprise is just as important today as it was in 1945. Putin's occupation of Eastern Ukraine and the USA 's increasing debts to a nation with no regard for basic humans rights are just a few of the reasons  why this book should still be read. Orwell 's clear concise writing style and accessible presentation of USSR history, make this book a wonderful conversation starter for today's socio-political situation.This addition provides some wonderful features; Orwell 's unpublished preface gives valuable insight to the political climate of post WWII England."
Easy understanding and great imagery to move to the point of the whole story. I forgot how good the book was until I realized that I finished the book in only two days in which I couldn't set the book down. I highly recommend the book to children from 12-16 years old to let them best understand the political arena once leaving out of public schooling. It is sad and disturbing to come across this book and that now it is not required in English classes throughout America. I easily recommend this book to all students that are interested of politics and social studies. I also would like to say that liberals would also enjoy this book and understand the falsehoods that they practice.
"""Animal Farm"" explains government in such a simple way, it is easy for teens and preteens to understand. The book remains interesting while teaching kids not to believe everything they hear from officials. It gives them something simple to start off with about government, and shows them how a government may become corrupt. I am in 7th grade and I really enjoyed this book because it helped me understand how and why government does what it does. It is only a little, but I think it will give me a solid foundation for learning more."
"I thought Animal Farm was by far one of the best books i ever read.Instead of living the rest of their lives in slavery the animals stoodtogether in a daring rebellion against mankind. After the overthrow of the humans some of the more intellectual animals became as evil and corupte as their former masters.It is a classic story of how power can corupte anyone, and no one could tell it better than George Orwell. I would recommend this book to anyone and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did."
"Needless to say the book needs no introduction, much less a review.  But the main reason I am writing  this is to set the minds of a few reviewers straight.  I could not believe that people read this book without any thought or idea that there may be parallels to the book and our reality.  They seemed to not understand that Orwell was using the fable as a device.  It's funny they say that they could draw no meaning or lesson out of the book at all, because it sounds exactly like the stupid animals on the farm that could not see what was happening before their eyes.  There are so many allusions to events in history the fact that they could not see even a few of them makes me cringe.  Anyway I've finished ranting."
"This is classic Orwell, and a wonderful read!  The story was written about the rise of Communism in Russia, however if you read it there are alot of parallel activities happening in America!  Conspiracy theorist I am not, but the signs are there.  Let's make sure we don't accidentally have a ""big-brother"" situation in the good ole USofA."
"The novel Animal Farm is set in England on a farm called Manor Farm, owned by a Mr. Jones. The Novel starts out with Mr. Jones, after a long night of excessive drinking, fails to lock up the farm properly. Old Major, a highly respected wise old pig, takes the chance to call a big meeting for all the animals. He points out that men take all the benefits while the animals, whom were the cause of such profit, are rewarded with just enough to keep from starving. Old Major suggests a rebellion against the human race, which if succeeded, would let animals live in peace and be free from the tyranny of men. Three days later, Old Major dies and two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball, emerged as leaders of the animals, made sure that Old Majors revolutionary dream stayed alive. The revolution was successful as Snowball and Napoleon then introduce to the animals the seven commandments of animalism:1. Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy.2. Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend.3. No animal shall wear clothes.4. No animal shall sleep in a bed.5. No animal shall drink alcohol.6. No animal shall kill another animal.7. All animals are created equal.For a while, all the animals could feel that life has improved. However, things take on a dramatic change when Napoleon starts to contradict the animalism constitutions set at the very beginning including killing one of his fellow farm animal for attempting to revolt against him, or so he claims. Before anyone could say anything, numbers 4-6 on the animalism constitutions were changed to: 4.) No animal shall sleep in bed with sheets 5.) No animal shall drink alcohol excessively 6.) No animal shall kill another animal without cause As the years pass, the pigs have now all moved into the farmhouse where Mr. Jones once lived. The last constitution was soon changed to All animals are created equal, but some animals are more equal than others. The utopian government the animals were wishing for has turned into a totalitarian dictatorship rule. This book, published in 1956, was a satire towards Stalinist Russia, but using animals as its characters. The book can be seen as a fable, wonderfully written mocking the communist regimes at the time period. The novel also hides the horrific scenes of communist regimes and illustrates what Russia went through without being too direct. Russia, from a revolution against tyranny to a dictatorship just as terrible, is what George Orwell is trying to convey to his readers. The meaning and message of Orwell in this novel is clear and is no doubt The most telling satiric fables ever penned as New York Times states."
"No one views a dictatorship positively except those in charge.  There are a select few that enjoy the benefits of endless power, and a great many that suffer the constant oppression. The few at the top reap the benefits through the sacrifices of the many, as was demonstrated through George Orwell's novel, Animal Farm. The novel is a political satire whose events are modeled after that of the real world, as well as the animal characters representing real people. The plot and characters reveal Orwell's true genius behind his book, as it is a work of literary excellence that greatly impacted society.  George Orwell wrote his political satire, Animal Farm, at a controversial time in history. It was time where he could not truly utilize his right to freedom of speech for fear of deadly repercussions. The structure of the book is completely influenced by this time period.  Despite this hindrance, he was able to create animal characters to represent real political figures and a society that modeled that of the dictatorships of the real world. In Animal Farm, the animals on the Manor Farm overthrew the neglectful farmer that previously took care of them. They created their own society with commandments that all the animals had to follow. Initially, the utopian farm was very successful, but soon, there was a power struggle between two pigs: Snowball and Napoleon. Napoleon and Snowball modeled Joseph Stalin and Leon Trotsky respectively. Napoleon ends up taking control of the Manor Farm and running Snowball out. Napoleon then assumes dictatorial qualities, such as declaring that there will be no more meetings and asserting the pigs will make all the decisions. The rest of the animals become overworked and underfed whereas the pigs drink whiskey and live in luxury, which exactly modeled the conditions in the Soviet Union and other dictatorship societies. Apart from the two main characters, Orwell created many prominent characters were used to symbolize other people. The horse, Boxer, was a hard, honest laborer. His motto was, ""I will work harder"" yet despite this, he was betrayed by Napoleon and sent to a glue factory. He was representative of the working class. Orwell showed the working class' honesty and dedication, yet their downfall was the nave trust they put in their leaders. Additionally, the pig Squealer acted as Napoleon's buffer to the other animals. He announced and justified Napoleon's actions, just as the media does. He modeled the propaganda that those in charge feed to the working class. In the final analysis, George Orwell's novel, Animal Farm, was filled with representations in order to effectively convey his message of his disapproval of a communist society. The characters represented real-life dictators, and the animal farm subsequently turned into a dystopian society. The political satire was effective both when it was written as well as the present day in showing the fallibility of the Soviet Union and countries that lack democracy."
"I've read this and 1984 years ago and they had a big impression on me. I always vaguely remembered the lessons in them. As the events today follow the pattern of 1984 and Animal Farm and after a really humiliating experience at the airport with the TSA, I dug out the books and reread them.After rereading them I felt powerless like I did at the airport. How could people in positions of power be so unjust and abusive of their positions. But after a few days of feeling depressed I went on a quest of self-improvement and to consciously make decisions for the betterment of my family and so that we can be as independent and free of the big brother system that bullies us.I had my husband and brother build a 10x10 foot greenhouse so my family and relatives could have a stable supply of food. I'm not a gardener and I also needed to learn a lot about canning. It's not easy and I was quite scared of this but it's something I needed to do and thankfully my daughter and husband fully support and help me. The foods we don't grow we get from the local farmer's market. We save money from having the greenhouse and use those savings to buy higher quality organic foods. We are all healthier than ever.After weeks of arguing with my husband I quit my part-time job and took my 3rd grade daughter out of her school so I could homeschool her.This was further outside my comfort zone than the greenhouse gardening, but I will no longer allow other people to have responsibilities over how my daughter is raised. With all the homeschool materials out there and my daughter's natural aptitude, this has actually been easier than I expected. We use the Robinson Curriculum mostly and it doesn't require parents to teach. Just be there with your children and guide. The materials will do the teaching.She's learning more, she's better behaved, and we're spending a lot of quality time together even though she only devotes 2 hours a day to studying. This homeschooling has enriched ME more than I can ever describe. I feel empowered, productive, and that I have a life that has meaning. It's a feeling I wish every mother could feel.I will end this review now because I'm off on a tangent. Animal Farm is a must read book."
"I first read ""Animal Farm"" over 45 years ago. My ""Signet Classic"" copy has an introduction by C.M. Woodhouse, which was published in the ""The Times Literary Supplement."" One of his points was that two events occurred in August, 1945, and the target of both was the Soviet Union. One was the dropping of the A-bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which effectively ended the Second World War, but also, as Woodhouse implies, was a warning from the United States to its ally in that war. The other event was the publication of this book, which was a scathing, thinly veiled denunciation of the betrayal of the original principals of the Russian revolution by its leaders. George Orwell had experienced other betrayals as well, having fought on the Republican side in the Spanish Civil War, and bore witness to the failure of the Western democracies to support that side. His account,Homage to Cataloniais highly recommended.Having just re-read the book, I've concluded that it has definitely withstood the ""test of time,"" and remains as relevant today, even though the Soviet Union no longer exists. Orwell's tale is an allegorical one; his prose is lean and to the point. In the best spirit of the ""inmates taking over the asylum,"" Orwell has the animals on ""Manor Farm"" seizing power, and driving off its human owner, a Mr. Jones. The one animal that was most directly allied with Mr. Jones is a black raven, a clever talker, who would convey tales of ""Sugarcandy Mountain,"" way up there is the sky, where all the animal's dreams would come true. Priests anyone?  In the immediate aftermath of the ""revolution,"" new principles are proclaimed. The most important one is that ""All animals are equal."" Not having to support parasitic humans, the animals will now be free to enjoy the fruits of their own labor. The work days will be shortened; retirement benefits proclaimed. Hum!  And yes, within a few pages, the initial problems commence. What happened to the extra milk?Orwell unfolds his tale brilliantly. Step by step, a new hierarchy emerges, with the cleverest of animals, the pigs, in charge. There is a conflict between the two cleverest pigs, once closely allied, Snowball and Napoleon. Snowball loses, and step by step, becomes the personification of all evil. Themes that Orwell developed inNineteen Eighty-Fourare present. He that controls the past controls the future, so it is no surprise to see the past constantly rewritten in order to justify current actions. Orwell depicts many an administration ""spokesperson"" in slimy ""Squealer,"" a cheerleader, rationalizer and literally re-writer, adding key qualifying phrases to the original Seven commandments. Napoleon transforms into the indispensible, aloof leader, who needs much praise, and, of course, lots of ""perks"" as compensation for his heavy duties.The narrow reading of this allegory is that it is solely about totalitarianism.  The broader reading concerns the power relationships which evolve when any three humans gather together. In particular, I have to think about how the ""power elites"" almost lost it in the 2008 financial meltdown, but with only a stumble or two, have re-establish the need for their ""perks,"" and, in the main, most people still go along with it. As in Animal Farm, Napoleon, (i.e., the power elites) constantly uses external ""threats,"" in particular, from the evil Snowball to maintain control. Alliances of convenience have to be made with former enemies. The focus remains on self-aggrandizement; the hedge fund managers need their incentives in order to work hard; the rest, like the ever faithful horse, Boxer, need only exhortations.At the beginning, it was called ""Manor Farm""; after the ""revolution"" it became ""Animal Farm""; and sure `nuf, at the end, it reverts to its original name. It remains an astonishingly true tale for our times, and should be read in all our schools. Of course, nothing might actually change, but it is a telling and sardonic portrait of the human condition. 5-stars plus."
"Animal Farm is a classic novel written by one of the most prolific authors of the 20th century, George Orwell. The book is written as fiction, but essentially it's not. If you wish to understand Orwell's mind read this work, which is disguised as a tale, as true history. This outstanding title is written in such a concise and brilliant manner that it deserves to be remembered by all future generations.Now I want to briefly summarize the work itself. It is about the Russian Revolution of 1917. On one of the farms in England animals decide to orchestrate a revolt against their owner. All the infamous characters of those tumultuous times - Vladimir Lenin, Joseph Stalin, Leon Trotsky, Russian secret police - are here ingenuously depicted. Orwell the literary mastermind had decided to portray the Bolshevik bureaucrats as pigs, which was unbelievably accurate. The oldest pig (Lenin) on the farm had incited all the others to rebel against the `oppressive' regime, and then he died. The animals carried out the plan and gained their `independence'. Eventually the farm animals (common people) granted the pigs (Bolsheviks) absolute power. However, one of the pigs (Stalin), who yearned to be the ultimate ruler, purged the other pig (Trotsky) and started to spread propaganda about him. The former became a dictator and the latter was detested by everyone, because the wicked lies about him were believed.Years passed and the whole farm began to decline, economically and psychologically. All the animals started to realize that life was better before the revolution (during the Tsarist Russia). Meanwhile, the pigs behaved like pigs: retaining dogs (Cheka, Russian secret police of those times) as personal bodyguard, changing the constitution whenever it suited them, and having business relations with people, which was one of the most horrendous violations of their fundamental principles. The author delivered his thorough design until the very last sentence: when the pigs and humans were playing cards, a dispute erupted, and while they were screaming at each other their faces contorted so much that it was impossible to tell them apart.As has become obvious by now that I highly recommend this book. But once again, read it as one of the genuine versions of the Russian Revolution and the beginning of the Bolshevik tyranny.Good day to you."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell  I first read this book 10 years after I was out of high school. I remember my high school english instructor saying something along these lines, ""I see no reason to have you read Animal Farm."" Of course this was the same instructor pushing Clinton/Gore bumper stickers on us for extra credit (kind of like telling kindergardners you'll give them as many Jolly Ranchers as they want if they vote clinton/gore). I was young, impressionable, and living with two far left parents (they both voted for Mondale for God sake). Years later I was actually listening to Michael Savage while in grid lock traffic. He was talking about our current political climate and discussing it in relation to Animal Farm (I had no frame of referance). I was still a far left little wacko myself and was only listening to Savage so I could argue with him (Portland Oregon has a way of doing that to impressionable youth). This was the moment I started to awake from my fog. I decided to purchase this fine book (got it used right here on Amazon for less than a dollar).  If you want specifics about the story this is the wrong review for you. Instead I am going to focus on what this story did to open my eyes. I began to read this book and amazingly my entire political universe changed. Why did my high school teacher decide this book wasn't important. If anything the story is historical in that it describes the reality of the American mind during the cold war. How was this book tossed aside so easily by teachers who were supposed to be teaching me to think for myself? The clouds started to lift from my eyes. I began to realize that I had been blindly following like the rest of the sheeple. That's when I started reading, thinking, not believing statements just because so and so said so.  I eventually gave this book away at a garage sale. It was hard for me to part with this tathered old library copy of Animal Farm. The old horse (Boxer was his name right?) who kept trying to work harder for the Marxist Pigs; only to be sold for slaughter once his usefulness to the Pigs had come to an end. It reminds me of the middle class who say to themselves ""I must work harder"" in our current society to maintain their current standard of living. Will we as Americans end up at the financial slaughter house because of the free trade practices of semi socialist government? Most don't realize that Marx expressed the need for free trade in letters to Engels in order to bring down the bourgeois.  The pigs preached in the beginning that ""four legs good, two legs bad."" Sounds like the nonsense that disseminates like a disease from the Repugnicans and Demoncrats. They both spew their hate and promise change. Yet somehow just like the pigs they both end up walking on two legs in the end. The end of the book states that men were with the pigs (playing cards I believe). They started to fight and their countanences were the same.  This book is a must read if your teacher just so happened to leave this off your high school reading list. Originally written to depict communism. How sad that you can see communism spreading into our own society now."
"I've been a fan of Orwell's work since I first picked up ""1984"" around ten years ago and must admit to having a bit of a soft spot(interpret that as a ""bias"")when it comes to reviewing him.  I have yet to discover one flaw in his sizeable collection of tales and if  you're thinking that ""Animal Farm"" might happen to be the chink  in his armor, then you're wrong. It's a wonderfully well told  ""little"" story(little in that's it's less than 150 pages)about  the happenings of an english country farm and the animal inhabitants who  find it their duty to rebel against the sometimes cruel owner and prove  themselves every bit mankind's intellectual equal. ""Boxer""  demonstrates strength in a submissive yet likable way, ""Moses""  shows a cowardice wisdom, ""Snowball"" is the farm citizen's true  hope for a fair democracy, and ""Napoleon"" destroys it all. You  won't be able to help getting drawn up into the lives of these and the many  other good hearted characters, but the book isn't meant to be a feel good  study on the nature of nature.  It's an example, a sad and realistic view  of collective reasoning and the corrupt leaders that we sometimes follow,  even to our easily predicted demise. The pigs of Animal Farm(the name given  to the farm after the human inhabitants are forced out)are a cruel and  manipulative lot who, led by the Big Brother type propaganda of the  character Napoleon, seek to enslave the citizens of Animal Farm much like  the owners before them.  They fabricate events and change decrees too their  own benefit and nary a whimper is heard from the Animal Farm populace who  all the while swallow Napoleon's meaningless speak with awe struck  dumbness. ""Animal Farm"" as with many of Orwell's stories is  cautionary(a word I've used in many a review).  He's warning us against  accepting everything we see and hear and read at face value.  As you follow  the story you'll begin to sympathize, and then maybe empathize, with the  poor fortune of those lovable souls who only wish to live good and  productive lives but lose even that at the hands of a dictator smart and  cunning enough to convince them that his will is superior and thus must  have priority. If you have the time, pick this book up.  It's a quick and  easy read that will keep you thinking."
"Because of the message this book sends, it should be required reading or listening to all HS or College level kids.  Orwell's message was true when he wrote this and it stands true today on the rise and effects of a Totalitarian or Communist government on a society.  If you have not read or listened to this book, you should.  You would be scared at how certain individuals in our government today use are strikingly familar to some of the characters in this book.  The reason I gave the Audio Book 4 stars instead of 5 is solely because of the Introduction.  The Introduction has many ""spoilers"".  It assumes you already know the story and it gives away many key elements.  It should have been a post script rather than an introduction.  So, get the book but if you have not read or listened to it before, Skip the Introduction!"
"Animal farm is required reading for anyone who professes to know anything about the economy or politics or human nature in general. If you can read this book - which is very short indeed - then you too can learn what is wrong with our society. There is nothing else that needs to be said. The amount of wisdom packed into this fable cannot be overstated.  See how a group of barnyard animals struggle to prevent their oppression from the Humans, with the aim of building a more utopian society where they may live in harmony.  It all sounds so simple - but like most dreams of finding the ultimate reward, things get complicated.  Read this story to see what happens when animals are left in charge of running a government. Then look at your own leaders and compare.Relic113"
"Animal Farm is one of the best books that I have ever read. It is simple to read, doesnt mix too many words and describes a worker's revolution gone wrong or right (depends on which stakeholder you ask this question to).The theme is comparable to communism, labour movements, etc. It is amazing how George Orwell has been able to see the future in 1946 itself and highlight the ills of communism, it you take that comparison.It is very illuminating to see how towards the end communism practices capitalism, trade, etc .. just like how the few surviving governments based on that model are doing :-)The choice of animals, dialogues, etc are very well written. All in all, I cannot recommend it enough."
"I read Animal Farm today. I believe it's the first time I've ever read it, although I've been very familiar with the story since I was a little girl.When I was about four years old, I remember turning the television on to watch Mr. Dressup. A message came up: ""Mr. Dressup will not be shown today. In its place, we will be presenting the animated feature, Animal Farm.""""Oh goody!"" I thought. ""I like cartoons!""So I sat down and started to watch.Bear in mind that I was a very hyper child who never watched anything on television except by fly-by. I'd zoom back and forth, playing as hard as I could, occasionally pausing to catch a couple of moments of tv programming. I sat perfectly still in front of the television for the entirety of Animal Farm, and when Boxer, the faithful, hardworking horse was sent off to the glue factory, I raged and screamed and cried and stamped my feet and shook my fists. I screamed, ""It's not fair! It's not fair!"" over and over again.Well over three decades later, I still remember watching that cartoon. I remember the sense of helpless rage and horror. I may not have understood the concepts of communism or absolute power doing its absolute corruption, but I was able to recognize when something wasn't right.I can't say an episode of Mr. Dressup ever effected me similarly.So I read the book today, and I felt the same sense of righteous indignation with those pigs that I did as a four-year-old. But this time I didn't stomp and scream. I sat quietly and my brain barraged me with parallels, feeling rather like Alex in the forced eye-opening scene from A Clockwork Orange.There aren't many books which engage me so viscerally."
Too many readers have stated that this book is irrelevant now that the Russian revolution is over. But you should realize that the Russian revolution has no bearing on this material whatsoever. So what if it is  modeled after real persons? The importance of this book comes from its  lessons about the danger of power and manipulation and corruption. It is  more relative now than ever.
"Animal Farm is a parable that can be related to nearly any system of government ever used by humanity.  This story was written to reflect the real-life situation of communism.  All of the major characters of this  story were created to resemble a character in the true drama of the  communist rule of the Soviet Union.  Old Major, the philosopher-pig with a  dream, resembles Karl Marx, the man who wanted equality for all the workers  of the world.  Napoleon, the pig-half man, is like Vladimir Lenin, the man  who twisted Marxism so that nearly half of the world was working as his  slaves and they loved him for it.  Boxer the draft horse resembles the  workers of eastern Europe, who were convinced that Lenin was a great man as  he worked them to death.  Mr. Jones, the former owner of Manor Farm,  represents the czars of Russia who were murdered so that Lenin could take  over their position.  These similarities were created intentionally to  closer relate the story to reality.  George Orwell raises an  interesting question with the close of this novel.  As it ends nobody can  discern between pigs and men.  The pigs had risen up out of the muck to  live as humans do, that is by enslaving all other creatures of god's  creation.  As the novel closed pigs lived and associated with men, acted  like men, and proved themselves as capable of holding a position of  leadership as any man. Through endless bickering, accusations, and general  laziness men showed themselves as no greater than pigs.  The enigma which  arises from this situation is this: Is Humanity nothing but pigs or are  pigs like humans with four legs and snouts?  Napoleon the Pig is also  an enigma to me.  He used his fellow beasts' fascination with the  philosophy of Old Major to manipulate them into working towards his goals.  When he entered his position as supreme-commander-president-king of the  Animal Farm, he seemed like a kind and just ruler.  As time went on he grew  more and more tyrannical, beginning by lying to his subjects and eventually  executing everyone who disagreed with him, all in the name of animalism.  Although the pig exemplifies all the traits of humanity that I loathe, I  know a filthy swine is in the place of power and I am but a common citizen.  I am not sure about how I would feel if I were in the position of comrade  Napoleon.  On one hand, I would be happy that I was making out as a thief,  but on the other hand I would feel guilt about treating my subjects as  slaves.  Napoleon is truly the king of all vermin, a position that I wish I  could lower myself to fill.  I think Animal Farm is an excellent story.  The story is an invaluable educational tool for the purpose of relating  the true story of communism to something that can be understood by people  who have not experienced it for themselves.  For this reason I would  strongly recommend this story as not only a very informative parable but  also as an enjoyable story for anyone with any knowledge of the Russian  Revolution and the Cold War."
"While I'm usually not a big fan of fiction, ""Animal Farm"" proved to be an exception.  In fact, I nearly devoured the short book in one sitting.  For years, I have known that it is an important work.  Having secured a garage-sale copy for a song, I decided it was time see what all the fuss was about.Orwell despised totalitarianism and freely admitted that ""Animal Farm"" was an deliberate assault against it.  That much is obvious to the reader.  Thankfully, he understood totalitarianism better in his day than do most people today with far more exposure to it.The story is well-written and it goes like this: Farmer Jones is a disreputable sort of guy.  He mistreats his animals and causes them to resent his rule.  Inspired by an old boar named ""Major"", every animal on the farm conspires against him.  Shortly thereafter, they seize their opportunity and run off Mr. Jones along with his wife.  The farm is theirs.  I expected the story at this point to chronicle the animals' demise.  However, the animals manage the farm with surprising effectiveness, thanks largely to the ambitious and intelligent oversight of the pigs.  The crops are planted and harvested.  The cows are milked.  They even teach themselves to read and write.  Seven commandments of ""Animalism"" are publicly posted and give order to farm life.  Each represents a criticism of humanity (e.g., ""No animal shall kill any other animal"").  In time, the pigs begin to take advantage of their superior intellect, demanding special privileges in the once-equal society.  One pig in particular, Napoleon, through trickery and eventually murder, becomes the supreme ruler of Animal Farm.  Predictably, his central planning leads to failures.  Covering up his failures leads to the misuse of resources and, therefore, more failures.  All the while, Napoleon is most concerned with accumulating power and demonizing his predecessor, ""Snowball"" (an exiled pig).  One by one, all seven of the original commandments are transgressed by the privileged pig class.  When murmurings surface concerning the violation of the commandments, Napoleon's spokespig, ""Squealer,"" in Jay Carney-like fashion utilizes clever demagoguery and historical revisionism to deceive the other animals.This book wouldn't have been half as fascinating to me if it weren't for the observation of its prophetic fulfillment in the Obama administration.  See if you can read the book without being reminded of, for example, promises of refreshing transparency and criticisms of Bush's deficits.  As if he had lived to see our day, Orwell perfectly portrays the hypocrisy of the Democrat party's enlarging upon the very offenses they (with great sanctimony) formerly condemned.  The parallels are so uncanny one is tempted to wonder if the book has been circulated in the White House as a manual.  Equally disturbing is the accuracy with which Orwell's depiction of the malleable horses and sheep captures the gullibility of young, loyal Democrats.  Although the book is entertaining in its own right, it should be treasured most for its warnings about the real world."
"England Mid 1940s:A time and place where it was taboo, and absolutely politically incorrect to say anything bad about ""our Russian Allies"".One of the most liberal countries of that time, freedom of speech was a reality, there was no coercion to the press and it could publish freely, and yet... editors and writers both gagged themselves of their own volition, you could speak hard at Churchill but not a single flaw would be pointed out about the Soviet Allies: some would say ""it's not the right moment to do so"", others were simply to nearsighted.At the time it was virtually implausible for any one person not to have a saying on Communism or Socialism, George Orwell argued that information should be had of both sides, he could not fathom that the great thinkers and philosophers of his time would only focus on the positive aspects and decidedly block out all thing negative about such a regime... He decided to put an end to it.In this book, Orwell gives a harsh and ruthless critique to the Totalitarian Regime born from the Russian Revolution. Trough use of literary figures, Orwell writes an allegory that's hard to miss, the parallelism is extremely clear, you can basically substitute names and titles with those of the main players of the Russian Revolution.Obviously the author ran into a lot of trouble to get the book published, even his editor thought badly of his writings, but eventually he managed to have it done and thus we now have the opportunity to read this masterpiece.Animal Farm is the chronicle of a betrayed revolution, of the clash of classes that in the end turns into the same class structure which meant to be forever abolished, you will definitely enjoy more this book if you have some basic knowledge of the Russian Revolution but the allegory can be extrapolated to basically any ""revolution"" and means to get you thinking and never to take anything at face value, it encourages you to read between the lines.The author's use of allegory is masterful, his imagery artistic, his message a learning experience, and the book as a whole is an extremely enjoyable read."
"Animal Farm is a book that describes communism in Russia's history. It is written with symbols, so it is easy to understand for all ages. Animal Farm is also sophisticated enough to keep all ages interested.  Major, the older pig, symbolizes Karl Marx. He tells of a dream where animals prosper and they are not controlled by humans. Soon after he tells of this dream, he dies. One night, when the humans are expecially lazy, the animals overthrow the humans and chase them from the farm. Snowball and Napolean appear as leaders, who symbolize Trotsky and Stalin respectively.  Snowball and Napolean usually disagree on how to run things, but Snowball presents the ideas that are better for the whole. While Snowball was the better speaker, Napolean gained support between speeches easier.  On a specific day, Snowball and Napolean were giving reasons for and against building a windmill. Snowball was for it and gave an inspiring speech about how it would be hard but the luxeries that came from it would far outweigh the work. Napolean on the other hand gave a half-hearted speech on why it was a bad idea. After his speech, he makes a little yelp and dogs come in and chase Snowball off the farm, just as Trotsky was expelled from Russia.  Napolean starts to go against the main rules of Animalism (communism) and his propaganda machine, Squealer, always explains how they ""forgot"" the rule or parts of it while he just changed it. Napolean gets richer while the farm as a whole gets poorer. Rations get cut and things are the same if not worse than before the animals took over. The only one who realizes this is the stubborn donkey named Benjamin. The only one that realizes what Napolean was doing, and for some reason does nothing.  I recommend this for anyone interested in a good story, expecially if you want to learn more about how communism went down in Russia. It provides the Communist story in a easy to learn way, yet does not dumb it down so that you get left with holes in what happened."
"This was a really good book, I recommend this book to anyone because it is an easy read but yet portrays a really important message. It was clever how deceitful the pigs are in this book, very good and interesting story line and plot. The characters were interesting, the fact that the regular farm animals that worked their butt off were so oblivious to what was happening and couldn't see that they were being used. The setting isn't anything amazing but the characters in the farms around Manor Farm are interesting, they from hating the pigs and animals to being best friends with the pigs. But all in all this was a very good book that gives a very good example of totalitarianism."
"So Communism is bad because it becomes, in the end, like Capitalism. What destroyed Communism in Europe? Lech Walensa and the trade union Solidarity. Why won't Communism in China come to an end? Because capitalist companies like Walmart won't support unionization in China. Chinese communism survives in China because of support from American companies; alone it would tumble to despair. The rich brotherhood of Capitalism and the slavery of Communism are in alliance in China and it has put American Democracy in its greatest jeopardy ever, prophetic of the classic ending of this book. Democracy has to be protected and nurtured on its own terms, beyond economic theory and systems."
"I love how George Orwell goes about getting his message across in his books and this one is no exception. It revolves around animals at a farm who are intelligent, can communicate and have a hierarchy. Its about how cruel people are to them and how they deal with it or dont deal with it. You really come to feel incredibly bad for the animals. It almost seams propagandist at times. Its a metaphor for the have and have nots in society. The people at the top and bottom, the rich and poor, Gods and Clods. There is just a lot of metaphors and lessons to be learned in it. Its one of my favorites. Its a pretty short book and quick read, but you get a real bang for your buck."
"I don't think I can add much more praise to what has already been mentioned, suffice to say that it is one of life's must read books, and that it is a brilliant damming indictment on communism. The animals well meaning idea of a Utopian farm being cruelly destroyed by a corrupt pig and his minions, is a brilliant parallel of a human desire to build a Utopian Heaven on Earth being knocked sideways by the corruptibility and sinfulness that exists in all humans. You end up feeling intensly sorry for Boxer, wishing that Snowball would come back, hoping that the animals have the guts to start a rebellion fairly early on and trying to avoid a sneaking and vindictive desire to see Napoleon and Squealer packed off to the nearest abitoir and served as rashers of bacon on a farmers breakfast plate."
"Animal Farm is Orwell's classic recasting of Bolshevik and Soviet history as an animal fable. The righteousness of the desire not to be subjugated, the purges, he gets it all in, even the Tehran Conference, and even the political use of constant threats by counter-revolutionaries and Trotskyites.Look for the edition that includes Orwell's original introduction (not found again until the 1970s), and Orwell's preface to the Ukrainian edition (which, ironically, had to be translated back into English since the original English text has been lost). These are interesting documents in their own right that put the work in historical and political context."
"I really enjoyed this book. It's not as funny as it seems it should be, but there is humor. It makes you think about the way animals really do think of us.Animal Farm is a book about a group of English farm animals who take over the farm they live on. They want freedom for all animals, but one of the pig leaders gets rid of the other and the cycle of cruelty starts all over again. The animals don't realize that they are being treated worse than ever and they believe whatever they're told.It's a good book and it made me think about how certain people (or animals in this case) can manipulate and turn the power over to themselves."
"I absolutely loved Animal Farm! I enjoyed the take on communism and how, overtime the pigs became more and more human like.Until all of the animals main rules are gone. At the beginning of the book Old Major ( an old pig ) told of a revolution and how the animals would overtake the humans, their masters.He also sung Beasts of England the main song of the revolution. Finally when the animals over threw their masters,being the smartest animals,the pig took control. This lead to an interesting story of how the animals  would survive without breaking their own rules which unfortunately does not happen.Animal Farm is definitely worth reading!"
"I bought this after my high school teacher said I should read it. I was quite suprised when it was funny. The story is simple. A bunch of mistreated animals decide they have had enough of the farmers tyranny and overthrow the farmers. They then rename the farm Animal Farm with tha pigs as rulers. everything works out well, but then the pigs get more and more tyrannical, until one pig, Napoleon, takes over alltogether and they are no better off than they had been under the rein of the humans. This book is both funny and bizarre. i find it hard to believe that an unconventional book like this is regarded as a classic. The best book ever written."
"I came from a communist country, so the first few chapters of this book gave me good laughs --- because it describes the communist mentality so accurately --- until the story gets too serious to laugh about. There are so many to relate to: We used to sing ""beasts of England""; we are constantly afraid that other farmers will come; Boxer was my role model in my teenage years,etc. I found myself keep fliping to the back cover of this book because I simply couldn't believe this book was written in 1946! And the same story repeated itself for another 50 years! This book is not just about USSR, it is a short history for every communist country."
"Animalsfarm is an allegory. George Orwell hid the persionalities of importatnt people from the Russian Revolution into animals. The animals at first experience a problem when the farmer of their farm isnt giving themenough food. After they notice this they realize that they need to rebel. In the end they rebel and get the farm to them selves. Soon they make rules on how to live and everyone must follow them. SNOWBALL (a pig) who in real life was Trotskiy takes charge and starts designing a lot of good things until NEPOLIAN, Stalin, and takes his trained DOGS, the kgb, and makes them chase SNOWBALL out of the farm. Then NEPOLIAN becomes more and more like a human and treats the animals even more harsh then the farmer himself"
"I believe that good literature can often provide a deeper understanding of the implications of history and political/philosophical ideas....Animal Farm is an easy to read fable which quickly conveys how the most well intentioned ideas can be turned into a means of social slavery in the hands of the wrong people (as they say,'absolute power corrupts absolutely')who coddle and finally coerce gullible followers.....a lesson on the vital importance of real democracy and the need for literacy at every level of society.So read the book, and save your hide. You'll understand that line....after you read the book!"
"I never read this in high school, so I picked it up recently.  It's a very thin book (a little over 100 pages) and a quick read.  I found the story to be very insightful - while the story is about farm animals...the behaviors were very analogous to humans.  The story begins with a bunch of farm animals plotting the overthrow of a farm.  They are able to take the farm over and kick out the farmer and his family.  I loved following the progress of the animals - how they work together, their organizational evolution and power struggles.  I found myself comparing the story to corporate America.  This was a great book!!"
"This is a fantastic allusion for why you should be skeptical, if not mistrusting, of those who claim to act in your best interest and infringe on your freedoms for the sake of a greater freedom. Through almost absurd metaphors Orwell shows how the road to tyranny begins with unbridled trust and unchecked power.There are a number of great quotes and series of events that are memorable and will make you think. It's a very easy read: short and simply written - so regardless of your reading level, you should not have a problem reading this at a manageable pace and following the story line mostly with ease."
"Animal Farm is my favorite book in the whole world.  I have read it at least four times --- each time in one sitting, because it is a very easy book to read, and once I start it, I cannot put it down.  The first time I read it, I was in the 7th grade.  I was an excellent student in school, but I did not like to read, because virtually all the books written for children and young adults that I had ever been assigned or offered in school I found to be insipid and boring. Imagine when I began reading Animal Farm and I suddenly discovered that not all books are like that, that books can be GREAT!  What an eye opener."
"This is a book every American should read. Orwell obviously was writing about communism, especially the rise of the USSR but the ideas expressed are just as relevant todayModern liberalism identifies itself as sympathetic to Marxism but they believe THEY are able to get it right. They will be fair and just because THEY know better than the rest of us lowly animals. They constantly re-write the rules of animalism (the US Constitution or basic morality) to make it fit their own agenda.All animals are created equal but some animals (the Clinton's) believe they are more equal than others."
"Animal Farm is an interesting fable by George Orwell.  It is in contrast with the Russian Revolution, and you smile at the way Orwell combines the historic event into his piece of literature.  The characters are endering and dim-witted, and we like this about them.  The fact that they are confused and helpless, but determined nonetheless makes the novel go off.  The end is a little bit of a let down, but it brings into percpective what Orwell is trying to prove.  The pigs have becomes the thing which all the animals had feared all along.  Along the way of their transformation, we are entertained and amused."
"Now before I start don't be offended by the title of this review, and if you don't know who Wilbur is he is a pig in the book ""Charlettes Web"". Animal Farm is basicly a history of russia's government rule, how Karl Marx had this great dream where no one was poor and everyone was happy, (by the way Old Major is Karl Marx in the book.) but of course it does not work out that way and slowly throughout the entire book how the pigs start running the farm there own way and eventualy the farm is, well, a communist farm. This is such a good book to show the infalicies of man, anyone should read this book."
"My class read it in class together and i personally thought it was a good book and would like to read it a second time.My class is making a summary book on Animal Farm because ny techer loves the book!Animal Farm is a book about andimals that represents the cruelty during the Russian Revolution.Each animal in the book stands for a person who played a role in the Russian Revolution.The pigs,the leaders, are taking over and it is the same as when Mr.Jones was there they'll find out.I also reccomend the move Animal Farm.It has alot a differences from the book but is a good movie."
"My book is Animal Farm by George Orwell. It was 140 pages long. It was about farm animals that want to have freedom, so they overthrow the alcoholic farmer and the pigs become the leaders. Even though the animals again become slaves to the ruling pigs, they are under the illusion that they're better off then they were before. The use of the animals is a creative way to tell about the time of communism in Russia. I liked it because it was alot funner to read and more interesting than a textbook. I would recommend this book to anyone, and it was probably intended for high school age and up."
"While I'm sure that this is not the greatest prose that has ever been written, this book is a joy to read in itself. Orwell, himself a socialist, paints a brilliant allegory of the Russian Revolution and its evolution  into Stalinism by 1945 using a fable of a mass of animals on a farm  rebelling from their capitalistic oppression by the consumers. It certainly  falls short of, as some here seem to beleive, a total  economic/philosophical evaluation of Communist societies in general, but  nevertheless it's a brilliant satire on their nature and how human (animal)  nature betrays idealism."
"Personal Interest Assessment:  10Response: This excellent book is about the concepts of revolution, lies, and totalitarianism.  In Manor Farm, all of the animals decide that they had enough of human rule and declared a rebellion against the Jones', who were their masters.  After driving them off, they were amazed and renamed the farm to Animal Farm.  At first, the animals enjoyed independence and decided to start a constitution with a simple message: All Animals are Created Equal.  The three deceitful and cunning pigs, Napoleon, Snowball, and Squealer, wasted no time to mislead the other animals.  While the animals struggled as Snowball fled, the pigs take advantage of this and start taking advantage of the other animals.  Eventually, the others realize the errors of the commandments.  One example is that they cannot sleep in beds.  They realized it was that they could not sleep on beds with sheets (sheets was a human invention).  Another was that they thought an animal shall not kill another animal; they found out that it was really an animal shall not kill another animal without cause.  As many other double standards were being discovered, they all lead to the greatest error of them all.  All Animals are Created Equal... But Some Animals are More Equal Than Others.  By then, it was too late when the pigs reestablished totalitarian rule and renamed the farm back to Manor Farm. This amazing book is an unforgettable one as it moved and interested me a lot.  The book talked with vivid detail and it shows the hypocrisy of Communism/Totalitarianism.  The book was also finished within days, because it was for once, an extremely addicting book.  The message the book says is clear, jaw-dropping and well done.  Perhaps the most shocking parts of the book was how the pigs lied about the healthcare for Boxer.  Boxer, the hard-working horse, was instead sent to a glue factory, where he will die.  To conclude, this book is by far, one of the best I read thus far.P.S. Animal-Real Person GuideMajor- MarxNapoleon- Stalin and George W. BushSquealer- Khruschev and Dick CheneySnowball- TrotskyFarmer Jones- Czar Nicholas the 2ndFarmer Fredrick- HitlerBoxer- Will of the Soviets; CitizensThe Dogs- Soviet Secret PoliceMoses, the Raven- Preacher of the Orthodox ChurchThe Messenger Birds- Spreaded Communism to DPRK(North Korea), Cuba, China, Hungary*, East Germany*, and South Yemen**No longer communist"
"You all know the saying that you can't judge a book by it cover.  The book Animal Farm by George Orwell makes this old saying true.  Beyond the old tattered pages lies a timeless classic.  This story is about the life on a  farm.  The animals and the farm duties are neglected and the animals are  fed up with Farmer Jones.  Lead by a prize pig Major, the animals decide to  revolt.  The animals take over the farm and run the farm for themselves.  When doing this they change the name to Animal Farm and now they are  completely in charge.  Later in the story some of the animals break the  rules and make their own rules for life on the farm.  This only leads to  problems with the operation of the farm.  The story of Animal Farm is told  in a simple straightforward style.  The sentences are often short and  simple.  ""Old Major cleared his throat and began to sing.""  This  story is a fictitious story that is a fable.  This means that is usually  has a moral and animals act like humans.  Orwell did a great job of making  these animals very much like humans.  In the story for example the dogs  still bite and growl, yet the still support Napoleon's drive for political  power.  Another example is how the pigs eat mash and they also drink  whiskey and walk on two legs by the end of the story.  I feel the moral of  the story was revealed in the last lines of the story.  ""Twelve voices  were shouting in anger, and they were all alike.  No question, now, what  had happened to the faces of the pigs.  The creatures outside looked from  pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it  was impossible to say which was which.""  I hope I didn't ruin the  ending of the story for you.  This story also has great description that  kept me interested.  ""With the ring of light from his lantern dancing  from side to side, he lurched across the yard, kicked off his boots at the  back door, drew himself a last glass of beer from the barrel in the  scullery, and made his way up to bed, where Mrs. Jones was already  snoring.""  I felt that this book was very easy to read; yet the  meaning behind it took more time to grasp.  It is only 118 pages and can be  finished on a rainy afternoon.  The story's ending summed up the plot of  the story very well.  This happened when the last commandment was written  ""But some animals are more equal than others.""  This had been  proven true when the pigs rebelled from all of the other farm commandments.  I liked this book a lot because it seemed to be very realistic.  Even  though these were animals, their actions were almost just like humans.  This story might not be for everyone because of the deep messanges  portrayed at the end of the story.  Yet I would recommend this book to most  anyone because it makes you see that there isn't a perfect society  anywhere.  There will always be someone that breaks the rules and tries to  be better than everyone else."
"This superb and concise classic should be read by every person that cherishes freedom or fears abuses of government power.  The novel centers on a group of animals that take over their farm and establish their own government.  One of their commandments states that, ""All Animals Are Equal.""  This lofty slogan soon changes as the pigs, who are in the position of great influence, become tempted by privilege and power.  Soon the pigs run roughshod over the other species, and twist their commandments to justify violence against the other animals, who find themselves violated and betrayed.  The analogies to the 1917 Communist Revolution in Russia are unmistakable - workers foolishly believed Lenin's slogan (""Peace, Bread, Land"") only to find themselves betrayed by a brutal dictatorship that crushed freedom with secret police killings, forced collectives, and Stalinist gulags.Author George Orwell (1903-1950) understood treachery, power, violence and greed.  Sadly, this readable story contains a remarkable ring of truth."
"Do you ever wonder what would happen if animals could fight for themselves; if they overthrew their masters? Can you imagine what terrible things could happen? Find out in the fantasy Animal Farm by George Orwell. I learned a lot from this book. I already knew that communism was a bad thing but Orwell really demonstrates illustratively what horrors could surface from such a system. This book, although plagued with symbolism, is an extremely easy read on the exterior, but there is more depth than meets the eye, like the parallels to Russian History at the time the book was published in 1946. This deeper meaning was one of the things I liked about the book; that, and how quickly the story moved along. What I didn't like was the ending, perhaps just because the ending was sad. It left me with a feeling of depression, but it was very accurate in showing how this situation would end if the story were real. However, throughout the first half of the book, when things were looking up for Animal Farm, it was a very exciting read. My favorite character in the book was the mare, Clover. This horse didn't play such a big part in the beginning, but she demonstrates courage and determination by the end. Everything was very well explained and it didn't end on a cliffhanger. I would only recommend this book to a friend who would appreciate the symbolism because otherwise everything would go right over his head. I don't think I would read any other books by George Orwell, at least not voluntarily. It's extremely interesting to see how an actual commune of animals would work. If you think your relatives or friends are pigs, you might change your mind after reading this book."
"Many people think that since the basis of Orwell's classic story is about the failure of the Russian Revolution, it is not really relevant to the post-Communist world, particularly the Western Democracies. NOTHING COULD BE FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH.  Orwell, one of the most perceptive observers of human society who ever lived, was describing political life as it is lived in ALL political systems.  It is true that democracies generally do not use force to impose their will on their populations the way dictatorships do, but their manipulation of public opinion, propaganda and ""well-meaning"" social engineering are all reflected in Orwell's ""fairy story"".  For example...""Surely you don't want Jones back!"".  Many politicians use this to justify breaking their promises by claiming that ""true, I did the opposite of what I promised, but you don't want the OTHER guys back in, so you still have to support me!""Or, how about ""Snowball is responsible!""?  This is a case of a political leader demonizing some ""enemy of the people"" and blaming all their problems on this person (or religion, or class, or ideology, etc) and using this to mobilize public opinion to support the leader's policies, even if the people really don't want it, fearing that things would be worse if Snowball is allowed to act freely.This book is a warning of how unscrupulous leaders (or even basically well-meaning ones who can succumb to the temptations of power) can hijack the most idealistic movements and twist them around to benefit themselves alone.  All concerned citizens who care about freedom should read this book and learn how to identify the threats to their society."
"""Animal Farm"" is a book which is based on a historical background. The themes are: ""The Russian Revolution"" and ""Power Corrupts"". The story itself contains a believable mixture of human and animal characters. All animals of this book symbolize persons they lived in reality. For example: The pig Napoleon stands for Stalin, the pig Snowball represents Trotzky etc. The end of the novel is particularly bleak. No solution is held out - the bloody and cruel way in which the animals hopes of a happy and free future are destroyed. The events are told in a chronological order. Orwell's style is straightforward and direct and we tend to take what he says at face value. We do not question his interpretation of the characters and feel that he is telling the truth. I think when you want to read this story, you have to know the history, because otherwise it would be very difficult to understand the diffrent contexts. It's a book which is surely very interesting for history fans"
"Animal Farm is a very well-written, interesting satire of revolution and totalitarianism. Despite its age (the book was first published in 1945) it remains relevant to this day. Although it is often interpreted as a satire of Communism, I think that it can represent any form of oppression. After all, in the end, when the animals are watching the pigs (Communists) and the humans (Capitalists) playing cards, they ""looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which."" Animal Farm is as much a satire of oppressive capitalists as it is of oppressive Communists, because when you get right down to it, there isn't that much of a difference. This book is still relevant today, particularly in the assessment of the way that one form of oppression ends, only to usher in another. Looking at events in places like Bosnia and Congo (formerly Zaire) I think that this book still has a useful message today"
"First, let me say that this review is not about the story Animal Farm - which is a masterpiece and classic that I read years ago. I just purchased this version for my son, who must read the book this summer and was completely disappointed in this edition. It is very strange and not from a main publishing house - and it says inside the cover ""for sale in countries which have copyright period of 63 years  or less from  the year of the authors death"".  They type face is minuscule and the tactile experience and joy one can get from a book is definitely not in this edition, which feels like a cheap printout that someone bound together. The chapters do not even begin on separate pages.  I don't see how anyone would get excited about reading this version!  I will end up purchasing another one at the local book store and keeping this as it will end up costing me about the same to return it. I wish some of the reviews had mentioned this!"
"FIRST,I am not a Bush supporter. SECOND, I love Animal Farm. Give the story a 5 star rating. But this edition is very disappointing in two ways - the quality of the printing is poor and the cover is childish for the cover of a great and universal piece of literature. Here is why I sent 15 copies back. Here is what is wrong with the cover. Animal Farm is a superb piece of allegorical writing. It is supposed to represent, as great fiction does, all times, all people, any example of fascism past or present. The cover of this edition particularizes what should be general. It editorializes. My advice, buy another edition."
"Animal Farm begins as a tale of triumph over the human race for animals. Yet as it continues you realize the humans never really left. The pigs take over and become the one thing they swore they hated. The worst part is the other animals don't do anything about it and suffer, and whether they do in the future or not we never find out. If happy endings are your thing, forget about this book, because it only represents the cruelest and hardest parts of life, from where there is no rescue. It is disappointing in happiness, yet you cant leave the book unsatisfied, for it does contain a powerful message,we all need to learn whether we like to hear it or not. Life is not all sugar and gumdrops, it also contains Brussels sprouts and tripe, and some people only get the sprouts and tripe, when most of us have the sugar and gumdrops. Orwell is an amazing author and the book is amazing, but for a mature audience( such as myself)."
"I had to read it for school, and although I love reading, I somehow had a preconception of Animal Farm as dry and too political.  I was so wrong!  I loved every page of this book.  You don't have to be someone who only reads  edifying classics to appreciate it.  It's compelling and very well-written,  and enjoyable and understandable even though I'm the first to admit I don't  know much about politics!  I loved its relentless cynicism. I'd  highly recommend Animal Farm to anyone who's 15 or older. Four legs  good, two legs bad!"
"With the end of the Cold War, Animal Farm, so clearly modelled on the Russian Revolution, may have lost the urgency it once had.  (I first read the book as a high-school student in the mid-1970s.)  Nevertheless, the course of the revolution described in Animal Farm is characteristic of so many modern Western revolutions, beginning, of course, with the French Revolution.  It remains a brilliant, cautionary tale about the perils of attempting to bring about the eschaton on terms that are compatible with secular modernity (or postmodernity)."
"I'd heard about this book, but not enough to spoil the surprise that came with the great ending of ""Animal Farm."" Although I recently read ""1984,"" and felt that some of the same themes resurfaced in ""Animal Farm,"" this book was fresh enough to make it a worthwhile read. I've been recommending this book vigourously to friends and family, even if they had already read ""Animal Farm"" in high school. The fact that the book stuffs this much food for thought into 101 pages is amazing."
"Some have said George Orwell's strength lies in his stories and ideas, not his writing. Granted, he's no genius with words and style, but I like his smooth and succinct way of writing.This in addition with the relative  shortness of Animal Farm makes it a fairly quick read. You get a great  satirical look at the beautiful idea that was transformed into a perversion  of itself in Russia/the USSR in the beginning of the 20th century. It's  even cute at first, so cute you might even consider reading it to your  kids. Although the smallest might find the rest a little too scary, this  might serve as a serious thoughtprovoker if combined with intelligent  parents.Just don't do it without reading it yourself first.It helps  if you know something about the Russian revolution and the situation there.  Actually the similarities began bothering me at one time, but I think the  book gives a great viewing point to the USSR and what it COULD have been  about.But remember: don't leave your brains in the wrong pair of pants  while reading the book."
"This book is funny, sad, uplifting, and angering all at the same time.  It is a story about how the farm animals rebel against their farmer.  They try to set up a 'democratic government', so to speak.  Their leader is driven out and soon they adopt a 'communist government' status.  Relates so much to the US and Communist Russia in the 60's, 70's, and 80's.  It is a good, yet short read that is funny for the age period of 12 and up.  It is a VERY worthwhile book that is VERY entertaining"
"""...but Animal farm was written almost sixty years ago!"" And it was, written by George Orwell in the onset of the Second World War and the Red Scare the U.S went through. Orwell wrote Animal Farm to express his views on how Communism and idealism and nationalism however good in theory, could not work in practice due to the faults of human nature. Look around you--it is happening today, and the more people who read Animal Farm and understand it's message, the better."
"Animal Farm is a great book. Many people read it in the context of the Russian Revolution. However, at least for me, its warning goes much farther. It is an unfortunate fact of life that people in power will use their position to usurp more power, and eliminate their colleagues so as to reap the rewards of their efforts. It happens everyday in businesses across America. I suspect this is at the root of why people sometimes ""go postal"""
"This compelling book is written in a melodic, fairy tale fashion, that can entertain children.  But the in-depth sociological issues it portrays are life-lessons for adults.Ralph Steadman illustrates this particular print in such a way as to amuse children, and explain the book to adults.This book analyzes Russia's revolution, and analyzes political motives everywhere.  An Excellent book, worth many praise, and worth purchasing for yourself"
"The novel ""Animal Farm,"" by George Orwell, is one of the most fascinating books I have ever read. A disturbing look at a totalitarian society, ""Animal Farm"" is an allegorical masterpiece, which may or may not be centered around the Russian Revolution. It's plot simple yet captivating, its characters deep and true, ""Animal Farm"" is the only kind of political novel I would recommend to anyone.  -Ben/1"
"This book isn't about animals ruling the world. Orwell uses symbolism to educate us about the Soviet Union and what was going on there. At the end when the pigs turn into humans, it means that Stalin is becoming just like the old tsar, which the humans represented. You should definently know something about the Russian revolution before reading this, so you can understand about what each animal represents."
"+++++THIS classic, brief novel by George Orwell (whose real name was Eric Arthur Blair, 1903 to 1950) is probably the most famous of all twentieth-century political allegories.  (An allegory is a story in which people, things, and happenings have a hidden or symbolic meaning.)  When it was first published, it made Orwell famous overnight.It tells the fable of a group of barnyard animals who revolt against their harsh human master, causing him to flee.  The animals establish a system of socialism.  (Socialism is a political and economic philosophy that states that only when the state controls the means of production and distribution will its members share its profits and rewards.)  However, things go wrong and go full circle as the animals soon find themselves subjected to an even worse tyranny instigated by their own kind.For those who know about the Russian (or Bolshevik) revolution of 1917, it is also a satire on Stalinism.  (Josef Stalin soon was ruling Russia after the revolution as a totalitarian or absolute dictator.)  Many of the animal characters in the novel parallel those of the Russian revolution.  The farm itself is a model of Russia at this time.There are countless themes that run throughout this novel.  Major ones include the role of the population, religion and tyranny, and false allegiance.Finally, Orwell's spare prose and the logic of this dark comedy illuminate the stark message he coveys to the reader.  The book is very easy to read and even children will enjoy reading it.In conclusion, this is a brilliant novel that lays out a vision that gives us a clear understanding of the possible consequences of our social and political acts!!(novel first published 1945;  10 chapters;  main narrative 95 pages)+++++"
"Orwell's writing is simple yet the ideas set forth are penetrating and stimulating. I was hooked to Animal Farm from the start reading it in a few hours. I know that there have been comments and analysis on his work that describe this master piece as a poignant criticism of Marxist ideology, yet deeper thought and analysis of Animal Farm points to the propensity of power to corrupt under any political system independent of ideology. Someone once said that the propaganda machine in a democratic society is just -or more effective-than the whip in a blatantly totalitarian society; examples of this phenomenon are evident throughout the book from beginning to end.This work speaks loudly to today's generation in any democratic society. It speaks of the responsibility to be informed and to think independently with a willingness to objectively assess the policies and decisions of the political leaders we elect. No longer can we simply allow our leaders to decide strictly on the assumption that they know what is best for our own good.  Nor can we allow our opinions to be molded by government's propaganda machine: the mass media.Orwell completed this work in 1948 giving the piece a sort of uncanny prophetic feel, if one extrapolates it's content to describe the shadow on politics cast by tyrannical corporations under current free market neo-liberal policies. It's too simplistic to describe Animal Farm as a criticism and warning against Communist totalitarian regimes; moreover, it speaks of class war and what the elite will do to keep the lower classes in check.Furthermore, this a must read for those interested in the power of group think as well as the use of propaganda and language to manipulate thought. I sincerely wish this would be read mentally digested by everyone who considers himself/herself a citizen of the world or aspires to become one."
"Animal farm book reviewGeorge Orwell's Animal Farm is a good read and the way he chose animals to represent the many different types of people that make up a society today is very brilliant. Besides George Orwell being a great author the book itself was a masterpiece. The setting takes place on a farm that is full of mistreated animals. One day the under the influence of each other's mob mentality decide to break free from the tyranny and totalism of the farm. Once they are free they will build a democracy and control it for themselves. The story of how the animals establish and run their new government is told in the third person and makes for an interesting and great fairy tale for adults. This book shows how easily the minds of people can be fooled into believing certain aspects do to certain amounts of pressure either created by daily life and or the need for a better life.The rebellion starts shortly after an inspirational speech given by one of the farm's eldest and most respected animals. The animals gather in their barn to devise a plan that will get the humans that run the farm out, and the animals that work the land in power. The tired and over worked animals soon snap and execute the plan and ride the farm of the Jones's. After the rebellion the animals are so full of self-pride and team moral that they are unaware that they are being taken advantage of and being recklessly thrown in to a dictatorship. The animals soon get so tightly wound up in new rules and expectations that it is too late for change.This short but sweet book is a story to remember, it is full of hidden meanings and goes a lot deeper than a bunch of animals that can run a farm by themselves. Once you get past the fact that the animals can talk, read and write on there own the story unwinds up into a world of real life dictatorship situations and blows the reader away. As the reader read the book her or she will be amazed with the many connections between real life countries around the world and the plot and story of the book. Readers will also make the connection between the personalities of each animal and how it represents and models the personalities of the different types of people that make up the world today. I was impressed by the complication of Animal Farm and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a short yet controversial read about the greed of humanity. The end was a little rushed for my tastes and could of lasted longer but never the less if got the point across that I as a reader was looking for. Orwell did a bang up job with Animal Farm!"
"Though short and not really written for philosophy scholars in mind (far too straightforward and readable for that), George Orwell's brilliant novella Animal Farm is one of the strongest, most damning indictments of Communism and totalitarian regimes I've ever read. Not bad for a story whose primary characters are talking barn animals.Written in 1946 and intended as an allegory paralleling the revolution of the Bolsheviks and the eventual rise of Stalin in post-WWI Russia, Animal Farm replaces the Communist intellectuals and elites with pigs (Major, Snowball, and Napoleon, who are Marx, Trotsky, and Stalin respectively), the smartest animals on the barnyard; the secret police is represented by ruthless canines; the sheep are mindless followers of the regime (""four legs good, two legs bad""); Boxer the horse represents the common, downtrodden worker and hero/""true believer"" of Socialist ideology (not surprising as Orwell was a proponent of democratic socialism); and the humans are symbols for the fallen Czar (Jones) and Hitler and the rise of Nazi Germany (Frederick). The story has simple though excellent characters (my favorite is the cynical donkey Benjamin) many of whom arouse both our sympathy and our contempt as the idealism of the Revolution is turned on its head by elites corrupted by power; the cure becomes poisonous, as the chilling final chapter reiterates.Many elements of this book have entered the popular lexicon under our noses (""some animals are more equal than others,"" ""four legs good, two legs bad"" etc.). The story itself has been translated to animation and film (with varying degrees of success) and was even adopted by Pink Floyd to create their 1977 masterpiece Animals. But nothing can usurp the original novella's importance. Along with 1984, it is perhaps Orwell's best piece of work, and definitely his most enjoyable.I've noticed that some of the reviewers here (particularly the one or two-star reviews) are junior-high students who have read this for their English classes, and don't exactly ""get"" it. Don't start wading into this book without some knowledge of Communism and Russian history first."
"Orwell's 1946 ""Fairy Story"" and political masterpiece offers atimeless warning about the dangers of a totalitarian state.  Unfortunately the all-too-human nature of the animals who engaged in this egalitarin experiment are destined to recreatethe inevitable abuse of absolute power: lust for still more power, greed for material comforts, plus the surprising andunrestrained cruelty toward the other animals who were naive enough to trust their leaders for protection.  And worst of all--the tendancy of the other farm creatures to behave like sheep by not raising their collective voices to protest the rampantdeception.  The characters in this novel are animals who behave in a painfully human manner. Although the ideologies of Socialism and Communism are not specifically named, the effects of revolution are terrifyingly familiar from recent 20th centuryhistory.  Old Major--a wise and repsected pig--calls the animals of Manor Farm to an evening assembly. Outlining his dream of a more democratic and benevolent lifestyle for all farm aniamls, heinstills in them the idea of rebellion, which will be followed by an almost utopian existence.  The emerging leader pigs under him devise the Seven Commandments, which should provide for general peace and prosperity.  Alas, after his death his two successors, Snowball and Napoleon, vie for power. They maniuplate both the facts and the written ideas to their own private purposes of self-aggrandizement.  Suspicion, paranoia, deceit and cruelty define the new age of porcine rule. Animal dissidents are converted, silenced or removed, as the memory of actual history is gradually lost in a haze of clever rhetoric and retribution.  One by one the rights of the hard-working animals are stripped away or distorted for Napoleon's private agenda--the dream of a peaceful retirement is forgotten. Worst of all, the revised rules permit an oligarchy to sink to human vices; eventually the rulers become barely distinguishable from the humans they vowed to shun. Orwell raises the naggingquestion: were the animals better off under drunken Jones, the tyrant, than they are under one of their own?  Whether you consider this novel a fairy story, a fable where animals and humans can communicate (zoomorphism) or a cautionary political essay disguised as fiction, ANIMAL FARM has earned an honored place in literary history. Its sobering view of the effects of dictatorship will expand and warn thoughtful minds. His style flows as easily as absolute power corrupts; the plot captivates readers and maintains our interest from the start.  Beware the excess of human vice!"
"Every time I read something by George Orwell, I'm convinced what a genius he was.  This novel, along with 1984, is so entrenched in our collective consciousness now that it is difficult to remember a time when they didn't exist.  I think that political extremists on either side would like to subvert Orwell's message for their own purposes.  What makes Orwell great however is that he is not simply skewering the left or the right, but politics itself.  To paraphrase Woody Allen in Sleeper (his take on 1984) ""It doesn't matter who is in charge - they're all terrible.""Historically, Animal Farm was written as a polemic against Soviet communism after Orwell returned from fighting in the Spanish Civil War.  Even though the USSR is his main target, Animal Farm reads like a blueprint for every violent revolution ever.  I'm also reading a book on the French Revolution, and I'm amazed at how much the two link up.  First comes the idyllic phase when the oppressors have been overthrown.  Next, the ""liberators"" soon set themselves up as demi-gods.  Next comes marshal law.  Eventually, it does become impossible to distinguish the men from the pigs.  ""All animals are created equal, but some animals are more equal than others.""This book, written before 1984, introduces some of the themes that Orwell will do much to develop later.  For instance, like Big Brother, Napoleon - the leader - gradually does away with the animal's history and memory.  He gradually alters the Seven Commandments of animals, while maintaining they were ""always"" that way.  (""We are at war with Eastasia.  We have ALWAYS been at war with Eastasia."")This book is so spot-on in its depiction of human (animal) behavior its scary.  Whenever Napoleon institutes another sacrilege, the ""sheep"" are quick to shout down any opposition with their cry of ""Four legs good, two legs bad.""  Inevitably, this becomes, ""Two legs good, four legs bad.""  Four legs are bad, four legs have ALWAYS been bad...If you were forced to read this in school, or haven't read it in a long time, give it another chance.  It's extremely short and you'll enjoy it."
"""Animal Farm"" is a clever book that is supposed to be a metaphor for Communist Russia, using farm animals to represent various people groups from that era.  Take heart, though, for even if you are nearly completely oblivious to the specifics of this period of history (like me,) you will be completely entertained by this book.Orwell paints an awesome picture of a barnyard where the animals speak to each other and eventually learn how to read, write, and use tools.  These animals band together and form a revolt against the human farmer, and they win their freedom.The story is very interesting on two accounts.  The first point of interest is the way in which the animals' behaviors match their personality traits.  For instance, pigs are known to be intelligent, so they rise to leadership and do all the planning.  Horses are strong and reliable, so they do all of the grunt work on the farm without asking questions.  Sheep are stupid and so bleat the same mantras over and over, etc.The second point of interest is the description of how the utopian society eventually deteriorates into a dictatorship as the intelligent pigs assert themselves and become power-hungry.  Immediately after the revolt, the animals decided on seven laws for the new society of animals.  However, as the pigs became more greedy, they started breaking the laws to suit their own desires and then change the laws to suit their needs.  The rest of the animals were either too stupid to notice the difference or too afraid to say anything about it.So, the pigs keep grabbing power and changing laws to suit their nature until eventually they are indistinguishable from the human master who preceded them.  Even if you are unfamiliar with the events that represent the Russian metaphor, this story provides a great lesson in how power can corrupt even the most noble-minded beings.  The story also is entertaining and gives your imagination a great workout."
"This book by George Orwell is about a farm (Manor Farm) where a revolution takes place, but a very DIFFERENT kind of revolution. Mr. Jones, the owner of the farm, had been mistreating his livestock, and the animals were absolutely sick of it. Old Major, the oldest boar on the farm, inspired them with a song and a speech about how everything should be blamed on men. Then he dies, leaving Napoleon and Snowball, two young boars, in the position of power. They revolt, due to Farmer Jones not feeding them, and invent a new system of government where all animals are equal, everyone can get an education, and everyone works for the common good.Snowball and Napoleon are in conflict all the time, though, and Snowball gets run off while the animals are voting on whther to build a windmill or not. Napoleon and Squealer, his propaganda minister, slowly and steadily convince the animals that Snowball is a terrible, terrible pig and very cowardly, even though he was the best of the two, and all the animals that object are murdered. Napoleon makes deals with humans, but he gets cheated by one of the humans.At the end, all the pigs, who had moved up to a position of power, and all the humans, who had debased themselves, all looked and acted exactly the same. The pigs even dressed up in people-clothes and paraded around on their hind legs.The purpose of this book is to tell of the evils of Communism; it usually starts out okay, but eventually ends up in totalitarianism. (I did a book study on this). Old Major represents Karl Marx, Napoleon represents Stalin, Snowball=Lenin, and Farmer Jones the czar of Russia. When this book was published, people thought that it was ridiculous, but then when they figured out that it was about the Russian Revolution, everyone realized exactly how brilliant it really was. If you're interested in history or classics, I really recommend this."
"Animal Farm: A Fairy StoryTracy Byrne George Orwell called Animal Farm a fairy story, and it can be enjoyed simply as a tale about how animals try to take over a farm from men, and find they cannot manage it.  Many children read it this way, siding with the animals against the farmer, saddened when things go wrong because of the nasty pigs, and weeping at the fate of Boxer.  But the tale was devised as a satire on the Soviet Union, and although the country no longer exists, the influence it exerted on our ways of living and thinking certainly stayed with us and probably will for many years.  Although Animal Farm was a satire on the Russian Revolution, it was also intended to have a wider application.  That kind of revolution as Orwell defined as ""violent conspiratorial revolution, led by unconsciously power-hungry people"", could only lead to a change of masters.  He went on: ""I meant the moral to be that revolutions only effect a radical improvement when the masses are alert and know how to chuck out their leaders as soon as the latter have done their job"" (Orwell xl). Animal Farm is an accurate portrayal of the Russian Revolution and is probably one of the best novels ever written.  All of the characters represented a figure from the revolution.  Old Major is Marx, Boxer and Clover represent the proletariat, Napoleon is Stalin, Snowball for Leon Trotsky, Farmer Frederick is Hitler Germany, etc.  Even the windmill and the farmhouse represent something from the revolution.  Mr. Jones' house becomes the Kremlin and the building of the windmill corresponds to Stalin's variousPage 1Page 2plans for rapid industrialization. Orwell succeeds in conveying the right message, not just about the Russian Revolution, but of any revolution; there is always going to be a person or persons that take advantage of their power and of the people that believe in them.  Most of the time when there is a new leader that person wants to help the people, but as time goes on they get greedy and power hungry and could care less about the people.  At the beginning of the novel one of the animals commandments were ""All Animals are Equal"" (Orwell 16). They all did the same amount of work, received the same amount of food, etc.  Then the pigs decided that because they were smarter they should receive more food, do less work, etc.  Soon enough the pigs were living in Mr. Jones' house, drinking alcohol, wearing clothes, while all the other animals were made to do all the work.  By the end of the novel the commandment stated ""All Animals are Equal but Some Animals are More Equal Than Others"" (88).  This is true with most governments.  The leaders make the people believe that they are just like them, but in reality the leaders sit their in their big comfy chairs reaping all of the benefits, while the working class is doing all of the dirty work and getting the butt end of the deal. In conclusion, Animal Farm is a novel of importance.  It is a classic that will be read for decades more to come.  One reason for its mass appeal is the classic simplicity of its language and style.  The vocabulary is ordinary and commonplace without being so basic and limited as to be interesting only to children.  Another important quality is its imaginative power.  Anything can be done with a little bit of will.  If the animals could overthrow humans, I'm sure humans could overthrow a government.  But it also has aPage 3pessimistic quality.  The animals give up so quickly and refuse to put up a fight against the pigs.  They are so ready to accept it, which is what we humans do with ourgovernment.  I think Orwell was not just writing a novel about the Russian Revolution or revolutions in general, but a book about human nature."
"It is a misrepresentation that ""Animal Farm"" is anti-communist. It certainly is anti-stalinist, but it is as much anti-capitalist. It is written from a historical perspective of a trotskyite and even uses common trotskyite terminology, in many cases (representation of Stalin as Napoloen is a very common analogy in Trotsky's works who likened Stalin's usurpation of power to that of Napoleon more than 100 years earlier). The story is not much more than a fable version of Trotsky's ""Revolution Betrayed""Also, there are not a lot of meanings to the book. The story line is simple and very predictible, if you know Russian/Soviet history of 1917-1943.The events in the book almost have one-to-one correspondence to what really happened to Russia. Under the leadership of the bolshevik party(pigs) animals(people) depose capitalists (Mr. Jones) and establish the first ever worker's demoracy (Animals' Farm). Then, the deposed leaders attempt to gain the power back by getting capitalist countries - England and France, among others- to invade the newly found Russian Soviet Republic (""Jones and all his men, with half a dozen others from Foxwood and Pinch-field"" invade the Animal Farm). However Trotsky/Snowball proves to be very able as Comissar of War and saves the newly found regime. In the impending power struggle Trotsky loses out to Stalin(Napoleon), who goes on to slowly get rid of all the principles on which the USSR (Animal Farm) was founded on.Even the personal characteristics of the two main bolshevik leaders are very accurate, albeit allegoric - ""Napoleon was a large, rather fierce-looking Berkshire boar, the only Berkshire on the farm, not much of a talker but with a reputation for getting his own way."" Stalin was not a good speaker, but had a strong will, and the  Bershire is definitely a reference to Stalin's Geogrian Background - he was the only bolshevik leader from Georgia and spoke Russian with heavy accent. Trotsky on the other hand, was the greatest speaker of the Russian Revolution, a brilliant writer, but wasn't suited for intraparty struggles. (""Snowball was a more vivacious pig than Napoleon, quicker in speech and more inventive, but was not considered to have the same depth of character."") Orwell also doesnt forget to mention Stalin's ability to amass support behind the scenes - ""At the Meetings Snowball often won over the majority by his brilliant speeches, but Napoleon was better at canvassing support for himself in between times.""Orwell describes the events quite meticulously - intraparty struggles, usurpation of power by Napoleon/Stalin, stalinist vilification of Trotsky/Snowball, falsification of history to suit Stalin's goals and to downplay Trotsky's role in defence of the revolution during the Civil War and the Intervention,  industrialization (the building of the Windmill), the betrayal of the revolution's ideals, the purges and the stalinist terror by the Stalin's secret police (Napoleon's dogs)- all of them are described and are easily recognizable.The book ends with Napoleon being involved in a dialogue with with humans from the neighbor farms - Mr Pilkington (Churchill) and others. This is probably a reference to the Yalta conference, where Stalin, Churchill and Roosevelt forgot their differences and divided spheres of influence. ""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again: but already it was impossible to say which was which"". Stalin, a representative of a country that was supposed to have a higher form of government than capitalist democracy is a tyrant, just like leaders of capitalist countries; and for Orwell the only positive (and tragic) character in the book is Snowball/Trotsky."
"This book really tests your ability to read between the lines and ""compute"" the information given to you. It really is up to the reader to initiate the deeper understanding you will need to fully appreciate this book. And then, even reading it at the ""first level"" is surely a satisfying and fun read. I have LEARNED things reading this, which is surprising and refreshing."
"This is the best edition you're ever gonna get of the great Orwell classic. Not only the illustrations are superb, it includes an essay, by Orwell, about the freedom of the press which is truly a masterpiece amid  today's abundance of intolerant politically-correct nonsense.And, take  my word as a professional cartoonist for 25 years, RALPH STEADMAN IS GOD!!!"
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
George Orwell was a writer who was many years ahead of his time as evidenced by a later work - 1984.  Animal Farm (not to be confused with Animal House) is a satire which fits the political landscape of America today just as it fit with events at the time of its writing.  All should read it - in an hour or so - and contemplate its current application!
"This is probably the greatest short story ever written, and is an unmitigated classic of our time. This fable of how dark impulses for power and control makes for an amazing satire of the communist system. It's just a great an easy story that any educated person would enjoy, though one should be warned that it doesn't have a happy ending, whcich makes it all more powerful."
"Brilliant literature!I recommend all books by this author.I also love the fact that the publisher, 1stWorld Library has made the text slightly larger which is a blessing for my thirty-something eyes. Great job. I have dozens of books by this publisher.The Second DeclarationEvery Day A Miracle Happens"
This is one of the greatest books I've ever read. It took me only one day to read it but the plot is worthy enough to be read a thousand times over. The Pigs show the hypocrisy of dictators across the world and the manipulation of their people. I highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in political satire!!!
"Those who know the story of Animal Farm will need no recap of the plot details, so I will stick to the additions of this particular edition instead.  There are other reviews that do well to document the genius of the story.  I first read this in grade school, but had no idea about the political and historical context of the tale.  The first reason this edition shines is that you get Orwell's original preface to the Ukrainian edition.  Ukraine was a direct victim of Bolshevik policies under Stalin, and throughout the famine that occurred there due to Stalin's collectivization started in 1929 and carried out through 1932-33 at least 6 million lost their lives, while others were displaced and scattered across the world.  Orwell basically says that the book is for them more  so than anyone, although he chooses his words carefully.  Another reason why this edition shines is Ralph Steadman's art.  He is well known to many, but most will know him through his work on Hunter S. Thompson's books.  The book is also printed in hardcover and has weight, unlike the paperback edition.  It is a great edition to add to a collector's library, and it cannot hurt anyone to read this amazing piece of literature more than once in their lives.  Highly recommended."
"This tiny, seemingly insignificant little book is hardly what it seems. An individual can read through it in less than a few hours and not get anything but an animal cruelty message from it. Or that same individual can look deeper into the pages and can take days, even weeks, to read this story of animals in rebellion of mankind. It is metaphor central and most of it needs to be gently preened from the soil of the pages to be understood. Perhaps that is the beauty of it. Though it does not take a genius to read, it does take a critical eye to recognize the socialist, governmental metaphors scattered throughout the tiny pages.It is not a surprise that Orwell leaves us with a sense of doom and drudgery when we read his novels. His popular book ""1984"" gives us this same sense at its conclusion. That perhaps we have not gone anywhere at all with the story. Well, at least the characters haven't. What is left with us is a profound message about the world he lived in. It would be a mistake to say that our world is profoundly different from the metaphors of these profound novels, which suggests that, yes, we have not progressed much. Only the individual mind may do so and that is up to us. At the very least, Orwell can open our eyes."
"Let me start off by saying I never, EVER give 5 stars to ANYTHING. This is different, though.I always dread reading required novels for school. For whatever reason, they're boring, dull, and never grab my attention . . . except for this book. The story is very ""down to earth"" and uses vocabulary that you can understand without having to use a dictionary. The storyline offers several turning-points throughout all leading to a somewhat predictable (but still nice anyway) ending. But the story is only half the fun (not even joking). What's so cool is that EVERY character (That's right. Every single character) symbolizes the different Russian people and stuff (Like Joseph Stalin or Karl Marx). But, the beautiful thing is, this story can still be read superficially, and still be enjoyable. If you don't feel like thinking that's fine! To you it will be a wonderful little story about animals taking over a farm.FROM ONE STUDENT TO ANOTHER: It's worth the read. Believe me, I've read (sometimes) a bunch of other school books, and not one of them even comes close to ever being what Animal Farm was.Since I, a lazy student who hates mandatory school books, enjoyed this book it gets a Five Star in my book."
"First heard of ""Animal Farm"" via various blogs and internet forums. Thought I'll give it a read and see what the fuss is all about. The book did not disappoint.A political satire about Soviet Communism; even though I have not studied or learnt much about that era, it's not difficult to appreciate the lesson behind ""absolute power corrupts absolutely"". That animals can overthrow their previous repressors, the humans and yet due to the greater intelligence of the pigs, they came to rule the Animal Farm by propaganda, misinformation, subtle changes to the democratic system initially instilled. ""Four Legs good, two legs bad!"", the initial slogan and maxim in which the animals followed devoutly soon corrupted and degenerated into something else.The ending is at once tragic and poignant. Without ruining the ending for interested readers, it's one of the more magnetic and haunting endings I've read for quite a long time. At 100+ pages, it should take even the slow reader at most 2 days to finish.Definitely worth reading! A book that's written in 1940s and almost six decades ago, still has many lessons to educate us..."
"George Orwells best seller Animal Farm encompasses the thoughts and ideas of man behind the mask of simple farm animals.The first chapter introduces the quaint characters of Manor Farm, a collection of poorly treated talking animals who strain under the toil of their drunken farmer. Influenced by a wise, old pig among them, the animals decide to revolt and start the Rebellion. They believe by driving out the poor leadership of humans and instead working together for the common good, they can thrive off of new-found freedom. Though the animals succeed in removing the farmer, the changes are more than they anticipated. The pigs, driven by selfish ambitions, take control over their fellow comrades and put into effect Animalism and The Seven Commandments, which they ultimately alter and forgo.Over the course of this allegory, a bright light is shed on the cruelties of communism. Though socialist/communist ideas may make sense on paper, the reality is that mans sinful nature overpowers good intentions. This novel is written eloquently and presents a powerful insight into the mind of the human race."
"Animal Farm is kind of confusing because of its allegorical-historical nature. It's hard to keep track of the animals and who they really represent, you'd probably have to go back and check who's who (Napoleon = Stalin, Snowball = Trotsky). Also, you have to know a chunk of Russian Communism to get in touch with this. But in essence, this story is brilliant. Orwell is brilliant. He has encapsulated Communism into this dark but hilarious satire. Animal Farm will make you laugh, cry in outrage, and most of all horrify you with Napoleon's blatant hypocrisy (but of course the animals don't notice, ahem). Squealer the pig also topped my list as outrageous. He's like the spokesperson who reports new rules and is the great Napoleon defender (squeal!). The sheep are absolutely funny, who have nothing to bleat but ""Four legs good, two legs bad!"" until they are trained to follow a new chant: ""Four legs good, two legs better!"" Makes you think of the masses - they believe anything they are told.Watch out for the wickedly terrific ending. This book is such a riot. It's a hoot. And it was horrifyingly real."
"George Orwell has created a true masterpiece - a basic storyline that is easy enough for a child to understand, but which has a deep, complex hidden meaning in it. Almost every event and character in this book can be traced to its origins as part of the history of the Russian revolution.This edition includes Ralph Steadman's witty line drawings in both black-and-white and also in full color one- and two-page spreads. At the end, as appendices, are two prefaces to Animal Farm, one previously unpublished and the other being the preface to the Ukrainian edition.This is one of those books that every single person HAS to read sometime during his or her life. It is especially good for those in search of a story with more to it than just the plot, a story which has an allegorical level full of satire, criticisms, and moral lessons. Every conflict in the story is ingeniously intertwined with the others, and an abundance of foreshadowing adds to the book. Each of the characters is so well described that the reader gets to know them almost personally during the course of the book.You will LOVE Animal Farm!"
"Read this book and the whole histories of 20th century Soviet Union and China unfold before your eyes. The writer has cannily used animal metaphors to drive home the atrocities committed by Communists. Of course China has been bit clever than the rest of the lot having fooled America by flooding its markets with their horrendous goods and having them berate against *Indians of the supposed job loses in USA; due to outsourcing - while swallowing millions of American jobs over 30 years without any hindrance and negative publicity! I believe semi-educated factory workers have the right to be called workers! And of course, all the American Presidents forget wee bit to enforce democracy in China but would want in say, North Korea and Syria etc! Melodramatic, don't you think? Not forgetting that China is regularly arming North Korea to divert attention from its (Chinese) many foibles and thus keeping likes of Prez Bush engaged!Good Going!PS:*This is also because the Indian Government mistreats and disrespects its own citizens - how can you possible presume that others will pay you any respect!"
"You have to wonder if Orwell would have been so keen to write a critique of the Soviet myth of the ideal Socialist society if he knew that it would be misinterpreted as anti-Socialist.In Animal Farm, the animals of Manor Farm hold a revolution and overthrow the oppressive Farmer Jones. At first life without humans fulfills their socialist dream. Then as the pig Napoleon becomes power-hungry, that dream becomes corrupted: ""All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others."" Once the corruption starts, information is controlled and the pigs power strengthened until the reasons for the revolution have been blurred.A casual reading of Animal Farm would see it as an attack on socialism. This would be a reading that ignores facts: Orwell was a socialist. Despite his political beliefs, one thing overruled any ideology: the truth. When I was in my first year at La Trobe University, I discovered Orwell's Collected Essays, Journalism and Letters. He impressed me with his intellectual bluntness (which he described as brutality). He believed that socialism could make life better for most people, but that gain should never come through sacrificing the truth.Animal Farm is one of those rare must-reads, suitable for everyone. It pays a dividend of an intellectual attack on corruption far beyond the investment of time needed to read it."
"""Animal Farm"" is considered today to be a great satirical novella, and is often called a fable or allegory, but perhaps the best way to describe it is to use Orwell's original title ""Animal Farm - A Fairy Story"".  While it is considered a great and important work today, it had a difficult time being published.  He wrote the story between November 1943 and February of 1944 (although he got the idea for the story in 1937), but he was turned down by four publishers before Secker and Warburg accepted the book.  Even then it was not published until August of 1945.  One of the publishers, Jonathan Cape, was originally going to publish the book, until he was warned against it by ""an important official"", who as it turned out was a Soviet spy.This story is a masterful in the way it recreates many of the historical events of the Soviet Union in the context of the farm.  The Russian Revolution, the Russian Civil War, Stalin's removal of Trotsky, putting Lenin's body on display, the Great Purge, the replacement of the Soviet national anthem, the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact as well as the invasion by Nazi Germany are all portrayed in context of the story, and there are probably more examples as well.  The characters as well have counterparts, in some cases they represent entire groups (e.g. the sheep represent the proletariats) and in other cases one or two individuals (e.g. Napoleon is Stalin, Snowball is Trotsky, Squealer is Molotov, Old Major is Karl Marx and Lenin, etc.).  Even the humans in the story have counterparts, such as Mr. Jones (Czar Nicholas II), Mr. Frederick (Nazi Germany), Mr. Pilkington (The West).George Orwell is the pseudonym of Eric Arthur Blair, who was born on June 25th of 1903, and died on January 21st of 1950.  He was a socialist for the majority of his life, and those who view ""Animal Farm"" or ""1984"" as a rejection of socialism are incorrect.  He viewed totalitarianism as the opposite of true socialism, and while he probably approved of social revolutions he clearly thought that once the revolution was successful the best thing the people could do would be to take the power away from those who led the revolution.  Some consider him a Trotskyist because of this story, but that too is incorrect.  While Trotsky's character in the story is certainly not portrayed as badly as Stalin's, he is there for the initial corruption of the pigs.While this book may have had difficulty getting published initially, and was criticized by many because of its anti-Soviet (i.e. anti-ally) message, things have changed.  Today it is a book of critical acclaim.  It is still being recognized as well.  For example, in 1996 in was awarded the Retro-Hugo award for best novella from the year 1945.The Everyman's Library edition of ""Animal Farm"" has some nice material included.  There is an introduction by Julian Symons which goes into much more detail about Orwell's life as well as the history of this story.  Next there is a Select Bibliography which covers Orwell's works.  There is a chronology of Orwell's life, including historical and literature contexts for the most significant events in his life.  There is a brief textual note by Peter Davison, discussing some of the decisions made in producing this edition.  Then, following the text are the controversial preface to the book and the preface to the Ukranian edition.The preface which had been left out originally is particularly interesting, as it contains Orwell's thoughts which still have application in today's world.  He wrote:  ""If one loves democracy, the argument runs, one must crush its enemies by no matter what means.  And who are its enemies?  It always appears that they are not only those who attack it openly and consciously, but those who `objectively' endanger it by spreading mistaken doctrines.  In other words, defending democracy involves destroying all independence of thought.  This argument was used, for instance, to justify the Russian purges.""  He also writes in the next paragraph:  ""These people don't see that if you encourage totalitarian methods, the time may come when they will be used against you instead of for you."""
"Most people read this book in school in around 8th or 9th grade, but for some reason it was never assigned to me, so it took until now. I have always enjoyed Orwells writing. IMO he is a superb prose stylist. His writing is always elegant, to the point, enjoyable, and clever. This was not an exception, although perhaps because this work strives to work on some of the same levels as a fairy tale, it is more simple than some of the other things that I have read. In fact it is a fairy tale, albeit a fractured one  it is a political allegory disguised as a modern day fable. The story is about communism, and it is not surprising to note that it was written by a disillusioned leftist, a man who (I think) once believed in communist revolution but clearly came to view its results with a very cold and jaded eye.The story is as follows: There once was a farm in England run by a nasty, selfish, drunken farmer. The animals despised the slavery under which they toiled, and a spontaneous rebellion takes place. The farmer is driven off his land and the animals take over. At first it is a democratic place, but over time a cabal of pigs, led by one Napoleon, and a pack of vicious dogs whom the pigs command, take control of the farm. Dissenting voices are silenced or run off, and the other animals fall back into their lives of unquestioning toil. The pigs rule through a mixture of propagandistic lies and threats. Eventually the pigs make peace with the neighboring farm owners, and show that they have become exactly like them. Nothing has changed.Orwell seems to say that there is little or no hope for a true revolution, as long as the world is populated by creatures like the sheep (who stupidly and loudly follow whoever leads them) and the selfish and scheming pigs. A cynical view, no doubt, but one that many believe today. And it was a fabulous idea for a little book, i.e. animating this viewpoint by setting it on a revolutionary farm."
"It is easy to define an egalitarian society structure that works on day one, say post some sort of revolution but it is impossible to sustain a eutopia given the human, or in deference to the book animal, nature - this is the phenomenal lesson underlying this wonderful classic.Short, concise and extremely fast-paced, Animal Farm is likely to withstand the test of time to remain an all time great because of the message that is timeless and still under-appreciated by the young and anarchics of all ages. In any system however well defined, the greedy that are also ingenuous are likely to subvert and grab more for themselves over time. The genuine altruists will almost always be too benign and in the power-sacrificing mode to combat the ambitious' usurpous ways. And even if sufficient power is vested with the well-intended at the outset, it is impossible to guarantee someone less desirable cornering the concentrated power some day in future and polluting the system forever.Such profound lessons have somehow eluded every Marx or revolutionaries of various eras or even those who try to devise a perfect free market-based society. In the end, a static, struggle free politico-economic system is perhaps cannot exist and the best for us is to search for finding the optimum way to socially evolve with continuously shifting checks and balances.A must read book. Perhaps too pessimistic in the conclusions that things never change for the downtrodden. This is a separate message from the other one that one cannot completely remove the inequality and injustice permanently. The great author perhaps missed the big point that it is possible for the whole to improve while still retaining the imbalances. This does not mean that those who are bound to abuse power should be pardoned but it simply means there are systems that are better than others for the whole."
"One of the tragedies of the Second World War was how the Western Allies rehabilitated the Soviet Union from being one of the initial aggressors like Germany, Italy and Japan (lest we forget, the Soviet Union invaded Finland, Poland, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia in 1939-40), into one of the good guys who won the war against those other predatory dictatorships. The result was the iron curtain Winston Churchill memorably described in a speech at Westminster College about six months after Animal Farm was published, and decades of misery for millions.But it was Churchill's government that discouraged publishers from accepting Animal Farm until the war was over in fear that it would undermine support for a critical ally. Unlike the British and American governments and Stalin's fanboys and fangirls in the West who pushed for and supported the wartime alliance, George Orwell had no illusions about the nature of Soviet Communism. He had been warning against it since at least 1938, when he published his reflections about his experiences during the Spanish Civil War in Homage to Catalonia.Animal Farm was finally published in August 1945 just as the war ended but it's hard to say that it made any real difference as by that point Stalin had already pretty much consolidated his hegemony over Eastern Europe and conflicts with the British and Americans were inevitable. Nevertheless, the book does provide a readable and easily absorbed narrative of how Stalin subverted the Russian Revolution and by extension how the nihilist trumps the idealist in real world politics. It also provides anti-totalitarians with a series of easily absorbed catchphrases (""Some animals are more equal than others,"" etc.) still in general use today.Orwell wrote numerous essays and articles about the evils of totalitarianism but it is this seemingly simple beast fable that remains most read today, surpassing its even more brilliant followup, Nineteen Eighty-Four, as the Orwell work people actually read. If you haven't read it, do yourself a favor. You don't even need to know the history of the early Soviet Union (though it helps) to appreciate it."
"What an unusual, disturbing little story. Its simplicity holds much power and depth.This...isn't an easy review to write. Hard to talk much about a book that's so open to interpretation. As you can see, the synopsis covers that it's a paradox of political angles. I do agree with this, and I also take from it random control through religion, personal and societal dominance, and greed.It's likely a story where you'll discover something new with each read. A short thing,  merely 112 pages, it packs a powerful punch. The pacing is swift and interesting, igniting chaos and controversy amongst the animals from get-go, finishing with a grim slamming of the book door. The setting never leaves the farm, it never needs to. They have their own world to survive in and that world is where the power and message of the story lives.Would you believe I had no idea at all of the plot when opening the first page? Being deprived of most classics growing up, none of my friends or family read these either. It was a personal goal to discover these on my own, and I hadn't seen the movie nor the trailer. I knew it was probably about animals of course, and when I started reading it thought with the talking animals it was akin maybe to a type of childrens tale.Anyway, I prefer going into the classics without foreknowledge or prejudice. Makes it fresher to me, unbiased by listening to others or previous experiences. It's a good thing I haven't seen many movies about the classics either, as I'm sure these would either taint or change my perception of them.The short novel, bottom line, is about how corrupting power can be. Absolutely control and corruption when too much is given, the imbalances are raised, and too much blind loyalty to leadership. The animals initial goal was to run the farm themselves, without outside interference or help, seeing each other as equals of a sort, every animal doing an equal share of work and production toward a unified goal, similar to a utopian communism.At brief glance it may appear the writing is ridiculously simple, and it is. Kept this way by Orwell, the structure and events unfolding are carefully arranged, using skillful writing and almost childlike simplicity to fully and easily illustrate the chaotic, complex unraveling of this 'society.' Sometimes when using a moral message this deep, profound, common, and structured, it can work better laying it out in allegories.Religion is clear as day also with its play in control, especially with the Raven Moses, who keeps speaking of ""Sugarcandy Mountain"" in the sky, where one day everyone would be able to rest from their weary labors. Some have pointed out that while Old Major was preaching about changes needed within the structure, Moses was sleeping in the barn. It can be seen as a play on how the church has been accused of ""sleeping"" or turning a blind eye to communism.I recommend this short novel to everyone. The message is amazingly potent, the characters fascinating, it's power isn't in preachy writing but effective literary prowess, and it's a classic that will stand the test of time.I still haven't seen the movie but I did search out the trailer after finishing the book. Will let you know what I think when I get around to seeing it.There's also always this haunting last line the book concludes with. I don't care much for Minecraft but my fiance and son have me play it sometimes. I built a little literary world and one of the farms was animal farm. I put this last line on a few signs in the yard:""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again: but already it was impossible to say which was which."""
"George's (Eric's) fable summary of the rise and fall of socialism in Russia. Clearly it resonated - this book has been constantly reprinted since being written, as he concludes the story, in the four months between November 1943 and February 1944. Who knows how far the popular (my) consciousness of Stalinist Russia has been shaped by this book. I suspect some of its popularity would be from capitalists gleefully applauding the depiction of communist leaders as utterly corrupt and exploitative, although it should be noted that the final tragedy we're left with is that the vile socialist leaders have become as bad as the capitalists:Twelve voices were shouting in anger, and they were all alike. No question, now, what had happened to the faces of the pigs. The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.Orwell was a committed socialist and far from moving to oppose it after seeing some of the appalling suffering in `communist' Russia, was rather deeply saddened by the despotic betrayal of the revolution. There was a time before the National Socialists of Germany and Stalin's Soviet Union had so tainted socialism's image, and it was still quite possible to be respected as an intelligent and humane thinker and as a socialist. Blair didn't question socialism as such, but was deeply concerned with the poor way it was realised and marketed (cf. the latter chapters ofThe Road to Wigan Pier).The extended parable is unsubtle (or, if you prefer, crystal clear) - there's no mistaking who Napoleon the pig, and Squealer with his ridiculous statistics, represent. Interesting that he'd have to acknowledge Jesus as much as anyone else as a stylistic influence, although Jesus' parables always forced a wider perspective than any particular political leader. In one way Orwell tries to give a face to the incomprehensible numbers betrayed by Stalin: in our human way we can instinctively feel more anger and despair in the betrayal of the noble fictional Boxer. Although if we are to take this fable as having wider implications than an interpretation of one particular place and time I suspect we can only look to the taciturn and cynical Benjamin the donkey. Benjamin is the oldest animal on the farm at the start of the book and seemed no closer to death at the end - ""Donkeys live a long time"", and given his superior intelligence and good heartedness there's no-one else better placed to model wisdom. Rather than a socialist party line that revolution simply must come sooner or later as a historical necessity, Benjamin reserves his hopes in the good times, and his despair in the bad, feeling that ultimately things will return to the status quo - of hard work and exploitation.It was a tough time to be a socialist - there were such hopes in the thirties (cf. John Wain's Comedies), could we blame Orwell for the crushing despair of 1984 and Animal Farm? For all his contemptuous dismissal of religion, there was a time that Orwell was a true believer in socialism, and held as much passionate hope in the `golden future time' of equity and plenty following the revolution as the gullible animals tempted by Moses' Sugarcandy Mountain. The aforementioned Road To Wigan Pier recounts as much of a testimony of conversion as I've heard in a few churches. Reading guys like Orwell it feels like Socialism had much in common with a religion, and the teachings went (go) bravely beyond the dominant cult of nationalism (as does the best of religion, something Orwell never acknowledged) - hence much of the violent and vehement opposition it faced by those who felt betrayed by their own countrymen at their darkest hour: imagine opposing jingoism at a time of war! (Or read Lewis'Screwtape LettersScrewtape Letters which did just that. I wonder if there's any record of what these two contemporaries thought of each other? They must have surely been aware of each other. Despite their similarities I suspect they would have seen the other as dangerous foe). Socialism had big - huge - dreams, a whole new world worth passionately fighting and even dying for, a world where everything changed, the emancipation of peoples enslaved since time beyond memory. Imagine the excitement, the hopes when this generation thought it might be part of the time when the revolution came - and big things were happening on the world stage. I'd compare it to that of Christian starting to feel that, yes, Christ would be returning - look at the signs - any day now!But then comes the crisis of faith - the utter disillusion reflected in Animal Farm. I don't know that Blair ever became quite as fatalistic as Benjamin (Benjamin would hardly be taking the trouble and risk of publishing!), but I definitely feel like his zeal and approach became tempered (and even have a dim recollection of him being accused of some sort of shifty complicity towards the end of his life - or am I mixing him up with P.G. Wodehouse?). Perhaps he wrote 1984 partly to clarify that his dim view of communist Russia did not begin to suggest an endorsement of capitalism - rather, much as Animal Farm concludes, Orwell highlights how corrupt leadership is happy to bring about the same ends of exploitation using whatever left or right political rhetoric suits its purposes."
"While the book's limited point of view left some questions unanswered, its symbols and simplistic style make the message of the story clear: all are equal, ""but some... are more equal than others"" (123).The main characters in Animal Farm are animals that stay static. They don't go outside of their character's role. However, Orwell made sure to give his characters enough personality that the animals were not only interesting, but even sympathized. When, despite all animals being equal, the pigs start becoming the humans they chased out, it is clear that they represent a dictator, while the rest of the animals represent humans under said dictatorship.Like its characters, Animal Farm is written in such a simple way that anyone can follow the story. Orwell easily portrays a story of how a revolt can easily lead to totalitarianism, even using simple songs and poems that represent how documents can be manipulated to suit anyone's purpose. Even someone who doesn't know politics can understand when something starts to go wrong in the book.However, its limited perspective lets readers know what the animals know: not much. While they have the information in front of them, the animals (excluding the donkey Benjamin) can't piece anything together. So when things get worse and the pigs start representing the repressive humans, nothing can be done. Some things - like the conclusion of Mollie the horse, Snowball the pig, or even the animals of the farm when they finally do realize what the pigs have become - stay unknown. Thankfully, things are obvious enough that the reader should be able to understand what the animals can't.George Orwell's Animal Farm is an excellent book and allegory for totalitarianism. Though there's no happy ending, it's an easy read and I would definitely recommend it."
"I actually didn't read this book, I listened to it on audio book and it was one of the first books in a really long time that I've listened to and it was great! The way the reader did a different voice for the characters and added a more sombre theme to the story that gave a really great tone to the story that probably couldn't be achieved if I had read it myself.The story itself was amazing. I had heard about how great this book was but wow, no one has really done it justice. Animal Farm shows the best example of communism within a fictioinal book that I've ever seen.The story starts out with the animals on Manor Farm whom feel unhappy with the current conditions they are living in and feel that they are slaves to the men who run the farm, mainly Jones, the owner of the farm. So, one day one of the oldest pigs Old Major paints a picture of an ideal world where animals run the farm and are treated equally without human interference. A few days later when Old Major dies, the animals on the farm finally begin to rebel against the humans and when they succeed in expelling Jones and his men they decree Manor Farm as Animal Farm and set up commandments that state all animsals will be treated equally, will not act like humans, dress like humans, etc.The pigs, mainly Snowball and Napolean, act as leaders and organziers on the farm and set up the commandments and tell the other animals what to do and organize the work on the farm. This is when the first signs of communism start to appear; all of the animals must work harder than the pigs, yet the pigs reap more of the benefits. The pigs also tell the other animals what do, and when the animals protest, they use brainwashing tactics to make sure the other animals do not uprise and do what they are told.Wow, what a great novel. Honestly, one of the best books I've ever read (or listened to?) and I can't wait to read 1984 by George Orwell as well, because I've heard it's even better. No wonder this is a classic because it is really a great thought provoking book with tons of symbolism. I strongly encourage everyone to read this, it really makes you appreciate the democracy we live in, and how much freedom we really have (yes, it's ficitional, but the communism is what really goes on in parts of the world). Just something to think about.http://www.thepaige-turner.com/2012/11/animal-farm-by-george-orwell.html"
"Animal Farm, written by George Orwell in 1945, is an allegory and a satire for the Russian Revolution in 1917 and the early years of the Soviet Union. Orwell shows the dangers of replacing one government with another. Like this story, rather than eliminating the capitalist class system it was intended to overthrow, the Russian Revolution only replaced it with another hierarchy. The story begins with Old Major inspiring the animals with words of freedom. Shortly after, he dies. Yet, his story lives on and the animals plot a rebellion. Jones is chased from the farm and the farm is then renamed Animal Farm. All is well in the beginning until two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball, begin to gain control of the farm. Napoleon is power-hungry and uses propaganda to hide his mischief. When Jones attempts to retake his farm, Snowball leads the animals to defeat Jones in what later became known as the Battle of the Cowshed. Snowball also conceives plans for a windmill to help ensure the farm's survival and would make the animals' lives much easier. Napoleon then steals Snowball's plans and rids the farm of Snowball's presence by chasing him off with his pack of dogs. Napoleon blames Snowball for all of the farms problems from then on. An attempt is made to build the windmill, but it is destroyed by a storm. Napoleon continues in his corruption and begins to kill innocent animals with his dogs. Squealer appropriately excuses this by using fancy speeches. Eventually the windmill is built and the pigs move into Jones' house. They begin to grow fatter as the rest of the animals receive less food. Once again the windmill is destroyed, this time by a neighboring farmer named Frederick. The original commandments are modified when the pigs can't seem to follow them and are eventually reduced to one law: ""All Animals Are Equal / But Some Are More Equal Than Others."" A final attempt to build the windmill is made, but Boxer collapses and is then sold to a knacker by Napoleon. This is yet again covered up by Squealer and the other animals believe him. Although the farm expands from purchasing more land from neighboring farmers, the animals still have a very rough life. The pigs, on the other hand, begin to take on the characteristics of their former oppressors by walking on their hind legs and dressing un human clothes. The novel ends with Pilkington sharing drinks with the pigs in Jones' house. Napoleon changes the name of the farm back to Manor Farm and quarrels with Pilkington during a card game in which both of them try to play the same card. As other animals watch the scene from outside the window, they cannot tell the pigs from the humans. Animalism is symbolic of Communism and Manor Farm symbolizes Russia. The farmer Mr. Jones is the last Russian Czar, Nicholas II. Old Major, the pig, stands for Vladimir Lenin, and Snowball represents Leon Trotsky. Napoleon stands for Joseph Stalin, and the pack of dogs are his secret police. The horses Boxer and Mollie stand for the Russian working class. While the animals believed that they were going to live a better life, in the end they were worse off than in the beginning. Animal Farm is also a warning that those in power will usually manipulate language to their own benefit."
"Animal farm is a classic read that is usually required throughout high school and entry level college classes. It is a short novel by George Orwell that is full of allegory and deals mostly with political corruption and the distortion of reality. The book itself is very easy to read and is quite short with approximately 100 pages. Two of the major themes in the book are the naive of the middle class and the manipulation of language to gain power.The book opens up with all the animals on the farm gathering to hear a dream by old boxer, a pig, about the animals living freely from human tyranny. In this society the animals were free and equal, and they keep what they worked for. Although Old Major died before his vision could be seen, two pigs took up after him, Snowball and Napoleon. Thus the next time they were treated horrible, a revolution occurs, and Jones and his wife were chased off the farm.At first the revolution was an amazing success. As a result the farm animals changed everything on the farm. They met every Sunday to debate farm politics, and developed seven basic rules that all animals must live by. Since the pigs were considered the most intelligence they automatically became the supervisor. Napoleon the leader of all the pigs became power hunger and lazy. With the help of Squealer, another pig he was able to convince the other farm animals that the pigs are always right.Two concepts that are fascinating in the novel are the power of words and the corruptions of power. There is a famous saying that goes, power corrupts but absolute power corrupts absolutely. This is proven true on every page of the novel. Napoleon lust for power took over him. He forces Snowball off the farm with the help of his trained secret dogs. Thus he was the smartest and only animal with total power on the farm. He also uses the dogs to get confession out of other animals and even killed them when they did not speak.Napoleon although cared nothing of the other animals decided to devote the animals time in building a windmill. After the completion of the building of the mill a fight broke out on the farm in which the mill was destroy by the humans. Boxer, the horse who was in charge of the mill received serious injuries. Napoleon then sells Boxer to a glue boiler. The animals were curious of what happen to Boxer but Squealer convinced them then he was taken to a veterinarian hospital.As the years goes by on the farm, the seven commandments became one sole line all animals are equal but some are more equal than others. The pigs also completely changed, they began to act like humans, walking upright, carrying whips and wearing clothes. At the end of the novel the pigs invited a nearby farmer, Mr. Pilkington over for dinner. In which they discuss on ways of allying themselves against the working classes, both humans and animals alike.The novel seemingly ends just like how it started. The name of the farm was changed back to the Manor Farm. Corrupts individual were still in power, and the animals couldn't distinguish the animals from the humans."
"This is a fable but I find it very close to reality. Some people say that the author depicted communism. I understand the view but I gently disagree. I believe this is a story of power and greed. This story shows how some groups of our society conjure up their intelligence and power to exploit the less intelligent and misinformed. Pig Napoleon represents  a greedy, selfish and deceitful leader who says everything is for the poor and needy but in fact only fattening his own belly. Squealer represents media that mislead and manipulate the public with lie to secure Napoleon's power thus securing his own. Boxer stands for honest, hard working general public who gives loyalty and trust to the very people who will exploit to his death. His motto is ""I will work harder."" and "" Napoleon is always right."" In the story Boxer earned love and support from all animals. However I find it disturbing that he never asked anything back for his dedication. There was no evidence or rational explanation why Napoleon should be always right. There was no reason why Napoleon should dictate how Boxer's everyday life should be. His life was such a waste. After all only the few old remember how good an animal he was! Sheep are the very own foundation of pig's power. They say ""Four legs good, Two legs bad."" at the beginning yet change their tune to ""Four legs good, Two legs better."" at the end. They are saying this over and over again yet they do not even understand what they are saying. All these blind loyalty and waste of their life contribute to evil empire of Animal Farm. All things that happened in Animal farm are happening this very moment somewhere on this earth. People were persecuted and executed for pointing out Squealer's lies and Napoleon's evil tyranny. We should put our trust and loyalty to authority that deserves them. We should never let other people to think for us."
"First off, let me point out that I know nothing of the Russian Revolution, of which this book is an allegory. I'm sure I wouldn't learnt about it in high school, but that was a long time ago and I've long since forgotten. Therefore, I started reading the Preface, but since it was pretty meaningless to me (and such things tend to bore me to tears), I skipped to Chapter 1.This book blew... my... mind! I'm struggling to come up with things to say about it that wouldn't give too much away for the few people who haven't read it yet. It really doesn't take any understanding of the historical events to understand what this book is about.It's extremely easy to read and quite short. It truly ropes you into the lives, hopes and dreams of the characters in a way that few other books have.It conjured up thoughts in my mind of people like Saddam Hussein and Robert Mugabe, both freedom fighters and struggle heroes of their own time. It shows that a socialist state will never work because of the simple human flaw: Power corrupts. It shows that the vast majority don't actually want freedom, don't know how to be free, and quite possibly don't understand what freedom actually is. People need to be led, and that those leaders will always take advantage of that.I'm glad that people (and really, there were around four or five people that simultaneous suggested I read this book... and then I started seeing it everywhere on Goodreads) finally convinced me to read this book. I'm only sorry it took me 32 years to finally do so, when so many had actually had it as a set-work in school.I would've given it more stars, were it not for the boring and unnecessary preface - which according to Wikipedia was only added later anyway."
"Animal Farm is allegorical novella by George Orwell published in England on 17 August 1945. According to Orwell, the book reflects events leading up to ad during the Stalin era before the Second World War. Orwell, a democratic socialist, was a critic of Joseph Stalin and hostile to Moscow-directed Stalinism. The novella uses anthropomorphic method of the revolution of the animal against the human being to show the time of the Communism in Russia and the truth of its revolution.  The story is organized and developed by the animal's revolution. It starts with the facts Animals are not satisfied the life Mr. Jones provides to them, they are poorly treated, always hungry and get beat by him.  Old Major, the old boar teaches the animals a revolutionary song, ""Beasts of England"". When Major dies, two young pigs, Snowball and Napoleon, assume command and lead the animal to take over the farm ran by the human. Here Mr. Jones (human)'s domination is an allegory of Tsar's government.  Russian people were tortured by the governing of Tsar, so some pioneering Russians decided to lead the people to start a revolution, the Russian Civil War and built a communism country.  After the revolution is successful and animal farm is built, they adopt Seven Commandments of Animalism, the most important of which is ""All animals are equal"". At first, Snowball teaches the animals to write and the foods are plentiful, but the conflict soon shows between Snowball and Napoleon. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items. Napoleon takes the pups from the farm dogs and let his dogs chase Snowball away. He wants to be the only leader in this animal farm.  Napoleon is an allegory for Joseph Stalin, and Snowball is the allegory of Leon Trotsky who was a major figure in the Russian Civil War, but because he opposed the policies and rise of Joseph Stalin, eventually he was expelled from the Communist Party, and finally deported from the Soviet Union. Stalin afterwards became the Premier of the Soviet Union.  The growth of the conflict begins after Napoleon takes over the leadership. The pigs learn to walk upright like human and carry whips to torture the other animals to work for them. The Seven Commandments are reduced to a single phrase: ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others"". Napoleon announces an alliance with the humans, against the laboring classes of both ""worlds"". He abolishes practices and traditions related to the Revolution, and changes the name of the farm to ""The Manor Farm"".  Communism is a revolutionary socialist movement to create a classless, moneyless, and stateless social order structured upon common ownership of the means of production, as well as a social, political and economic ideology that aims at the establishment of the social order. Russian people held a revolution to overthrow the Tsar's horrible domination, they thought the communism government will help them to fulfill the dream that they can live in an equal and prosperity society. But during his rule for a quarter of a century in the Soviet Union, he was one of the most powerful and murderous dictators in history. His policy was no different than the Tsar's. The communism dream of the Russian people has completed broken.  Through the vivid description of every character/animal in the animal farm and its revolution,  Orwell gives the reader precise insight on the communist government. Animal Farm is a very well-written critique of how socialist ideals are corrupted by powerful people, how the uneducated masses are taken advantage of , and how the dictator or communist leaders turn into capitalists. It's a wonderful example of how effective the allegorical style can be, and a well-deserved classic."
"""Animal farm"" by George Orwell is a true master piece. The author writes about a farm controlled by a harsh Mr. Jones. The animals worked hard and had little to show for it; they were not fed to satisfaction, nor did they have comfortable stables. Orwell uses the animal farm as a symbol of the struggle between socialists and communists. The plot of the story starts with the dream an old boar, ""Major"", has about an upcoming animal revolution against humans. He calls all animals together and instructs them on how to act when this uprising will take place. He makes it clear right away that no one can know when this up-rise will take place; and whether it will even happen in their lifetime nevertheless, he gave them over a set of rules by which to live that they should pass on to their offspring.  He starts off by telling them why they deserve to be independent; ""man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk . . . and yet there is not one of us that owns more than his bare skin"" (p. 29).  Major emphasized continuously over the importance of equality; ""and among us animals let there be perfect unity"" (p. 31). They also established a list of seven commands they must never violate once they win their freedom. Eventually Major dies and life on the farm continues, until the day Mr. Jones forgets to feed them. The animals stormed Mr. Jones home in search for food and when Mr. Jones began hitting them they started butting and kicking until Mr. Jones and his men fled for their lives. The animals began to realize that their time has come and they started implementing the rules that Major had taught them to abide by. Napoleon, one of the farm's pigs, who had a tremendous thirst for power, started manipulating the animals into crowning him as their leader. As time went on Napoleon began to veer away from the path Major had advised them to follow. He gave special treatment to his fellow pigs, and slowly began transforming himself into a dictator. Eventually he took over the whole farm, and had all the animals working as hard as they did under Mr., Jones while he laid back and enjoyed himself. The commandment that read ""all animals are equal"" (p.43) was suddenly changed to ""All Animals Are Equal But Some Animals Are More Equal Than Others"" (p. 133). None of the animals dared challenge him for they feared for their lives. And so all the freedom they so eagerly awaited for, vanished, as a result of Napoleon's thirst for power. Orwell, so amazingly foresaw what the future had in store for those that preferred the so-called freedom of communism. People will always try to dictate other people's lives; they may use sweet talk in the beginning in order to gain people's trust, but as soon as they feel comfortable enough they will run away with their power; never looking back."
"I have a mixed relationship with Orwell.  At times I greatly enjoy his works, and at other times (1984 I'm talking about you) I just can't bring myself to appreciate what are well known as classics.  Luckily, Animal Farm is one of the ones I can appreciate.Ready for a Revolution, the animals at Manor Farm have had it with the way they have been treated by their human owners.  A rebellion breaks out and drives the humans away from the farm and the animals take it over for themselves.  They all chip in to do the hard work, but as time passes, certain animals raise themselves as leaders and begin delegating, promising great hopes of tomorrow for the other animals.  More and more the perfect society morphs into what they used ot know, with many of them being unaware of it.These are animals, of course we're going to like them better than a story about people.  Who can't be charmed by a horse who wants to work hard or a donkey that just seems a bit gloomy.  And I think it's a brilliant way of putting the authors outlook on certain societies and government out there.  And the subtle way that it's done is most impressive too.  The pigs have brains, there's no denying that and it was interesting to see how Orwell used them to present the change in power amongst the animals.  I do think Orwell was a bit unfair to some of the animals though; there should have been a few outstanding cases amongst some creature other than the pigs, just like there are a few outstanding people amongst an unfair government as well.Obviously this is based on the authors interpretation of communism.  But I think the bigger lesson, rather than focusing on any particular government, is that when you have a group of sentient beings, there are going to be some that want more power than others, and no equality can exist in such a dynamic.  No utopia will ever be reached because of this trait of humankind either.  It just so happens it's represented by animals in this book.  And this book isn't very long.  It doesn't even reach a hundred pages in my version which is astounding when you think about how much detail and how many ideas are packed into it.  And it's presented well without feeling rushed.  Although I do have to say, I would have appreciated it being even longer and more ideas being thrown out there.  As good as it is, I definitely can see it being even better.A four and a half star book for me.  It's definitely a classic and presents a unique outlook on the power struggles that exist in life.Animal FarmCopyright 194585 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2012"
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is short and sweet (or bittersweet). Animal Farm is supposed to be an ideal place, but turns out to be anything but that - a corrupted place where a few pigs have all the power. Having done some research on the book before reading it, I learned that this whole novel was satiric, and an extended metaphor or allegory of the Russian revolution. The message, however, is not just about communism or socialism or Russia, but rather society and humankind as a whole.It is easy to be discouraged to read this book because of the heavy political reference; however, the commentary on human nature outweighs this. Old Major, the pig with the vision of a new peaceful society for the animals, represents the Soviet leaders Marx and Lenin. These leaders aren't actually alive to see the implementation of their ideal. I like that Orwell doesn't exactly attack Soviet ideals, but simply paints a harsh picture of the ones who come afterward to corrupt the ideal (namely Napoleon), by becoming overzealous and tyrannical themselves. Theoretically the ideal could work. Orwell points out; however, that greed and humankind's nature can lead to corruption.To me, Boxer, the workhorse who represents Soviet peasants, is the most tragic character. Loyal and hardworking, he remains blinded by idea of the now jaded ideal as he stays faithful to Napoleon's leadership even as things continually go wrong.The character of Squealer - a pig who convinces the other farm animals that their memories are bad among other things - awed me. Orwell's depiction of this kind of psychological warfare in such a straightforward, non-confusing manner really adds to the poignancy of this tragic tale.I recommend this book because it is so poignant, shocking and interesting (mostly shocking)."
"""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell is short, enjoyable read that I choose for a mandatory independent read in my AP Literature class. However, I was able to diligently and quickly read this book in a short time period of a week. I found this book as a whole to be very imaginative in order to expose and critique the totalitarian regime in Russia.  In the beginning of ""Animal Farm"", a prized boar, Old Major, brings all the animals together for a meeting in the barn on Major Farm. He then tells the other animals about a dream he had the night prior dealing with communism thus setting the plot of the book. A dream in which all the animals live together with no interaction with the human race. The animals will no longer be burdened and forced by the human population. Together, they must work towards this visioned destiny, ""Animal Farm"", with a joyous theme song called ""Beasts England."" Pigs take the place as the oppressive human dictatorship. However, as the years continue on in creating this animalized paradise controlled by ""Animalism"", the pigs that took leadership roles begin to humanize. They begin to carry around whips, walk upright, and even begin to cloth themselves. Napoleon, the big man in charge, creates a saying: ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal."" Thus, he changes the farm's name back to Manor Farm from Animal Farm. The idea of complete freedom only leads back to totalitarianism.  I found ""Animal Farm"" to be a correct depiction of our world history leading to our current society. Our current government in the United States is in a democratic state. However, world history has proven that totalitarianism is still alive and well. I think that Orwell's novel, ""Animal Farm"", is a well-written book in order to expose the world we live in."
"This book succeeds on so many levels. Orwell states that ""Animal Farm was the first book in which [he] tried, with full consciousness of what [he] was doing, to fuse political purpose and artistic purpose into one whole"" (Orwell 16) and I believe he does so wholeheartedly. First, ""Animal Farm"" is one of the harshest political attacks on Stalin and the Russian Revolution, making it very rooted in history. However, even if the reader has no knowledge of Russian politics this book manages to carry universal meanings about humanity and critiques totalitarianism and the tools in which the strong manage to oppress the weak, including: religion, manipulation of laws to suit the government's end, false promises, brute force if one does not comply with authority, and propaganda to support the ruling class. It critiques communism--not the idea of it--rather the implementation of it and how it could never succeed due to man's selfish nature to advance oneself. He tells this story in the form of a fable and what starts off so innocent and optimistic--a group of animals working for the common good, equal in status, and resources--takes a dark twist and ends in outright nightmare. Reading this book made me look at all the flaws in my own government today and infuriated me. I actually had to take a break from reading it just to calm down. I think that Orwell has succeeded in writing this book by getting that kind of reaction. Animal Farm ends on a very tragic note and Old Benjamin leaves us with a very pessimistic message: ""things never had been, nor ever could be much better or much worse--hunger, hardship, and disappointment being, so he said, the unalterable law of life"" (Orwell 130). I cannot help that some day we will surmount this and on that I leave you with Imagine by John Lennon: [..]"
"Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" works on both levels - as a simple fable of greed and corruption, and more specifically, a brilliantly scathing satire on Communism.The animals of Manor Farm in the English county of Willingdon are spurred to rebellion by the visionary white boar - Old Major. Led by two other boars, Napoleon and Snowball, the farm animals with the stalwart shire horse, Boxer, oust the incompetent, selfish farmer, Mr. Jones, and change Manor Farm to ""Animal Farm"", henceforth to be governed by the revered laws of Animalism, and its Seven Commandments. However, venality and brute force subvert the high ideals of Animalism, leading to its ironic culmination, which Orwell sums up in the distortion of the final, and most sacred commandment. No spoilers. Read it for yourself.History buffs will find delightful parallels in the many personifications of past Russian Revolutionary figures, whether it's Old Major as Lenin; the gifted, inventive Snowball as Trotsky; or, the brutal, cunning Napoleon as one of recent history's megalomaniacal dictators - Stalin. Then, there's the litigious, double-dealing farmer, Foxwood as the United States, and the gentleman farmer, Pilkington as England/Europe. Not to be left out is Religion - ""the opium of the masses"" - as represented by Moses, the Raven, squawking about Sugarcandy Mountain, and the rewards awaiting hardworking animals. Most moving perhaps, is Boxer. His betrayal by the pigs is ultimately the betrayal of the common man, who is the backbone of any nation.Orwell's writing style is masterly, never a word out of place. His sense of social injustice and righteous anger never boils over into melodrama, or cheap manipulation. ""Animal Farm"" is not a story with a happy ending, but history is a very long story. Unfortunately, Orwell died before the end of the Soviet Empire. But perhaps, he saw it coming anyway. No dictator stays in power forever, just long enough to do maximum damage in minimum time."
"Frankly, this book is frightening.  And frighteningly awesome.  It's so realistic that I'm afraid it's going to happen all over again.  I have vague memories of having read it way back when I was in junior high, but reading it again recently, I had no memories of the actual book itself, so this time around was basically like reading it the first time around.  And boy am I glad I did decide to reread it.So, it starts of seeming like, what is to me, a dream come true.  The animals of Manor Farm decide to kick the human off the farm.  I've always dreamed about something like this happening somewhere, to show humans that animals really do have feelings and the way we torture them on factory farms, raising them for food, is sickening.  Unfortunately, from there it goes downhill (in terms of my dream of what would happen if this actually did happen in life), and what follows is a brilliantly master-minded story that gives us a unique look at the inner-workings of a socialist/communist society.Sure, with the animals and all, it's fictional, but it's based on truth so much so that, were you to replace the animals with human animals, you would have communist Russia.  Orwell's story is told in such a way that, even though you are reading something serious and important, you are absolutely hooked from line one, and you won't want to put it down until you know what happens to the animals of Manor/Animal Farm.  Even though, if you know a little something about communism, you probably do.I think it was absolutely fitting that Orwell used the guise of ""pig"" for the rulers of his farm.  And the sheep, of course, were always the ones to blindly follow.  It is scathingly critical in the funniest and most appropriate of ways.  Despite the good intentions with which the farm is formed, we see how easily these intentions can change, and how readily the people in charge are willing to brainwash those ""less intelligent"" in order to gain a little more human comfort.  It builds up in such a way, though, that it's almost as if those high up don't even realize what is happening.Animal Farm is satire at its best, and I could go on for ages about how brilliantly Orwell has parodied communism and given all the best reasons it won't work, but the fact is, the book is short and wonderful, so I think it's best for you to just read it for yourself.  So do it!  Now!  :-)  It's witty and funny and brilliantly constructed.  More than that, though, it's informative!"
"Written by George Orwell and published on August 17, 1945, Animal Farm is a powerful and scathing review of Communism in the former Soviet Union. Based on the story of the Russian Revolution, it grabs you from the very first sentence and is practically an addicting book to read from start to finish. The story itself is very simple and easy to follow, however, the message it gives you is one that is powerful. This book is one you definitely need to think over when you finish reading it, if even for only a brief minute.Animal Farm is the story of the animals on Mr. Jones' farm. They are abused frequently and harshly overworked, considering themselves to be slaves to him. This abusive treatment, in combination with the words of the wise old boar, Old Major, spark ideas for revenge, freedom, and revolution. The animals, after Major's death, quickly act out their plans, overthrowing the alcoholic Mr. Jones and Mrs. Jones out of the farm and claiming it is their own, ""Animal Farm""Following Mr. Jones' expulsion from Animal Farm, the pigs take over, having prepared for leadership by learning how to read and write. Despite this, things seem to be great at first; freedom finally gracing the animals for the first time in their lives. Through complex propaganda and scaring tactics, the animals slowly lose all the freedom they worked to regain. This continues until the end of the novel, where they are found to be in the exact same position they started in, maybe arguably being in even a worse position.Through Orwell's use of symbolism, parallels can be made from ""Animal Farm"" to the Russian Revolution, teaching you, in a way, like a history book would (Of course I'm not insinuating you read this novel in place of one). The animals all relate to real life people who held significance during the time and actually tell the tale very accurately. Despite this, Orwell is able to make you become attached to some characters, and, at times, can get you angry at what they are forced to endure.Animal Farm is, to say the least, a classic read. While the story is a short one, the messages it leaves behind are huge and inspiring. This story, while sad and depressing in nature, is definitely one I would recommend to anybody. George Orwell has made a masterpiece with this story."
"This book is one of the most enspiring novels I've ever read! This book is a mixture of several concepts.There is freedom, life, stupidity , and betrayal.The book talks about a group of farm animals.There is an old man who tries to take away their rights in the story. The man gets some of the animals to help hem on the deal.But the animals won't let that hapen.There is many dramatic moves in the story.I hope you enjoy the book."
"Amazing how a bunch of pigs and farm animals can completely resemble human beings, societies and politicians-followers. Orwell's sweet n' simple story is anything but, and tells the tale of Utopia-gone-wrong, is like a twisted  fairy tale unhappily ever after. Nevertheless, the book is hilarious and  though dark, it makes you think and be thankful/critical to live in the  society that we do, with and without it's flaws."
"The scenes are seen every day. History repeats and we still forget, just like the animals did. More than 60 years have passed since this was written, but nothing much have changed, things just keep repeating.I am guessing (but I'm definitely not sure) in some countries or states who follow a certain political ideology, the circulation, publication, citation and reading of this book is definitely banned"
"In my opinion, truly classic literature remains as relevant to the present as the era in which it was written. Unfortunately this said tale remains an accurate reflection of the relationship between the haves -- the few in power -- and the have-nots -- the many oppressed. As was true for the animals of Animal Farm, ""Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."" -- George Santayana"
This was an excellent book.  It can be read on two different levels by an age of person.  For a younger reader it is very funny and entertaining.  For the older more educuated reader this book can be read and analyzed on a  higher level.  I enjoyed reading this book and Mr. Orwell did a wonderful  job in writing one of the greatest book in Literary history.  He is a great  author and this is a great book.
"this book blew me away! the hatefulness, the fight, the tricking, and the morals all mixed into this breath taking book. i couldn't put the book down, the literature and the meaning was really deep and astounding. don't  wait till your teacher assigns it to you, read it!  there is so much  meaning in it that tell the story of communisim and power and how trust  should be taken. please, read and enjoy!"
"What a fine story for young to understand why Communism may seem a fine idea on paper, but can go radically wrong when implemented by the wrong people, and how eventually you see that dictators and monarchs are no different. A good example of the mass control of a people by one, as history has reflected numerous times.  Mr. Orwell has gifted us with this book by exposing the evils of Communism."
"Needed to read this for an intro political science class assignment. I will be honest in that I don't know too much about the Russians and what was taking place at the time this book was written/published. I can tell you I easily understood the satirical nature directed towards their political system. Really enjoyed this book, and didn't want to stop reading until I reached the very end."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is a compelling and interesting book describing the evolution of a farm run by animals.  The Animals on Manor Farm are fed up by the rule of farmer jones. They deicide to kick jones and his wife off the farm. With a civilization under way a leader must be elected. This starts reigns of power, espionage and murder on the farm called paradise."
"This is probably the best book that I have read this summer.  I read it in about a day and followed the story with a kind of ""what's the big deal?"" attitude. But when I read the last line, it all started to make sense to me.  I related it to our current situation in the US and couldn't go to sleep because the last line kept repeating in my head.  This would be great book for anyone who wants a short, easy read."
"People consider this a kid's book, but it is a very succinct review of extreme ideologies. All adults should read this as you will note that you actually see some of these behaviors in your work place. Kids will not fully grasp what the book is describing, because they will not have enough life experience. If you read this thing as a kid, read it again as an adult. It's worth it.The book itself, of course, is loosely based on the Russian Revolution, but it is not just about the Russian Revolution or Communism. It is about human nature... the worst parts of human nature."
"This book lived up to it's hugely successful expectations. I'd recommend this read to absolutely everyone. I didn't think I could like any of Orwell's work better than I loved 1984. I was pleasantly surprised to find I love Animal Farm just a smidgeon more. Even all these years later, both books hold true to the time we live in now. Orwell's use of the farm and animals was pure genius. Truly, you really need to just read it. Nothing I write in a review could ever do it justice. I finished it in 2 busy days. I just couldn't put it down except when I HAD to. Highly recommend it."
"I found Animal Farm one of the most incredible books i've ever read!  It really made me think; Orwell has a way of captivating and scaring the reader, like in 1984.  The grim reality of a good idea, communism, however the failure of it in practise is displayed so truthly in this book.  Using major as Marx, Snowball as Trotsky and Napoleon as Stalin a depressing and devastating novel is written about communist Russia.  Although i am only 16 i felt this book gave me a greater understanding of the ideas and failures of communism, after learning about the cold war in school."
"This is a truly unique story about how a form of government went completely haywire.  After the ""rebellion"" takes place and the drunken Mr. Jones is run out of the farm, the pigs automatically take charge of the farm.  At first, ""animalism"" works out just fine, but soon it turns into a totalitarian government completely dictated by 3 pigs using propaganda to sway all of the animals thoughts.  I can always tell a good book from a bad book because if its a good book than i will think about it days after i finished it.  This is unlike every book i have ever read and would highly recommend it to readers of more mature ages."
"This book, although short, is an exelent example of taking an event in history and turning it into a book that displays it in a way that gets children into something that has a deeper meaning. It indirectly shows real events in history, and shows how power corrupts. This book can teach children about how one person can sieze control, and how you can turn into what you do not want to become by being greedy. Overall this book is a good book to pick up and read because it gets you to think, and you can see real events in history keep repeating themselves."
"I just received this book today.  It is literally like someone typed it into a Microsoft Word doc - even including LINES separating chapters, not page breaks.  As someone who hasn't read the book before, how do I know if this good buddy typed everything?  The title page features a little disclaimer that this doesn't violate Copyright law, since the author has been dead for 64 years. Oh goodie!  That increases the quality if the product!  I assumed the picture was just some really s***ty random photo. Nope, that is indeed the cover.The least this ""publisher"" could have done is at least format it to look like a real book."
"I read this book as a class assignment and found it to be a thoroughly engrossing and thought-provoking read. It is very short, but at the same time very satisfying. I almost wept at several points in the book (specifically Snowball's expulsion, Boxer's death, and the final scenes), and fell over laughing at others. It is balanced and well-written. The only point to find fault with is the book's disturbing qualities, with battle scenes and executed (innocent) animals. In conclusion, this is an excellent book that I recommend for all ages."
"I have read this book at least 3 times a year since I was in the fourth grade.  I'm almost 25 now, and every time I read it I get something different out of it.  I have been involved in classroom discussions about this book, and I see the ties that Orwell made to the politics of the day.  However, I think that this book is best read as a general commentary on human nature, and how power, especially absolute power, can corrupt those with the best of intentions.  I hope that you enjoy this book as much as I have through the years.  -- Kim"
"Animal Farm, by George Orwell, is one of the best books I have ever read. The basic plot is about animals on a farm driving out the dictating humans and living a prosperous life working together. They still have to do everything that they used too, except they are doing it for themselves. In the end the pigs end up taking control and they act just like the humans did. The style of writing Mr. Orwell uses is very good. It is a book that flows together and keeps you reading. I recommend this book to anyone who likes to read."
"Aside from providing an interesting and entertaining plot, Animal Farm is also an excellent satire of the Soviet Union. Similarities between the two are fairly obvious in places: the animals' hostile takeover of the farm; the displaying of Old Major's skull; the building of the windmill (the failed industrial revolution); the exile of Snowball the pig (Trotsky); and the ending of the book (which I won't ruin for all you potential readers!)A little research on Soviet history will make the book extremely enjoyable."
"Orwell is taking one step more here than in ""1984"". He describes the rebellion of the animals of a farm against the brutal, steadily drunken farmer who exploits and oppresses them violently. The usurpation against this rule of violence is successful. But to fight the evil it does not mean to  attain the emergence of the good.When in 1917 the Bolschewiki and Menschewiki overthrew Czarist Russia they removed a system that had brought for most of the people only hardly bearable conditions. In their place they set a regimen with an ideology that promised a wonderful future but created more terrible conditions than had ever existed before. The same goes with the animals on the farm. The freed ones installed a much worse rule.  This happens not at once, it is a creeping and scaringly not avoidable process!Is this the fate of any free order, that it deteriorates into dictatorship? Is this what Orwell wants to tell us? Not quite! He is about showing us that this is only inevitable when the conscience for freedom values is undermined. But then it might be an imperceptible process which is all the more successful in case of a skilled use of language. The individuals should get accustomed to the wrong and adopt it. This makes them assessable. In the end they have no more own voice and bleat ""mee"" and ""moo"" in lockstep until they can be lead to the butcher unresistantly. At first it is the turn of the unadopted, but in the end all others are in for it, even the rascals. They leave a desert behind. Enough examples in the younger history! Especially the 20th century has excelled in the realization of much promising but less promise keeping ideologies, whose devastating effects will last long.Orwell`s book is an appeal to all to understand and treasure the freedom rights of man as superior sanctity of human possession and to restore them as the most precious good that people have. He hopes that man is wise enough to do it. It is a pious hope.Freedom is always endangered if one or a group of people, a party, a majority etc. has the presumption to connote oneself as only owner of ""truth"". And freedom is getting lost, if it becomes a political will, transformed and applied by the power holders. Ideologies promise always to bring people to their true greatness. In truth they belittle them to unrecognizability. This can be seen in our times in Islam how it is lived by the Islamists where the individual is nothing, although promised paradise. Already Friedrich Hlderlin had said: ""It were always those who made the world a hell who promised to make it paradise.""""Animal farm"" is thrilling though you know in the beginning how it ends."
"Orwell is taking one step more here than in ""1984"". He describes the rebellion of the animals of a farm against the brutal, steadily drunken farmer who exploits and oppresses them violently. The usurpation against this rule of violence is successful. But to fight the evil it does not mean to  attain the emergence of the good.When in 1917 the Bolschewiki and Menschewiki overthrew Czarist Russia they removed a system that had brought for most of the people only hardly bearable conditions. In their place they set a regimen with an ideology that promised a wonderful future but created more terrible conditions than had ever existed before. The same goes with the animals on the farm. The freed ones installed a much worse rule.  This happens not at once, it is a creeping and scaringly not avoidable process!Is this the fate of any free order, that it deteriorates into dictatorship? Is this what Orwell wants to tell us? Not quite! He is about showing us that this is only inevitable when the conscience for freedom values is undermined. But then it might be an imperceptible process which is all the more successful in case of a skilled use of language. The individuals should get accustomed to the wrong and adopt it. This makes them assessable. In the end they have no more own voice and bleat ""mee"" and ""moo"" in lockstep until they can be lead to the butcher unresistantly. At first it is the turn of the unadopted, but in the end all others are in for it, even the rascals. They leave a desert behind. Enough examples in the younger history! Especially the 20th century has excelled in the realization of much promising but less promise keeping ideologies, whose devastating effects will last long.Orwell`s book is an appeal to all to understand and treasure the freedom rights of man as superior sanctity of human possession and to restore them as the most precious good that people have. He hopes that man is wise enough to do it. It is a pious hope.Freedom is always endangered if one or a group of people, a party, a majority etc. has the presumption to connote oneself as only owner of ""truth"". And freedom is getting lost, if it becomes a political will, transformed and applied by the power holders. Ideologies promise always to bring people to their true greatness. In truth they belittle them to unrecognizability. This can be seen in our times in Islam how it is lived by the Islamists where the individual is nothing, although promised paradise. Already Friedrich Hlderlin had said: ""It were always those who made the world a hell who promised to make it paradise.""""Animal farm"" is thrilling though you know in the beginning how it ends."
"Years after its publication ANIMAL FARM continues to bridge the gap between great parody and a good animal story.The setting is a farm taken over in an animal revolution from the human owner. The pigs on the farm become the ruling class in this ""classless"" society. The farm endures an abortive invasion by the humans and gradually devolves into a society similar to the old one that was overthrown with the humans allying with the pig elite. Enough said about the plot. This book today is seen by many as a children's story as some publishers saw it when Orwell first approached them. As the memory of the Soviet Union fades into history this book will lose its edge as political parody.The story of ANIMAL FARM is actually the history of the Soviet state between 1917 and the death of Stalin. The secession of Lenin, Trotsky and Stalin can easily be seen in the story as can the the tyranny of the ruling Politburo. ANIMAL FARM  was probably influenced by Orwell's experience in the Spanish Civil War remembered in HOMAGE TO CATALONIA- a bitter story of Communist double dealings against the Left. The chapters in HOMAGE TO CATALONIA that deal with the labyrinthine left politics of the Spanish Republic are echoed in ANIMAL FARM.ANIMAL FARM raises the same disturbing questions that HOMAGE raised with me when I read it. The tyrant pigs who run the farm are, paradoxically, the ones who save it from the humans and the ones who organize and exploit it. The Soviet Union with its meagre help bought time for the Spanish Republic, advanced the Soviet state's interest in maintaining its military alliance with France, and at the same time prevented a real revolution in Spain. A revolution that could have created a weak Spain possibly occupied by the Nazi war machine. A war machine that would have dominated the western flank of British Egypt and Malta.The West benefited from the tyranny of Stalin with a destructive second front against Hitler.  The farm, with the political machinations of the pigs, was defended from a far worse human tyranny. Was Orwell guilty of aloofness from Realpolitik or did he have excessive idealism? Is the worldview of ANIMAL FARM realistic? Was Orwell a reactionary in red sheep's clothing?The impact of this book was seen as huge and potentially destabilizing when published in 1946. The US Army in Bavaria restricted distribution to then Soviet occupied zones for fears that it would provoke the ire of the Russians. So much for calling Stalin a pig.A student of history and readers who like animal stories will find this book enduring."
"Animals Gone Wild...By Lily StarbuckGeorge Orwell's fable, Animal Farm, tells the tale of frustrated animals who overthrow their master Mr. Jones, who owns the Manor Farm. Through many hard times and conflicts it comes down to who can survive the new farm life. New leaders, new problems, new jobs, everything is changing for the better. Or is it? Orwell is able to portray the idea ""absolute power corrupts absolutely."" Animal Farm is a quick read and has a loud and clear message, which Orwell shows through a microcosm of the 1917 Russian revolution.The animals have one goal in mind after they defeat Mr. Jones. That goal would be change. And through this change there will be laws, the Seven Commandments that will help keep the animals equal with one another and make sure the animals don't acquire human-like habits, because the animals don't want to become like the humans who have treated them so terribly and striped them of their freewill. While reading the book you see some animals are starting to create a different status for themselves on the farm, making them more important and able to instruct as well as make decisions for the other animals. I know that while reading Animal Farm I felt angry at the animals that let a new leader control them. Only some of the characters didn't remain loyal to their new leader, and that to me showed bravery, for standing up for something they knew had to be stopped.George Orwell used farm animals to illustrate the struggle for the control of the Soviet Union. The two pigs, Snowball and Napolean, from Animal Farm resemble Leon Trotsky and Joseph Stallin who both fought over power in Russia. Both Napolean and Stallin took all the power for themselves and became greedy and selfish, therefore not fulfilling their promises to their followers. The struggle for authority, throughout history, is an ongoing process.I truly enjoyed reading Animal Farm. It wasn't a book where you couldn't put it down but one you find time to read in the oddest moments. George Orwell was an amazing writer. He made learning a life lesson and learning part of history simple and enjoyable. And I don't even like reading books about talking animals and yet I'm recommending this fabulous piece of literature."
"The story is well described in the other reviews, especially in the first one above from the professional reviewer, but I do find it necessary to point out a few observations:First: George Orwell is a literary genius. There's a reason why he graces the cover of the book:Don't Weep for Me, America: How Democracy in America Became the Prince (While We Slept). If you liked ""Animal Farm"", ""1984"" is going to knock you into another thought paradigm.Secondly, and more important: Whether you read about ""Animal Farm"" from the professional reviewers, Cliff Notes, or in the introduction to the book itself, there is one self-imposed ""limitation"" that stays consistent throughout, and that is the sovereign state Orwell has in mind when he wrote ""Animal Farm"" (or ""1984"" for that matter)is the Soviet Union. While this may be true, the bigger and more relevant point is getting missed. This bigger and more relevant point is that for ANY sovereign nation, when there is a change of power in its governance (for its betterment), it is ALWAYS the case, I repeat, it is ALWAYS the case that the new governance will gradually become the same as the one it replaced. Look no further than the United States of America. The 1776 rebels overthrew the British tyrant, King George III, mostly due to oppressive business practices, taxes and lack of representation. And look where we are today, in 2008! Corporations rule. Taxes, which we already fought one war over, are exorbitant, and Congress is simply a millionaires club representing the wealthy.How do we know that George Orwell saw this happening? Because he worked in the BBC and the BBC was spewing the SAME propaganda that the Soviet Union was using. How do we know this? Because writer Martin Esslin worked at the BBC at the same time as Orwell and he wrote that this was the case! For further reference, see my review of the book:U.S. Television News and Cold War Propaganda, 1947-1960 (Cambridge Studies in the History of Mass Communication).So the point, as is the point with ALL my reviews is this: Become a CRITICAL THINKER!"
"George Orwell's classic novel, Animal Farm, is basically a book that shows the reader all of the problems with communism. Animal Farm first addresses the problem of how tempting communism sounds to the uninformed, and in some cases uneducated, ear. Doesn't it sound nice that everyone pulls their own weight and everyone reaps the benefits? It did to the animals of Manor Farm. At first it was great without those pesky humans around; the animals ate all of the food and got to keep their children. However, it quickly became very obvious that this system wasn't working. The pigs, the smartest of all the farm animals, began to take over led by Napoleon and Snowball. Soon after the establishment of Animal Farm (formerly known as Manor Farm) seven commandments were set forth such as ""no animal shall sleep in a bed"", ""no animal shall kill any other animal"", ""all animals are equal"", etc. After Napoleon ran Snowball off the farm with vicious dogs, Napoleon claimed full leadership of the farm and its animals. One by one, Napoleon modified each of the seven commandments to fit his liking such as ""no animal shall drink alcohol to excess."" In the end of the book it is impossible for Clover, a horse of Manor Farm (formerly known as Animal Farm and more formerly known as Manor Farm), to tell the difference between the pigs and humans while they are playing a card game. I would recommend this book to the reader that loves irony. Throughout the story I kept wondering who was going to be the first animal to figure out that in order get rid a tyrant (Mr. Jones the farm owner) they acquired another (""Comrade"" Napoleon). Alas I was relieved when a horse realized that Napoleon was changing the commandments for his own benefit. However, when the horse kept this knowledge to himself I was angry at him. I asked myself, ""Why wouldn't he show the animals who Napoleon really is?"" I never figured it out but for the reader who loves character analysis, this is the book for you! However, this book isn't written for the people who want everything spoon-fed to them. But for the reader that feels the need to read between the lines Animal Farm is full of mysteries for you to figure out."
"""Animal Farm"" by George OrwellOne night on Manor Farm, a farm owned by Mr. Jones, all of the animals gather in the barn for a meeting. Word had gone around earlier that Old Major a prize Middle White Boar, had a strange dream whose meaning he wanted to explain to the other animals. Major is so highly regarded by the other animals on the farm that everyone was happy to show up.Major tells the other animals that his time on earth is short and that he will be dieing soon but that he feels compelled to pass on the wisdom he has gained. Major points out to the animals that there life is one of misery with most of their time devoted to the gain of others, primarily Farmer Jones. Major tells the animals of his vision of a farm not run by humans but instead by animals. In this utopian society, no animal will be over worked or under fed because all of their toil and work will be for their own collective gain. Major advises that sometime in the future, the Animals must band together and make the utopia a reality, and that is just what the animals do......Animal Farm is an allegory about communism as viewed through the eyes of George Orwell (Eric Blair). It has been rumored that the two conflicting leaders on the farm young boars named Snowball and Napoleon are actually based off of former Russian leader and Politician Joseph Stalin and Politician Leon Trotsky. Like Stalin and Trotsky Snowball and Napoleon are at constant odds and are always trying to move the farm in opposite directions with the price for their bickering being bore by the other animals on the farm.The Good: This was a good short read lending insight to how Communism can and did unfold. I think ""Animal Farm"" provides readers with the most painless and to the point outline of Stalinist Russia available even though it is in allegory form. It isn't trying to point out all the details but just trying to show you the briefest version of the big picture.The Bad: Nothing really comes to mind. It certainly isn't the most action packed book but that doesn't really appear to be what Orwell was aiming for.Overall: Give ""Animal Farm"" a try. It is a quick, enjoyable read with a real moral behind it."
"Animal Farm is a novel that works well as an allegory for the Russian Revolution, but it is also a statement on how we are sometimes manipulated by those who are in higher authority. The interesting element depicted is the essence of anarchy and rebellion, and the cost it has on society. Clearly, the animals in the work do not feel as though they have gotten their fair share by the humans, which is Old Major's initial reason for the rebellion at the book's outset. However, the rebellion, and its laws become a bigger spectacle than imagined, and before some of the more noble characters can possibly realize it, Napoleon has completely gotten control of power over the animals, and they become blind to the truth. In this way the rebellion itself has a life of its own, and transforms the mild animals into animals of a vastly different nature.Another essence of Animal Farm is the picture of society with little freedom, voice or control. At one point after the rebellion, Snowball is ousted from the farm by Napoleon's deceptiveness, convincing the other animals that Snowball did not, in fact, play a heroic role in the battle with the humans. Some animals initially question this charge against the noble animal, knowing it isn't true, but eventually they submit passively, knowing the dangers of contradicting: physical pain, being exiled, or death. The breaking of the commandments of Animalism, and the manipulation and changing them by Napoleon, gradually break down their voice. Squealer seems to epitomize the idea of blindly following the pack when he continues to repeat, ""If Napoleon says it, it must be right."" Gradually becoming less and less resistant to challenging authority, the animals become confused and lose their identity.Although this book has deep symbolic messages and undertones, it is an easy read and a relatively short book in length. Orwell does a fantastic job of painting his ideas of a wrong type of societal system, and doing it in a book easy to follow. Clearly Orwell's book is much more than a story about animals talking on a farm or animals rebelling against humans; it is about losing voice and control as a society."
"I recently read ""Animal Farm"" with my Sophomore English class.  Whereas my students had the Signet version of the novella (the only one available in the school's Book Room), I trotted out my hardbound 50th Anniversary edition (the version I am reviewing) and read from it, mainly because it had larger text size than the students' paperbacks.I'm not going to get too much into the plot of ""Animal Farm"" as I believe if you're reading this review it's to decide WHICH VERSION of the novella is best.  The book deals with the revolt and eventual takeover of an English farm by farm animals who viewed themselves as being mistreated by their human masters.  Not only is ""Animal Farm"" an allegory of the Russian Revolution, it teaches very valuable lessons of how those in power operate (and manipulate the populace) to stay in power.  Don't feel that this book is trapped in time, as many of my students made connections with the events from the story with what they see on the news today (Iraq, social injustice, political doublespeak, etc.).Orwell's narrative is an excellent story (though I think his ""1984"" is the better work) and is the same here, as in other versions.  So why buy this PARTICULAR version?  Quite simply, for Steadman's artwork which added so much to the story.  His illustrations are not ""classically"" beautiful, but have a pop-art feel to them that is a perfect complement to Orwell's writing.  The book is beautifully rendered and is IMO well worth the extra money.What this version lacks that other versions offer is editorial commentary; there are no essays about the significance of Orwell's work or biography of his life at the beginnning of the book.  However, the editors do include Orwell's proposed Preface to the original edition of ""Animal Farm"" as well as the Preface to the Ukranian edition (and ""No, it's not written in Ukranian"").  Both are appendices at the end of the novella; both are free of extraneous commentary allowing the Reader to make up his/her own mind about the written words (which is what Orwell would have us do, right?).Beautiful bookmaking.  A fitting tribute to a modern classic."
"""Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch the rabbits, yet he is lord of all the animals"". Or at least he had been on Manor Farm, before the animals overthrew him. The animals on Manor Farm had been feeling oppressed, as they had been underfed and overworked. Then, a revolutionary pig named Major set in motion the revolution that would leave the animals in charge of the farm. At first, they had all been equal, working on the farm to their own capacity and the food produced would all go to the animals instead of humans or grocery stores. The pigs, who had taught themselves to read and write, led the other animals. They set up seven commandments that set up animalism, they basically condemned humans and all of their ways. The animals also set up their own traditions of visiting the skull of, now dead, Major and singing their song, which professed the essence of animalism, The Beasts of England. The also held meetings to discuss plans to improve Animal Farm as it became called. During many of the meetings, two pigs, Snowball and Napoleon, would always disagree, until one day, Napoleon chose to sic a pack of dogs on Snowball and expel him from Animal Farm. Napoleon enforced fierce rule on all of the animals with his pack of dogs. As time went on, it seemed his policies favored pigs, and, one by one, all of the commandments are broken and the pigs start looking even more like humans. One night, it is discovered that the pigs had been conspiring with the humans on other farms and the animals (who had not realized these  things before) found out that they are, in fact, worse off than they had been under the rule of humans. The animals then notice that faces of the pugs begin to change and they all look like humans. This was an extremely good book, I would especially recommend it to anyone who has been recently studying the Cold War or WWII. One thing that I liked about this book was that, even though all of the animals had been personified with personality and dialogue, they  still had animal names like Clover and Snowball. Also, their personalities seem to fit the animal. Boxer, the horse, is loyal, but intelligent and realizes he is being cheated by the pigs, he is also a hard worker. The pigs, of course, gain benefits at their alleged ""comrade's"" expense. They are also the brains of the group. Benjamin the old pack mule, was usually quiet, but smarter than the other animals and helped them open their eyes to treacheries of the pigs. Another thing that I liked about this book was the engaging curiosity it gave me. All of the foreshadowing shoed that Animal Farm would fall to oppression again due to Napoleon's rule, making the reader want to keep reading to see it happen and the exact cause. The Pigs' plans became clear when the banned meetings to discuss plans and decided that pigs would have total control of the farm. Once this happened, it made want to keep reading to see how the animals reacted (passively as they did throughout the course of the novel). Something else that made this a good book was that it described the pigs getting fatter as the other animals started to get overworked. It seemed that every pig got another chin after every previous promise given by animalism was broken. After giving the pigs the ability to drink alcohol, which had been illegal before, the pigs were described as being so fat that their beady eyes were hardly visible. It would seem that the pigs were leeching off of the other animals. Meanwhile, the other animals' ribs can bee seen through their skin.  My best reason to recommend this book is that it's allegorical portrayal of fascism is not only accurate, but clever. While a farm may be an unlikely place for a fascist dictator to take over, it shows the telltale signs. A good (and actually animalistic government created by Major) is taken over by someone who disagrees. He convinces them that the old leader is awful and makes a scapegoat of him. When conflict with humans arises and their structures collapse. The leader uses talk to win over the people and makes promises without keeping them. Gradually rights slip away and slaughter ensues. If these tactics were out of context, it would be even easier to identify them. As one reads the book, it becomes more obvious why the story took place on a farm. On a farm, it is easier to show the manipulation of the less intelligent and the shirking that the pigs often do. This was a great book for people who want a reason to think and don't mind old-school political satire."
"I loved this book--disturbing while cautionary. The farm animals are now worse off than before their revolt. A good idea gets twisted into something bad--a common theme throughout human history. The conditions that instigated the revolt now appear far better than the thing that the revolt has become. The pigs willfully edit the Seven Commandments to make themselves ""more equal.""  (No one outside of the pigs really remembers what the commandments actually were--The Major Pig's visionary precepts are now a farce.) The pigs and neighboring farmers appear indistinguishable as they sup together. Although Orwell aimed this satire against the Communist party, other organizations that start off innocent enough and eventually become twisted and persecutory can take heed of this short novel."
"This is a Masterpiece and a timeless classic! One of the greatest books I have ever read.The tale depicts not only the realities of the Communist State but of any Totalitarian State or Oppressing Regime or Oppressing Cult - and we have many examples in front of us even in today's so called civilized world! Wherever there are rulers like Nepoleon (a big fat pig) there is bound to be an ""Animal Farm!""This is a tale of unchecked absolute power and corruption. It is a tale of base desires, evil intentions, exploitation and blind following.A must read for everyone who likes to read and should be read again and again from middle school till we leave this beautiful planet at every few years interval, as a reminder to us, so that we do not fall in to the same trap!"
"Animal Farm is one of the greatest works of fiction every written!  George Orwell summarizez the Russian Revolution Remarkably well through this allegory.  The famine in the winter is similar to the famine in russia and the windmill is an example of Industrilization in Russia.  THe animals are well thought out too, Mr Jones is Czar Nicholas II, Napoleon is Joesph Stalin, Snowball is Leon Trotsky, Old Major is Karl Marx, the Dogs are the Secret Police, Mollie is white russia, Squealer is the Bolsheviks, Animalism is Stalinism and Boxer is the loyal proleteriat/working class.  I highly recommed this book to eveyrone that wants to learn about the Russian Revolution in a fun way instead of reading a boring textbook about it. George Orwell=Animal Author, First Class!"
"George Orwell's Animal Farm is a superb animation of the Russian Revolutioon.  The book is amusing and interesting; it includes a comic element as it synonymously demonstrates the evolution from the proletariat revolution to a totalitarian government led by the swine of the society.  Orwell successfully simplified the not-so-simple theory of class stratification and Karl Marx's proposed solution of communism.  Orwell's method of conveyance is incredibly inventive.  He uses satire in the form of a fairy tale to share his indignation for ideological doctrines that would, if allowed, lead to the eventual destruction of a society.  Each character in the story is representative of someone who was involved in the Russian Revolution.  Old Major is Marx, and inspires the proletariat revolution by motivating the over-worked animals and educating them on the ways of the human beings, who represent the bourgeoisie.  Orwell's creativity convinces the reader that the animals on the farm are intellectual beings, revolting against the tyranny of the humans.  Animal Farm offers itself as an example of a responsible criticism of Marxism.  The story gives us a peek at the Utopian vision, and then offers a long look at what results from using a Marxist approach at achieving it.  I strongly reccomend this book, as it is entertaining and educational.  Orwell succeeded in creating a fairy tale that evokes both sadness and laughter, while causing us to feel sympathy and even empathy for the working class animals.  The book escapes complexity, but its message does not."
"Now, I may be only 13 years old, but that does not mean this book is only for adults. Currently, my class is reading it. I've already re-read the book three times, and all I have to say is ""Wow"". It really DOES pertain to the Russian Revolution. When I first heard about this book, I was pretty skeptical that it would be a good book. I was wrong. It deals about the Ideas of ""Animalism"" (communism), what makes social classes, and how a country can be like while ruled under a dictatorship (Which in this case, would be an animal version of Stalin). I do reccomend this book to most adults, and some children as well, but not all. Alot of my classmates find this book boring, or hard to understand, but they don't like reading anyway, so it doesn't matter to them."
"When it comes to fiction books I'm a bit of an opsimath. I've arrived late to this party, and only because I read a study that argued that reading fiction increases cognitive capabilities. I'm not sure if that is happening but I am very much enjoying what I'm reading. Animal Farm was a marvelous read, and Orwell is an absolutely phenomenal writer; no pretense whatsoever. I found his minimal use of adjectives refreshing. The book is thought-provoking and excellent commentary on Communist Russia. I've got several other books by Orwell on my reading list, and I look forward to them with great anticipation. The famed Christopher Hitchens said there are very few authors whose collected works should find themselves on our selves, Orwell is one of those authors."
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"First let me point out that Old Major is not Karl Marx, and Karl Marx did not take part in the Bolshevik revolution in 1917 as another reviewer erroneously reported.  Old Major is Vladimir Lenin, whose death sparked a power struggle between Trotsky and Stalin (hopefully we all know how that turned out).Second, let me say this is a history of Russia on a farm, with animals replacing the people.  I'm taking a course on Russian revolutions and I'm seeing how exactly this book's story coincides with the actual events.  This could be a textbook for the course if only professors could be more fun.And third, all I want to say is that I would consider this and 1984 the only two novels that can carry the description ""must-read."""
"This book is one of the most unique books you'll ever read whether you are an ""Orwellian"" or not. This book represents any government system, and not just a fascist or communist regime as some suggest. George Orwell tells the story of a group of animals that hear a message to rise up against the humans. As they rise up, the pigs become the power hungry on the quest to rise up from their oppression. The pigs take advantage of their power, and they also betray their own rules.This book could say that one has to be a true saint for communism to work effectively, but in my opinion it states that if you give anyone power over another group of people, you will discover that we do not differ from the pigs in this novel.This is a true classic that everyone should read and feel inspired by. If you haven't read this, you don't know what you're missing."
"This book is a book that is too true with it's basic themes, and delightfully symbolic with animal symbolism. The mistreated animals in the farm are sick of their owner showing tyrannical rule over the farm, and decide to rule themselves in a govermental Utopia (otherwise known as Communism), only to end up in a position that is no less crueler than their previous rule. Politically correct and informing, phycologically deep, and strikingly poignant, this book is a book you should read in free will. Also, the best edition to get is the trade paperback one, which celebrates the book's 50th anniversary. Well-bound, with acid-free paper and a clean cover, what more can anyone ask for from a great edition? Enjoy Orwell's biting writing!"
"A really good read by all standards - very informative and relevant to the subject of finding meaning. Just wondering now, how come I am only chancing on it now. Good stuff. I also recommend one titled Midnight Philosophies  a small, but interesting read; heres a link:http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0096C3VCW"
"The style of writing was what I truly loved. It is very rare to see a book correctly written in the omniscient point of view. If anyone wants to see an example of how its supposed to be done, read this book.Read my full review at: http://mizner13.wordpress.com/2014/08/23/animal-farm-book-review/"
"The final sentence is the best ending in literary history! This story succinctly combines history, important realities of human nature and entertainment to teach a truly timeless lesson. Unfortunately, many in authority who promulgate the book, thinking they 'get it' exempt themselves from its lessons."
"When I picked this book up for the first time my dad told me briefly what it was about. On the first night I read two thirds of the book, and I was amazed of how a writer could turn a child's normal subject into a adult's tale of communism. i rcommend this book to anybody from 10 years old to 100."
"Animal Farm is a timeless read.  I read this as a freshman in high school, and I reread it this summer because I put it on my sons' (both in high school) summer reading list.  It is Orwell's short but powerful condemnation of communism.  It should be on every high school student's reading list."
"This is not a child's book, but can be read and enjoyed by children.The longer you've been around -and experienced power hungry and corrupt politicians and governments - the more you will enjoy Animal Farm.(For fun, read the book then try to guess what chapter we are in with our current government)"
I first read 1984 and became a fan of Orwell and after reading this my respect for him has deepened. Unarguably one of the best works I've ever read.A must for every book lover.Language is so simple yet very powerful and stimulating.Makes you think about the world we live in. Great buy!!!!
It is a good book to summary the history of most of communist countries. It is really easy to associate the characters with former USSR leaders and their broken system.  he book is well written and short which makes a good one for travelers that do not want to carry a massive book.
"This book was way better than I thought it would be. Funny, exciting, but also had many themes and things to learn from this book. You can really dig deeper into everything this book has to offer and find a duplicate in communist Russia. Awesome book for students to read and study."
"This is a very poor rendition of this book and is not at all compatible with high school classroom use. The biographical author introduction is cited  courtesy of Wikipedia. I was required to provide a ""star rating"", but clearly ""zero stars"" is most appropriate."
"It starts with a dream of a better tomorrow. One of the oldest pigs living in Manor Farm dreams of an animal revolution, where the animals will rebel against their human tormentors and take control for themselves, living in a peaceful, better world. This pig, Major, dies soon afterwards, but he has given them the idea, and within a short amount of time, the animals are in control. Victory has been declared.As in all societies, the residents of the renamed Animal Farm draw up a set of rules to be followed. Their Seven Commandments are written up, and those are the rules that nobody can break. Then, with a need for some sort of leadership, Snowball, a pig (who are of higher intelligence than the other animals), steps in. They start to build, and to plan, and then trouble starts. Napoleon, another pig, also wants a sense of power, and drives Snowball out of the farm.There begins a new stage of the farm animals. Meetings to discuss the good of the animals end, and Napoleon starts to twist facts around to convince the other animals of the ""true"" story, and many of them believe. Slowly, slowly, every original rule in the Seven Commandments gets changed, amended, or wiped, until they're are left with one final rule:All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.This is the last thing remaining, years and years after the animal revolution. The ducks begin to sing a different song, the name is changed, again, and something happens to change everything once more.The book is extremely symbolic. I doubt that Orwell actually meant animals once in this story. ""Animal Farm"" shows what happens in ""equal"" societies when there is one person who is slightly more in command, and what happens to revolutions of the underdogs. After reading this, I found myself thinking very hard about revolutions, communism, dictatorship, and the circle of bad they bring.This book is a must read. It's not too long, but every word is meaningful and important. The book is easy to read (the way it's written is very simple, possibly so that it may seem like animals wrote it), and makes things much easier to understand. The ending is thoughtful, kind of hopeless, and almost sad. It's an incredible book. There is no argument whether or not you should read this, because one can learn so much. I know I did, and I'm confident others will too, even if they don't like the rather simplistic writing style used."
"This book sets the standard for political and social satire. It was required reading when I was in high school and in my opinion one of the best books ever written. However, like all other books of social satire, you must know something of history to appreciate it. The setting is a farm where the animals are mistreated, so they revolt against their human owners and take control of the farm. In the initial joy of apparent liberation, the animals work together in a communal effort and manage to harvest more grain than ever before. The pigs emerge as the leaders, directing everyone else but apparently under the guise of ""All animals are equal."" They pledge to never deal with the dangerous and untrustworthy humans again, except in a manner that benefits all animals on the farm. No longer will animals be slaughtered for human food or gain and they will continue to share the produce, ""To each according to his needs."" The first crack in this occurs when the udders of the dairy cows are full and they need to be milked. Since their calves have been sold, the pigs manage to milk them and the milk just sits there. The pigs assure the others that they will do something with it, and later it becomes clear that they have consumed it. Boxer is the strong work horse who now works even harder. It does not take long before the pigs take total control of the farm, stomping all opposition, gently at first but it is not long before it becomes brutal and unyielding. At the end, Boxer works himself to death and he is sold off to be made into dog food and glue. The book is a satire on the Bolshevik revolution in Russia, where Lenin and his gang of revolutionaries overthrew the Tsarist regime. After that, they murdered Tsar Nicholas and all his family and then established a dictator ship far more brutal than that of the Tsar. If you are not aware of this, then the book will make very little sense to you. I have read this book at least five times in my life and it is a pleasure each time. This is a masterpiece that should be read by everyone, however, not without some assistance so that they know the target of the satire."
"It's interesting that this is thought to be a child's book, as the themes are so adult. The first time I read this, I was about 13 years old. Fifteen years later, as I look at this with a fresh eye, it's amazing how much better the book has gotten with time.Orwell covered some things that have been talked about at great length by other authors (people that you've never even thought of, such as F.A.Hayek) in a way that was understandable and mercifully concise. In another way, the book also predicted a lot of things that materialized in later regimes.  I don't know if Orwell's conclusions were based on writings/ observations of what happened in the Bolshevik Revolution or if they correctly predicted what would later happen. If it's the latter, then the book should've gotten a Nobel Prize.All of the metaphors are good and clear, and some of the better ones are:1. Public works projects funded by the state. The windmill was something that was touted as the end-all and be-all and great pains were sacrificed to achieve it. This sounds familiar to public works projects that have taken place in the Soviet Union and China over the last 2,000 years (Great Wall, anyone?)2. The effortless separation of meaning and words of leaders who have emerged from the forefront of varied revolutions. And how this is achieved by the propaganda department of varied government arms. (Squealer).3. The way that revolutions tend to lose their momentum over time and need periodic refreshers to keep the people inflamed, and therefore in need of a leader. (I doubt that the President of Iran has anything against Jews personally, but he needs some type of rallying point to keep the Islamic Revolution fresh-- it is about 27 years old at the time of this review.)4. The spread of constant misinformation by actually creating false numbers consistent with the vision of the leadership. This is exactly what happened during the Great Famine in China nearly ten years after the publication of this book.(Can you guess who I'm talking about when I say 8-9% growth every year, come rain or shine?)5. The need of some people to have some Great Force to tell them what to do is something that happens in real life in places to numerous to mention and their willingness to repeat meaningless slogans. (World Trade protesters starting to look like the sheep, anyone?)6. The intellectual component of state-controlled governments. There was a lot of argument between warring camps over very abstract ideas that were not necessarily based on having observed something real. (Snowball and Napoleon). Later regimes have turned much more destructively into camps of sheep warring over the intellectual ideas of pigs. (Trotskyites and Pure Communists. Liberal and Conservatives)"
"In Animal Farm, Orwell applies personification throughout the entire novella and shows the idea of Utopia.  The animals aspire after a perfect farm where they could rule themselves and their work would be guerdoned rather than be given more tasks.  The perfect farm is a flawless society where everyone is joyful and cooperated.  Orwell ingeniously contextualizes the twice conversion of Manor Farm to imply the inauguration of Animal Farm and its downfall.  Manor Farm was managed by Mr. Jones, who is a drunkard.  Animals endure in an extremely terrible condition.  Old Major, as the sainted initiator, deems that the farm without human is the solution of all the problems.  He assembles the animals and tells them, ""All the habits of Man are evil"", such as living in a house, sleeping in a bed, drinking alcohol, smoking tobacco, touching money and engaging in trade.  Then, they're getting preparation for the rebellion.  However, the rebellion comes much earlier than they've ever expected.  With desperation of Mr. Jones' deviltry, the animals can't suffer from the hunger of scarce of food and indignation of Mr. Jones' inhumanity any more.  Eventually, they succeed and they are about to build a Utopia among the animals.  Regrettably, the Mollie, who is a mare, defies working so hard and becomes the first one to leave the farm because she can't adapt the life style of Utopia.  ""Mollie...was no good at getting up in the mornings, and had a way of leaving work early on the ground that there was a stone in her hoof.""  Mollie is still concerned about the luxuries like eating sugar and wearing ribbons.  However, she's told that the luxuries are the symbol of slave and are abolished in the Utopia.  With disappointment of the new Utopia and the beguiling of sugar, Mollie finally leaves from the farm.  This incident illustrates that Utopia is not as perfect as it seems, the system of Utopia is not able to please everyone such as Mollie.  Similarly, the cat is not willing to volunteer, ""when there was work to be done the cat cold never be found"".  The cat tries to goldbrick and when she's found she always has excellent excuses because she thinks she's never starved in the Utopia.  Thus, this Utopia, which is in an effort of being perfect, results in the indolence of those like the cat, who never pains but wants to gain.  It's the corruption of the Utopia since either human or animal, has an instinct of selfishness.  In some extent, beings usually may need some impetus to contribute.In Animal Farm, the pigs, who are considered as the cleverest animal in the farm, particularly Napoleon, who represents a totalitarian, has strong leadership, but he goes to depravity because of abusing power.  At the very beginning of the story, Napoleon claims that the animals should not have maintained any habit of human and constitutes Seven Commandments to unify the Animal Form.  However, it doesn't last for a long time, there's some discontent within the farm since the pigs drink milk and eat apple, which other animals can't regale on.  The more ridiculousness is the pigs' chicanery, which they assert ""We are brainworkers.  The whole management and organization of this farm depend on us"".  What they explain seems to drop a hint of their superiority, which is the violation of Utopia, among the animals.  Moreover, they profess that they dislike the milk and apples, as other animals do, but they drink milk and eat apples because they preserve on their health, and ""Milk and apples (this has been proved by Scientist,) contain substance absolutely necessary of well-being to a pig"".  From here, we could have an insight that the pigs like other beings, have instinct of selfishness, and when might is seized in one's hand, the Utopia must go to its perdition, instead of the rebirth of Totalitarianism.  By bloting out the scandal of incident, the pig Squealer, who's the propagator of Napoleon, threatens the other animals with some deceit since Squealer learns the vulnerability of the other animals that they're afraid of the returning of Mr. Jones."
"This novel is a sheer delight! I love the layers here, the story that is simultaneously a fable, a fairy tale, a fantasy, a satire, AND, of course, a stark morality play that denounces the evils of Soviet Communism, which in Orwell's lifetime had sold out the Socialist dream he once embraced and on that foundation of betrayal enslaved an eighth of humankind.Orwell's great joke on the world is a classic for all time. In Animal Farm, the slightly paranoid man who died confident history would vindicate the fears that made him author 1984, gives us a short, rapidly-moving piece about a collection of farm animals who rise up under the inspiration of a Marx-like barnyard prophet, an aged pig named Comrade Napoleon, and overthrow the Czar-esque farmer who has tyrannically ruled over them for decades. The gleeful animals establish a utopian community in which ""all animals are equal"" and ""four legs good, two legs bad."" They allocate resources according to need and divide labor according to ability, and then set about enjoying this casteless paradise. At first things work well, with all beings enjoying fairness and egalitarian ideals in action. The animal join to resist an invasion from humans who try to re-establish the reign of the farmer, and then return to their dream existence among the green pastures and well-tended barnyards.But then, as in real life in this thinly-veiled mirroring of the early USSR, things change. The pigs, kin to the great prophet Comrade Napoleon, begin to emerge as a ruling elite. Even while they still proclaim to live by the ideals of the glorious revolution, these animals centralize authority more and more. There is a power struggle between two pigs, with one, the Stalin -like Comrade Snowball, rising supreme with the aid of the vicious barnyard dogs, who work exclusively for him. ""Comrade Snowball is always right"" becomes one the new phrases under which the animals must live and ""all animals are equal"" is eventually altered to ""all animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.""Before the conclusion of this imaginative masterpiece, the pigs are driving cars, meeting with farmers who live outside the working beasts' paradise, and after their cruel betrayal of the working class (symbolized by a horse named Boxer) the pigs are last seen wearing clothes and WALKING ON TWO LEGS, the final symbol that these one-time idealists have utterly abandoned their revolutionary rhetoric and become tyrants far beyond the scope of the farmer who once ruled the land."
"Through this wonderfully written fable, Orwell argues that even the grandest schemes to overthrow an oppressive regime often results in the creation of something even more tyrannical. Though the story in Animal Farm has a stark resemblance to the Russian Revolution of 1917 - Napoleon is obviously Stalin, Snowball is Trotsky, and the farm under farmer Jones symbolizes the rule of the Czar - Orwell hated the fact that the message of his book was often used for crude anti-communist propaganda, when in fact, it's equally applicable to a number of different regime and governments all over the world.In a farm in England, called the Manor Farm, the animals are instigated by an old and wise pig, old Major, to rebel and overthrow the human masters. Old Major reminds the animals that human beings are the only creatures who consume without producing: they do not produce milk for others, they do not lay eggs, they are not strong enough to pull the plough, or fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet, they control the other animals and make them work to death, don't feed them enough, flog them, and when they are old, slaughter them.The animals manage to drive farmer Jones and his human companions out of the farm, and come up with seven commandments to govern their lives and conduct. Slowly, however, the initial euphoria of freedom dies when one of the leaders of the revolution, Napoleon, a pig, establishes a brutal and suppressive rule with the help of some other loyal pigs and dogs.At Napoleon's behest, the seven commandments are slowly changed (for example, ""No animal shall drink alcohol"" becomes ""No animal shall drink alcohol in excess""; ""No animal shall kill any other animal"" becomes ""No animal shall kill any other animal without cause,"" etc.), and finally, they are replaced with just one commandment: ""All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others."" Napoleon and the other pigs even start walking on their hind legs and carrying whips in their trotter imitating the humans they had dislodged. When the pigs invite humans from the neighboring farm for drinks and a game of cards, the rest of the animals - who are not invited - discover that now they could no longer tell the difference between humans and pigs.They both look exactly the same.The message in this book is as relevant today as it was in the troubled times of 1940s. Everyone should read this book."
"Animal farm follows suit with the rest of George Orwell's books, as a book with a good storyline but a gigantic amount of hidden meanings and symbolism. The plot of the story develops quickly which is a must if the book is to grab your attention and pull you in. The book is a quick read which makes it even better because you can finish it in a day or two at most. However the best part of the story has got to be by far actual plot and how the story takes place. The story begins on a farm called Manor farm where animals are put to work as usual, just like on any other farm. Something however is different on this farm, the animals on this farm catch the wind of rebellion and decide to rise up against their masters. Together they run out the owners and workers of the farm and continually repel attacks by their human owners. They rename the farm Animal Farm hints the name of the book and everything is going smoothly. All the animals are fed and are happy except for a select few. The hunger with these few is not of food but of power and they crave it with a passion. Slowly the pigs begin pulling themselves up the power ladder one step at a time being careful not to offend anyone. However these acts go unnoticed so long that eventually the power hungry pigs are the ones with complete control and begin to rule over the animals just like the humans had, and that's how the book closes with the pigs toasting wine to mankind itself. The vast symbolism and intriguing plot are two reasons why Animal Farm is a superb book that is greatly worth your time. You will root for the animals and hate the pigs and love every minute of it. That is why I am rating this book the highest rating five out of five stars for Animal Farm."
"As allegorical novels go, George Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is one of the best. Animals are the main characters, but they act and think just like human beings. Don't imagine those Disney-type cute little animals. These here are greedy and dangerous - everything to have power and money, just like the human nature.In a farm in England's countryside, pigs defeat human beings and with the help of the other animals develop a virtually perfect farm. Everything they produce is for the own consume. There are no rich animals, no poor animals - they are all equal. It is just like a dream. But this utopia turns out to be a nightmare to the less fortunate who has no strength and power.It is widely known that the writer was inspired by the Russian socialism. There are many direct parallels between characters and events. A pig named Napoleon outs another one named Snowball from the farm and later on uses Snowball in his purges - just like Stalin used Trotsky. And, Napoleon becomes a dictator and Snowball is never heard again.However much Orwell agreed with Marx's Socialism, he didn't agree with the Russian communism in which he saw many similarities to between the communist governments and the previous czarist regimes in old Russia. This view is very clear in his ""Animal Farm"". Not only is Orwell's allegory important to literature, but it was also very important to international politics. Thanks in part to this book, the Westerner world could see and understand the danger of communism.Language and its use play an important role throughout the narrative. The use of formal and accurate language is a tool of domination. The most powerful animals are those most educated who can manipulate the ones who aren't. The governing pigs twist and distort the socialism in order to justify their acts and keep others in the dark. Orwell also dealt with the language and manipulation in his ""1984"".With ""Animal Farm"", George Orwell explores a dream that went wrong in the wrong hands. He shows that even the road to the socialist hell can be paved with good intentions, no matter if those intentions taste like bacon."
"I feel that Animal Farm by George Orwell presents a dynamic representation of Russian society in the years following the Russian Revolution.  Animal Farm presents the problems of Soviet Communism in a metaphor that is easily understood, and engaging to read.  At the outset, the animals follow the wishes of Old Major, a boar, who represents the idea of Karl Marx and Lenin.  He presents his idea for a peaceful society, free of human oppression and harmony for all species.  Old Major dies three days after the meeting and the younger pigs, Snowball, Squealer, and Napoleon all establish ""Animalism"", which is based on the foundations of Old Major's ideas. The pigs assume control of a Democratic Animal Farm; decisions are made based on the wishes of all the animals.  However, over time, a rivalry develops between Napoleon and Snowball, both fighting for control of the Farm.  One day, Snowball gives a passionate speech about his idea to build a windmill for the farm.  However, Napoleon orders nine dogs to attack Snowball, who is chased off of the farm.  Napoleon now declares that only pigs will make the decisions, because it is what is best for the society. Napoleon changes his mind on the windmill, and the animals set to work on the project.  The windmill is destroyed however, during a violent storm.  Napoleon sees his opportunity.  He blames the destruction on a Snowball conspiracy, and now declares that anyone who opposes Napoleon's rule is a traitor.  Napoleon begins acting more and more like a human, sleeping in a bed, drinking alcohol, and trading with other farms.  Old Major's original plan forbids these kinds of actions, but Squealer explains his actions through propaganda.  There is finally a domino effect which leads the animals down the path of the Russian people in the 20th century. I felt this book presented a great metaphor of the Russian Revolution, bringing about sympathy for the animals, who were led down the wrong path.  I felt Napoleon's character was developed well, starting as a believer in the original ideals, to a power hungry dictator.  The animals of the farm also symbolize the population of the Soviet Union, trusting leaders and their decisions.  Orwell presents a depressing outcome, but leaves a sense of hope in the story, trying to prevent history from repeating."
"I found that the book Animal Farm was a bigger ""American Classic "" than I thought it was going to be. The book was written by George Orwell, which in turn was a pen name for the writer Eric Blair. He was born in India but educated and raised as an Englishmen. The book overall was great. It definitely had a good flow to it yet it still kept you on the edge of your seat waiting to read what strange thing happened next. Orwell has a line in the very beginning of the book that is stated by the animals of the farm ""man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He doesn't not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull plough, and he can not run fast enough to catch rabbits, yet he is the lord of all animals"". That line was my immediate realization that the book was going to be at least half way good. The book consists of a large group of farm animals that can apparently talk. They decide to take over the farm on one huge swift operation. After successfully taking over the farm in the very early part of the book, the remainder of the story basically consists of them surviving and getting through life. One flaw that the story does have is the lack in explaining obvious obstacles for animals. Them having total hatred for humans being able to read write and logically hold a farm is a little too much to believe. The entire basis of fact and fiction shouldn't necessarily be thrown together. Having animals speak but at the same time having the rest of the story and its plots completely believable. To me, having animals building a windmill in a story that's supposed to be true is very much out of question. All of this even coming to the animals having a set of seven commandments. 1. Whatever goes upon to legs is an enemy. 2. Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend. 3. No animal shall wear clothes. 4. No animal shall sleep in a bed. 5. No animal shall drink alcohol. 6. No animal shall kill any other animal. 7. All animals are equal. The commandments and multiple other lines being written on the barn of the wall by a set of very intelligent pigs is too much for a serious book. One thing that did make it a well-rounded book is the fact that you could direct this book to many different audiences. It has the appeal to kids with the talking animals and doesn't have extremely hard grammar. On the other hand, it still has the maturity level of an adult. Another flaw about the book is the fact that not much of it changes. The characters (all the animals) tend to do the same stuff over and over again. They wake up and work everyday, and have a big meeting on Sunday where the flag signifying their freedom is raised. Not too much changes besides the obvious small and brief problems. The animals tend to also die off way too much. Animals seemed as though they were unlimited. Overall the book was great. George Orwell is a fantastic writer. I would definitely read his other books. Although a lot could have improved this one, I think overall his book was good."
"Orwell's satire of Soviet Communism and the death of Utopia is one of the standards of political satire of the twentieth century.  The motto that ""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others"" resonates through this story as the major failure of Communism.The story begins on a farm where the animals have had enough of their human owner and stage a revolt.  Initially, all animals are equal, but soon enough, the pigs take control and slowly turn the Farm into a dictatorship, while perverting the original commandments laid down after the Revolution.  Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky and the NKVD are well-represented by various animal characters, as are the show trials and massive state projects undertaken by the Soviets.  Most compelling are the workers, especially the horse Boxer, whose motto, ""I will work harder,"" is a simple mantra of the optimism of the Revolution and the willingness to carry whatever load is asked, for the good of the Farm.  When Boxer is no longer useful, he is ungloriously disposed of, with little regard or thanks for his years of backbreaking labor.The end of the Book is simply Communism as Orwell saw it in his time: a corrupt regime ignoring and robbing its people, while making friends and mixing with those it claimed were the enemy, to the point where it was impossible to tell them apart.Orwell had first-hand experience dealing with the Stalinist brand of communism while he was fighting in Spain, and obviously realized that instead of cultivating a workers' paradise, Communism had spawned a culture of fear and lies.This is a great story written in tragic fashion, all the more sad when you realize that the small farm is a metaphor for millions of people and an entire nation, under the thumb of a merciless and corrupt government."
"I know that this book was written as a satire of communism, and I'm sure that's been drilled into everyone's head a thousand times over. I won't talk about that; instead, I'll talk about what the books means to me. I skirted around reading this book for a while because the subject seemed like something I wouldn't be particularly interested in, but I was wrong.Animal Farm was started on an idea that was planted in the mind of the other animals by an old and respected farm figure -- Old Major. He had a dream that animals would take their place as the true heirs of the land. After Old Major dies, a revolution takes place on the farm, and the animals overthrow the owner, Mr. Jones, and claim the farm as their own.At first, things went as planned. All animals were equal, and many things were done with the good of the animals in mind. Then, the pigs (who were smarter than other animals, naturally) began to slowly warp this dream into something more cruel and deceitful until the animals can hardly distinguish between the pigs and Man.I think this story can apply to any form of government. The pigs kept the other animals in line by telling them what they wanted to hear or using excessive force -- much like many governments in the world today. They twisted and warped the thoughts of the masses, making themselves look more heroic and ""for the masses"". They even had the scapegoat in the form of a banished pig named Snowball on which all their problems were blame. ""Blame Snowball"" seemed to be an underlying motto in the book.The pigs benefited from the prosperity of the farm while it's other inhibitants suffered. Most of the animals were fiercely loyal, and the pigs misused this trust. A great example is Boxer who worked harder than anyone on the farm, and when he was no longer useful to the farm, he was suddenly an expendable asset (and you can imagine what happens from there). And you can see hints of that in any society. I never expected to enjoy this book as much as I did, and it will definitely be a part of my library for years to come."
"This stark satire is brilliantly disguised in the form of a fairy tale with animals who take over a farm by ousting it's original human owner.In this story the animals on a certain farm led by the pigs launch a revolution to take over the farm.After driving out the farmer they set up a republic or a mini-state where they declare the equal rights of all animals and attempt to live in harmony and freedom.After a period of time however it becomes apparent that it is the pigs who are running the show as they are the ones who exercise the power.Like all groups who exercise authority,they the pigs use theirs for their own benefit and convenience-at the expense of others.The pigs even start to take on human traits and habits.After awhile even the other animals cannot tell the difference between the pigs and the humans.It also becomes apparent that the other animals are no better off than they had been under the humans whom they had originally ousted.What originally started out as a revolution for animal rights has become the foundation for the priviliged class of swine or pigs.The more discerning among readers can see quickly that this story is a mirror image of what has happened among some of us humans.A group of people launch a revolution to end oppression and injustice but simply end up replacing one rotten apple for another rotten fruit.What starts out as a fight for the freedom of all ends up being the establishment of a power elite that rules  over others.There are some around the world who could see this story as a description of their country's history or current political situation.This story by George Orwell is usually seen to be a portrait of the Soviet Union,similar in some ways to his other novel 1984.It is easy reading but by no means less profound or less meaningful than other books.What it has to say about the human condition is brutally frank and revealing.Which is the main why I appreciate this story and recommend itespecially to those naive enough to believe that they can go out and save the world.This is not a fairy tale with a happy ending but a grim political satire that is enough to justify a sense of cynicism.There is nothing here to uplift one's spirits."
"This stark satire is brilliantly disguised in the form of a fairy tale with animals who take over a farm by ousting it's original human owner.In this story the animals on a certain farm led by the pigs launch a revolution to take over the farm.After driving out the farmer they set up a republic or a mini-state where they declare the equal rights of all animals and attempt to live in harmony and freedom.After a period of time however it becomes apparent that it is the pigs who are running the show as they are the ones who exercise the power.Like all groups who exercise authority,they the pigs use theirs for their own benefit and convenience-at the expense of others.The pigs even start to take on human traits and habits.After awhile even the other animals cannot tell the difference between the pigs and the humans.It also becomes apparent that the other animals are no better off than they had been under the humans whom they had originally ousted.What originally started out as a revolution for animal rights has become the foundation for the priviliged class of swine or pigs.The more discerning among readers can see quickly that this story is a mirror image of what has happened among some of us humans.A group of people launch a revolution to end oppression and injustice but simply end up replacing one rotten apple for another rotten fruit.What starts out as a fight for the freedom of all ends up being the establishment of a power elite that rules  over others.There are some around the world who could see this story as a description of their country's history or current political situation.This story by George Orwell is usually seen to be a portrait of the Soviet Union,similar in some ways to his other novel 1984.It is easy reading but by no means less profound or less meaningful than other books.What it has to say about the human condition is brutally frank and revealing.Which is the main why I appreciate this story and recommend itespecially to those naive enough to believe that they can go out and save the world.This is not a fairy tale with a happy ending but a grim political satire that is enough to justify a sense of cynicism.There is nothing here to uplift one's spirits."
"George Orwell's `Animal Farm' was among the first writing to appear criticizing Stalin's communist Russia.  The novel is a poignant allegory about what can go wrong when the masses allow themselves to be unquestioningly led by a select few `leaders' who are supposedly acting in their best interests.  The animals launch a revolution and expulse their drunken human master, and then set up their own form of socialist government.  Things soon go wrong, however, when the pigs (who are the intellectual leaders) begin to brainwash and manipulate the other animals.  In time, all of the ideals which the revolution stood for are abandoned, class distinctions arise, and the pigs begin subjugating everyone under their rule just as the farmer did. This book is not an attack against socialism itself, but rather against totalitarianism, whatever form it may take.  Readers (and reviewers) who believe Orwell is attacking not only Stalinist Communism but also capitalism itself are missing the point.  The pigs are portrayed as evil not because they become capitalists (though this is a step in their corruption), but because they assert absolute authority over the rest of the animals.  Their crime lies in allowing special privileges for themselves, creating a system of classes, and abolishing the democratic voting power of the other farm animals.  They are evil not because they open trade with other farmers and take on a capitalist attitude, but because they oppress the other animals in doing so. One of the things which makes this book a classic is that it applies to all systems of government, not just to Soviet Communism.  The propaganda, the dog `police' (equal to the Gestapo or the KGB), the changing of rules to exempt the upper-classes from their crimes--all of these things are dangers in any system of government, and apply to not only 1940's Communist Russia but also Nazi Germany (and many other governments throughout history as well). It is true that the animals' socialist government works for a time, and I suppose this could be an argument that Orwell is actually promoting socialism here.  Well, the reason ""Animalism"" works at first is because each member of the farm does his duty, each contributes to the overall benefit of the community.  In this case, it is a very Utopian socialism which Orwell promotes.  And, if anything, this book shows that human (or animal) nature will not allow such a utopian existence to exist for long.  The animals' government works at first because they govern themselves, and I think this is what Orwell is trying to tell us: any government whose rule is taken out of the hands of the people and placed in the role of a select few is certain to become corrupt and oppressive."
"""And so I understood, more clearly than ever, the negative influence of the Soviet Myth upon the western Socialist movement...it was of the utmost importance to me that people in western Europe should see the Soviet regime for what it really was. Since 1930 I had seen little evidence that the USSR was progressing toward anything that one could truly call socialism...[I am] convinced that the destruction of the Soviet myth was essential if we wanted a revival of the socialist movement."" --George Orwell, from Russel Baker's preface.Upset with what he viewed as Stalin's perverse interpretation of socialism, Orwell wrote this brilliant, allegorical attack on the effects of Soviet socialism (i.e., communism) in the USSR. In fact, Orwell had personally seen and felt its impact during the Spanish Civil War, where he nearly lost his life fighting against the Stalin supported Spanish government.The story is about farm animals who mistreated by the human farmers unite and run the humans off the farm, creating a small seemingly Utopian community where all animals are equal. Unfortunately, as the story unravels trouble befalls the animals as some animals become ""more equal than others.""For students of socialism and Soviet history this is an entertaining and insightful must read. Moreover, its friendly unpretentious language should be a welcomed respite from the boring, often esoteric pages found in history books and scholars' essays.At the same time, even if you have no background in these areas you will nevertheless find that Orwell's message is omnitemporal, applying to all times, and also to all systems of government. It is a frightening and foreboding warning that all people must head: Those who claim to be our leaders, working for our benefit, will in the end have us working for their benefit; with once altruistic motives for assuming leadership turning to absolutism.Animal Farm is a wonderful book for both adults and children, to be read on many levels, and at many points in one's life. Its language is easy, it length short, and therefore gives rise to no excuses why it should not be read.--ross saciuk"
"They had to work hard for their human master, yet were fed badly, treated with indifference, and when were to be slain the moment they become useless as a work unit. This short story about animals trying to prevail over their miserable lives is a reminder to the harsh capitalist society. The people in the bottom, the labor class, are not so well off as their masters. Enjoying their moments in their opera houses, the burgoeis will never understand how hard the life for a proletarian is.According to the introduction, George Orwell, or Eric Blair had started writing this little ""fairy tale while still in the World War, and published it at the end of it, in 1945. At the time the Soviet were praised for their brave confrontations against the Germans, and their communist society seemed to be the most ideal one, indeed. It is surprising that Orwell prophesized the fall of such society in which the government claimed itself to be following Marx's principles, claiming to be communists working for the people. Napoleon took over the farm, chasing away Snowball, as Stalin had banned Trotsky, and then started purge to kill him in Spain. And that was beginning of another hardship.There were many literary movements concerning how manipulated the original principles of Marxism had become, especially during and after the Cold War. But not many had managed to give such insight as George Orwell did in his ""Animal Farmduring his time, on how nations like the Soviet Union or North Korea cannot stand so long. Corruption of Animalism, just as Marxism or Communism, brought once again a farm in which animals are not so happy. What is the difference between Napoleon, and Mr. Jones? Such had been the dilemma that divided many peoples.It is a depressing book, animals not having their share for their hard victory. As we must always, one should wonder about this in relation to our reality. How well will we bring control to the power we gain? How well civilized is our government? Like many questions in life, the longing for a ideal society has not been fulfilled. But we will work harder, in order to achieve it."
"The book Animal Farm by George Orwell is about the life on a farm. The animals and the farm duties are neglected and the animal are fled up with Farmer Jones. lead by a prize pig Major the animals decide to revelt. The  aminals take over the farm and run the farm for thenselves when doing this  they change the name to Animal Farm and then they were completely in  charge. later the story of the animals break the rule and make their own  rules for life on the farm.  This only leads to problems with the different  operation of the farm.This story is told in a simple strahtfoward style.  Also this story is fictitious story that is a fable. This means that is  usually has a moral and animals act like humans. Orwell did a excellent job  of making these animals look like humans. An example of this is how the  dogs still bite and growl and the still support Napoleon's drive for  political power. Another example is how the pigs eat mash and they also  drink whiskey. Also how they walk on two legs by the end of the story. For  me, the moral of this story was reveled in the last lines of the story.  ""Twelve voices were shouting in anger, and they were all alike. No  question, now what had happened to the faces of the pigs. The creature  outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man  again, but already it was imposible to say which was which""(p.p,139).  Also this story has great description that kept the students or readers  interested. This book was very the plot of the story very well. This  happened when the last commandment was written ""But some Animal are  more equal than othes"". This had been proven true when the pigs  rebelled from all other farm commandments and owner. This book seemed to be  very interesting and realist, for this reason I did liked. Even though  these were animals, their actions were  almost just like humans. This story  makes you see that there isn't a perfect society anywhere. However, there  is always someone who tries to prove themselves superior to others by  breaking the rules. This is a excellent book, you should read it. EXCELLENT  BOOK !"
"This book was a good book on communism and dictatorship. It was very easy to understand. If you like farm animals and livestock--you would like this book!  Let me tell you a bit about myself. I am 9. I am a champion speller.  I love farm animals and books. My parents first told me about this book  after I had dessert. It appeared to be a very catchy title. They told me  that it was about pigs ruling a farm. So I decided to get the book. That  was what the book was about. The battle of cowshed explained the  war. The  pigs appeared to be the communists. Snowball probably was a spy. He mixed  the weed with the corn seed. To tell you the the truth, at first (before I  learned the real synopsis) I thought this book would be about this  agricultural book on a bunch of mad pigs. I enjoyed this book because it  was SO EASY. I did NOT need ANY HELP to understand this book (I wish they  had italics!). This book does have some simalarities to Watership Down  (Also an easy book). Whoever is interested in communism, dictatorship etc.  should read this book. Ecspecially Frank Gerald Prost. (I put his middle  name because he LOVES what it means)! Synopsis: This book is about a bunch  of animals who working to build a windmill. They change the name  ""Manor Farm"" into ""Animal Farm."" This is like claiming  new territory. After a while the other farms (George is trying to say  ""Forces."") like Red Lion and Pinchfield have war with Animal Farm  (formerly ""Manor Farm""). After a very long time, the sheep change  the motto ""Two legs good, Four legs better!"" into ""Four legs  good, two legs better!"" Then they practically turn into men!!!!!(in  the Molly, OH! what's her name?! changed the seven commandments). Funny.  Seven instead of ten. I recommend this book to people who like livestock,  are smart, love war, read Watership Down and like revolting books!  I  posess all 5 of those. (I have a mini-chicken farm). I hope anyone who  reads this book enjoys it. PLEASE.BUY IT!!! (I also have an Ant Farm). Come  along comrades and have some fun by reading this book!!!!!! There SHOULD be  a TENTH STAR for THIS book. Long-live Orwell's spirit!! No more communism!  No more pigs. i hate those ugly, mean, nasty pigs, communism pigs!Here  is a poem about communists: Communists are stinky They love to fart! Wait  till you see my sousin Ted He'll beat you up until you're dead! No more  communist pigs and people! We'll have to take them to the steeple! Where  they can die. Horay people!  Copyright 1999 A.D. by WillCircle pie  inc."
"This book was a good book on communism and dictatorship. It was very easy to understand. If you like farm animals and livestock--you would like this book!  Let me tell you a bit about myself. I am 9. I am a champion speller.  I love farm animals and books. My parents first told me about this book  after I had dessert. It appeared to be a very catchy title. They told me  that it was about pigs ruling a farm. So I decided to get the book. That  was what the book was about. The battle of cowshed explained the  war. The  pigs appeared to be the communists. Snowball probably was a spy. He mixed  the weed with the corn seed. To tell you the the truth, at first (before I  learned the real synopsis) I thought this book would be about this  agricultural book on a bunch of mad pigs. I enjoyed this book because it  was SO EASY. I did NOT need ANY HELP to understand this book (I wish they  had italics!). This book does have some simalarities to Watership Down  (Also an easy book). Whoever is interested in communism, dictatorship etc.  should read this book. Ecspecially Frank Gerald Prost. (I put his middle  name because he LOVES what it means)! Synopsis: This book is about a bunch  of animals who working to build a windmill. They change the name  ""Manor Farm"" into ""Animal Farm."" This is like claiming  new territory. After a while the other farms (George is trying to say  ""Forces."") like Red Lion and Pinchfield have war with Animal Farm  (formerly ""Manor Farm""). After a very long time, the sheep change  the motto ""Two legs good, Four legs better!"" into ""Four legs  good, two legs better!"" Then they practically turn into men!!!!!(in  the Molly, OH! what's her name?! changed the seven commandments). Funny.  Seven instead of ten. I recommend this book to people who like livestock,  are smart, love war, read Watership Down and like revolting books!  I  posess all 5 of those. (I have a mini-chicken farm). I hope anyone who  reads this book enjoys it. PLEASE.BUY IT!!! (I also have an Ant Farm). Come  along comrades and have some fun by reading this book!!!!!! There SHOULD be  a TENTH STAR for THIS book. Long-live Orwell's spirit!! No more communism!  No more pigs. i hate those ugly, mean, nasty pigs, communism pigs!Here  is a poem about communists: Communists are stinky They love to fart! Wait  till you see my sousin Ted He'll beat you up until you're dead! No more  communist pigs and people! We'll have to take them to the steeple! Where  they can die. Horay people!  Copyright 1999 A.D. by WillCircle pie  inc."
"""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others,"" is the baffling commandment written on the barn wall at the end of Animal Farm.  It is not understood until the reader has made his or her way through the satire, encountering the feats and challenges of Naploean, Snowball, and the other animals living on the farm.  Animal Farm is a witty, yet critical story of the farm animals on the former Manor Farm, overthrowing the human owner, Mr. Jones.  The old boar, Major, professes that humans are the root of all evil and the animals must rebel and take control of the farm.  His goal is to spread this message to animals everywhere, and eventually animals will take control over humans entirely.  Finding that each event and character relates to an aspect of Russian history, reading Animal Farm became not only an irresistible book to put down, but a continually unfolding story of Russia in its totalitarian state that Orwell, the author, so despised.  The excitement of the rebellion of the animals creates a vivid picture in my mind, as does the animals' confusion of the totalitarianism that begins to form.  As the pigs continue to gain power and the animals continue to be convinced that it is for beneficial reasons, I cringed at their stupidity, which was probably Orwell's intention.  As the story unfolds, it becomes predictable in a good way, as to how the animals will react to Naploean's incessant rise in power. Throughout the novel I found Squealer to be my least favorite character.  Representing the propaganda viewed by the public due of Stalin's (Naploean) orders, Squealer makes speeches to the animals, lying to convince them that Naploean's power- hungry ways will positively affect them.  This becomes very frustrating when the animals continue to believe Squealer's nonsense about things that obviously aren't true.  His way of manipulating the animals is very perplexing and evil, making him my least favorite character, yet most intriguing. Animal Farm is very original in the sense that it is not only an enjoyable, leisurely read on its literal level, but creatively educates readers about Russian history at the same time.  George Orwell cleverly created characters and a whole story about animals on a farm that symbolize figures and aspects of the rise of communism in Russia.  Animal Farm is witty in the sense that these Russian leaders he is critical of represent pigs, and extremely critical of totalitarianism, which Orwell strongly despises. At some points during my reading of Animal Farm, I was confused as to why and how the animals could possibly believe the outrageous lies that Squealer spoke of.  It just didn't seem believable that they would be this gullible.  However, knowing that this novel is a satire, I learned that satires often exaggerate points to make the reader more critical of an aspect of society.  Orwell most likely exaggerated the animals being this gullible and the egregious stories Squealer made up, making me much more critical of totalitarianism. I would definitely recommend this book to all of my friends or anyone wanting a fun read.  I would also recommend it to anyone looking to teach or learn about Russian history. I would love to read other works by George Orwell because he puts aspects of society into a whole new perspective.  Not only does Animal Farm represents aspects of Russian history through animals and their life on a farm, his opinions are very strong, and seem to grow throughout the book.  It would be interesting to see what else he has to say in his other books. The end of Animal Farm is the most clever and witty part of the entire book and leaves the reader laughing and stupefied at the same time.  What I love about the ending is the complete irony it presents. Orwell remarks at the end of Animal Farm that the story ironically ends almost in the same state it began.  The problem at the beginning becomes the problem in the end; it went full circle.  The difference between man and pig is incoherent.  Just read it.  You'll love it."
"Animal Farm is a book that makes you think about what you are reading. I felt claustrophobic when I was reading this book because every time the pigs were acting like hypocrites, the other farm animals would just go with it. The pigs always had Squealer to rely on to convince the other animals who were stupider than the pigs.My favorite character was Benjamin, the donkey. He was my favorite because he just sat back basically and watched everything happen and didn't do anything stupid about it. If he had spoke out and protested against the pigs, he would have been killed. If he tried to keep a rebellion quiet and just talk to the other animals about rebelling, the animals would have been stopped and punished.I liked the book because it showed me a different perspective on communism and how it can come into power. Using animals instead of people was brilliant, I thought, because it's something that not only adults can relate to.I give praise to the author George Orwell because he constructed this masterpiece over fifty years ago and students in schools across the nation are still reading it. The book is still being read and learned from after all these years.I learned from this book about Russian history and how people like Stalin and Trotsky came into power starting a communist reign. I also learned a bit about Orwell and how political he really is.I thought the ending of the book was very good. How the pigs were acting more and more like humans everyday when all they told the animals was to be against humans, because this is why they rebelled in the first place. In the end, the pigs couldn't even tell the difference between the pigs and the humans because they were so alike.I have no questions about the book, and if there are things left unanswered then I think that they were meant to be unanswered by the author. I think if they were answered that it would only detract from the book.I would definitely recommend this book to a friend because it's such an enjoyable quick read. I would like to read 1984 by George Orwell after reading Animal Farm because I enjoyed Animal Farm so much.All in all, Animal Farm was a very enjoyable read and I recommend it to anyone who can obtain the book."
"When reading the title Animal Farm on a blue book that has a picture of a pig and a horse on it, many questions come to mind. After reading the back of the book, which contained the summary, it made things a little clearer and only makes you want to read more. This is exactly what I thought whenthe book was assigned for me to read.Usually books that are chosen for school, I don't really like, or they don't hold my interest very well, however Animal Farm by George Orwell was an exception. Overall I thought the novel was a nice, easy read, that kept me involved and at times left me wanting to read on. The book paralleledRussian history, and told a tale of two pigs that over threw the farmer, and then they took control of the farm. They developed a new source of government called animalism, which was a spin off of communism. The two pigsin charge were Napoleon and Snowball, but symbolically they were Trotsky and Stalin. Throughout the whole course of the book it showed how Napoleon became power hungry and over threw Snowball. It also told of the strugglesand hardships that the animals went through, with their new government and new leaders. The book taught me different lessons about how being power hungry could corrupt one. This lesson was displayed throughout the book, mainly by the character Napoleon. He is a strong leader and wanted everything to be his own way, no one else's. He displays this characteristic about himself by the ejection of his right hand man, Snowball. After Snowball has been removed from the picture, Napoleons power really gets to him. He starts creating all of these crazy work hours, which force the animals to work long, hard hours, with little food. While Napoleon and the other pigs eat feasts and drink beer as much as they please. All of this shows how power can go to a pig's head. The reading of the book Animal Farm, really brought out different emotions in me. There were times when I was reading, that I just felt like yelling at the animals for obeying Napoleon's absurd rules for so long and never questioning it. Then at other times I was proud of all the hard work theanimals did, and how they accomplished all of their goals without the help of humans. When Boxer died, I felt as though I could cry, and I probably would have if I didn't have to stop to tend to something else, which took mymind off of the book for a second. So for anyone who plans on reading the book they should be ready for their emotions to be going in all different directions, because mine certainly did.My favorite character throughout the book was Boxer, the carthorse. Boxer was a strong worker, always willing to do more and wanted what was best for the animals and the farm at all times. Throughout the book he had a motto,""I will work harder"", which eventually evolved to ""I will work harder"" and ""Comrade Napoleon is always right."" Those words that Boxer lived by showed how dedicated he was to the farm and his leader, Napoleon. Up until the very last moment of Boxer's life he was always helping and working his hardest. Another reason he was my favorite character was because his personality was very loveable. Even though he worked from sun-up to sun down, he was stillpleasant and considerate around the animals. Always helping and showing the animals, especially Clover, his tender side. As a whole I thought the book was very well written and think it was a very creative idea that George Orwell came up with. However if there were one thing I could change, it would have to be the ending. I thought that book ended abruptly, almost like it was a cliffhanger at the end of a chapter, leaving you wanting more. The end described how half a dozen farmers and half a dozen pigs were all sitting around a table, drinking beer, and discussing the success of Animal Farm, while little do they know, the animals are right outside listening to them. Although it was a thoughtprovoking ending, it left me unsatisfied and wondering what was to become of the animals, and if there would be another rebellion. If I were George Orwell, I would have had Snowball come back and take over the farm, leaving the reader feeling content about the book and knowing that the animals would have a good life with a worthwhile leader. I would recommend this book to a friend, because it is an easy yet thought provoking read. On the contrary I don't think I would read anything by Orwell again. The reason I feel this is way is because he writes mainly on things that have some sort of political meaning, and the political worlddoesn't interest me. Although if you are a person who really enjoys that particular kind of writing then by all means George Orwell is an author who deserves your time for his books. Now when I go to turn in my copy of Animal Farm, all of curiosity will be cured, all of the unanswered questions will now be answered. The book with the horse and pig on the front now tells a story within itself. After reading and doing my final analyzation on Animal Farm, I don't know if Iwill ever be able to look at a pig the same way again."
"Take the ideas and concepts of totalitarian governments, write a book with farm animals rebelling against their master, and mix in the events of communist countries around and leading up to World War Two.  And the finished product is Animal Farm, the ""fairy story"" by George Orwell.  I had neutral feelings throughout the book except for some important events, such as when Boxer was carried away by the horse slaughterer, and the end scene in the farmhouse.  At these points I was very caught up in the story.  Overall, I did not enjoy reading the book, but I did not mind it.  My favorite character and the one who stood out most to me in the story was Benjamin the donkey.  He was the oldest among the animals and the wisest, except for the pigs and maybe the dogs.  Even though he knew of the dangers and deceptions, he stood by and let them become slaves to the pigs because he believed life would always be bad no matter what any animal did.  Besides these traits, the main one of Benjamin's that I like is that he is the only animal smart enough to see what the pigs and dogs are doing to the animals.  This also leads to what I dislike about the book.  I did not like how all the animals accepted the ideas and rules of the pigs so easily.  This may have been how it was in real life, but I still have a hard time reading the book and watching the characters give up their freedom so willingly.  George Orwell is an excellent writer.  He managed to portray totalitarian rule in a very original way, with animals on a farm acting out the rise of communism in Russia.  He follows actual events well enough that Animal Farm can teach the general history of Russian communism.  I learned about the start of communism, its rise and corruption, and what it came to be.  The ending of the book was very well done; I could not put the book down for the last forty or so pages.  The end scene was especially good.  It left me in thought about communism, society, and man in general.  I thought George Orwell stopped the story at a good point, even though it left me with many questions about the fate of Animal Farm, also known as Manor Farm.  I would recommend the book to a friend because I think everyone should read it once.  The book may be an easy read, but it should be read by all because it has higher level concepts and ideas that make it stand out among others of its kind.  I am also interested in reading other works by this author because Animal Farm had great style and great ideas.  Now that you have learned of George Orwell's great work, it is time for you to witness it for yourself.  I dare you to pick up a copy of Animal Farm and see why it is considered a must read in today's day and age."
"Watch out all you `four-leggers'! Here come the animals of Animal Farm by George Orwell.I can't quite describe how if felt to read Animal Farm. I felt loathing toward the pigs, Napoleon in particular, and deep sympathy for the other animals. Napoleon (and Squealer) took advantage of the power and the trust that everyone, especially Boxer, put into them. It was almost like a movie, when you know something the characters don't, but can't do anything to help them. I found myself telling Boxer to stop working and Clover to realize that the commandments had been changed.Boxer was my favorite character by far. He was old and dedicated, but not the brightest crayon in the box. He represented the stereotypical ""person"" and was very loyal, even if he didn't know whom he was loyal to. Another reason I loved Boxer was because he always did more than his fair share and took the bulk of the work upon himself. Unfortunately, the system got him. No matter how loyal he was, in the end he got sent to the slaughter house/glue factory. That goes to show that there is no pleasing a totalitarian government.Animal Farm was written very well, and wasn't all that difficult to read. To me, it was a new way of reading, because I had never read a political satire before. It was very interesting, and actually kind of fun to try and decipher the parallels it had to the Russian Revolution.By reading the book, I learned a lot about the totalitarian government system as a whole, as well as some of the tactics the used to keep the ""people"" at bay. For example, they used propaganda like blaming everything that went wrong on Snowball, who had been exiled from the farm earlier. I also learned a lot from the prologue and the preface both, so I would advise at least skimming them before reading the book. It tells you a lot about George Orwell as well as the background of the book and the time period.I liked the ending because it was thought provoking. I actually had to read it more than once to get the full meaning of it, but the comparison to men and pigs was very creative.I didn't think any questions were left unanswered, but at first I didn't understand what parallel the windmill was. I also wasn't sure what the two farms represented, although I had a hunch they might be the United States and Germany.To anyone who read and enjoyed Animal Farm, I would recommend Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell as well. Nineteen Eighty-Four, while also about totalitarian government, applies more to today's society than Animal Farm did. Truthfully, it was almost disturbing how perfectly parts of the book describe today's culture, especially Big Brother in terms of the Patriot Act.All in all, when you read Animal Farm, I think you'll have a wild time!"
"Are totalitarian dictators pigs?  George Orwell, the author of Animal Farm, believes they are.  Animal Farm is a satire that attacks totalitarianism and Communism.  The book was brilliantly realized and intelligent.  Orwell made all the right stylistic choices, such as using pigs to represent Stalin and Trotsky, and the simplicity of the story conveyed Orwell's anti-Communist stance well.  The simplicity of the characters prevented one from getting too attached to the characters, but it was necessary since the book is an allegory.  Though most of the characters were stereotypical, I did like several of them and even felt emotion at the death of one.  I liked Benjamin, the quiet cynical one.  I liked it when he said that after the rebellion things shall go on as they always have, ""that is badly.""  I was also sad when Boxer died, because Boxer had pure intentions and innocence, which turned out to help cause his downfall.  It was saddening to see Boxer taken advantage of by Napoleon even though he wanted to do the right thing.  I really disliked Napoleon since he was corrupt and he made all the other animals suffer.  I also felt frustration when the illiterate animals let Napoleon take advantage of them.Overall, the book was quite humorous and enjoyable, but most importantly, the humor had a purpose.  For example, the way that the pigs amended the commandments was rather humorous.  The final line of the book, in which the author comments that the pigs and humans cannot be told apart, was funny and powerful; it made the ultimate insult to Stalin and his followers by saying that they were pigs. I really liked the book, but certain things were ambiguous.  I was confused as to whether the people who were executed had actually committed the crimes they confessed to, and if they had not committed the crimes, then why would they have confessed?  Though certain parts were confusing, I learned about Russian history since all the events were simplified.  I would like to read other books by George Orwell; he is a supremely talented author and social critic.  I would also recommend this book to friends.  So, are totalitarian dictators pigs?  Animal Farm, by George Orwell, certainly makes a compelling case that they are."
"Have you ever read a story about the battle between animals and humans on a man named Mr. Jones' farm? Well me, Mike Kasunic? I have!At the beginning of the novel, I felt excited for the animals because of Old Major's opening speech and the determined revolution that was about to be led.  I felt as though the animals were a minority that needed freedom, just like many ethnic groups throughout the world.  As the story advanced, I started to feel uneasy towards Napoleon and Squealer, his faithful companion.  As soon as rules started changing, I felt sympathy and anxiety for the lesser animals of Animal Farm, for they could not realize what was going on and they were rather helpless.  I think that George Orwell does a great job of twisting your perspective on certain characters and also on basic human emotions, such as fear, greed, or sadness. My favorite character was Clover, because she was an important part in the disbelief of Napoleon's tyrannical statements, which were directed through Squealer of course.  She was also a very caring creature, this was expressed heavily during Boxer's struggle. Clover was the most morally sane character, without her there would be no opposition to Napoleon's scheme.  Even though Boxer had second thoughts, he couldn't allow himself to believe that Napoleon would do any wrong doing to his own ""followers"", the fellow animals. I thought that this book was very easy to follow, which happens to be very pleasant after the allegorical and epic poems we have been studying lately.  The character introduction is wonderful, all the while remaining simple and straightforward.  The only thing I disliked about Animal Farm was partially what made me love it.  Although I loved the simple structure of Animal Farm, sometimes the writing was very bland.  Although it the writing wasn't too interesting at times, the plot moved very fast which kept me very attentive.  I finished the novel in one sitting because of the way it pulls you in. I applaud George Orwell for his courage in writing this novel during times of struggle and danger.  He did a great job of satirizing the totalitarian movement and explained a lot about how the tyranny came into place. After reading through this book, It taught me much more about the totalitarian government and how it came into power.  It also taught me a lot about the use of satires and allegories in stories, which are both present throughout the novel. Although the ending of Animal Farm was predictable if you have any common sense, it was perfectly executed in the sense that it was just a never-ending cycle, the cycle of a revolution.  Even though it was seen coming, the ending was still shocking for me and almost disturbing in a way.  How could somebody live that way?  Apparently greed and power can overcome some people more than others. George Orwell does a concise job with the execution of Animal Farm, leaving me with no confusion.  The book was perfectly thorough while remaining as simple as can be.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend, but it is highly recommended to have some knowledge of 20th century totalitarianism before reading. I am planning on checking out some of George Orwell's books in the near future.  I think he has a great style and purpose with his writing.  Books like Animal Farm and 1984 will never be forgotten, they are classics.  I would enjoy reading more satires about the political struggles of his time. Whether you are interested in reading a book about a band of animals taking over a farm or the satiric totalitarian story that lies beneath the letters, then Animal Farm is for you.  Just about any age group can find enjoyment in this novel, understanding the deeper meaning or not."
"One of the greatest works of literature of all time was definitely Animal Farm.  The use of all the different literary devices from the allegory and satire, to the use of certain names to convey the characters actions was definitely a strong aspect of this story.  My overall feelings while I read the book were mostly a feeling of surprise, as each event would lead up to the next one, never really stopping to give a lot of information on settings, at least not all at once.  They did a great job to diverse the information on the setting, only giving it to you when it was necessary.  The main part of my feelings fell into the book when they talked of the bond between the animals as a whole, each one helping the others to complete the work and almost having the unity that a family would.The characters were the greatest part of the book, though each one was clever in its own way, they all had the same general feel that they each were trying to make you part of the story and trying to teach you exactly what they thought you should.  Of the characters though, the best one was Benjamin.  The smartest of all the animals on the farm, he was the only one that saw what was going on throughout the book, though never told anyone.  Each time a rule was changed, he noticed it.  And when they took Boxer in the glue truck, Benjamin was the first to notice it, and tried to warn him before they took him.  I must definitely give a huge standing ovation to the author, for not only making an interesting book to read, yet equating it to Russia's Communist and Totalitarian government and teaching us of this time period. Though the ending was slightly less catchy than the rest of the book, it was still well thought and showed everything that it was meant to show, the leader of the government taking all the credit and profit for himself, becoming a `Fat Pig'.  There was one thing however, that throughout the book perplexed me to no end.  Benjamin was always out of the way, never really talking to anyone, but had the bond with Boxer.  But though he never talked, and noticed all the changes and the wrong doings on the farm, why did he never speak up?  Even someone that is completely anti-social would have spoken out against the killings of the innocent and the changing of the Seven Commandments. I would definitely recommend this book to most of my friends, though many of them are science fiction people, so they may not read it.  But I would definitely recommend it to them nonetheless.  As for reading other books he has written, almost definitely would, considering that I have already read about four of them.  I love the style of writing he uses and just can't get enough.  And in the words of the `Leader, Comrade Napoleon', ""LONG LIVE ANIMAL FARM!"""
"All world leaders today are pigs. They rule only for themselves, with no thought given to those who elect them. This is probably what Eric Blair, or George Orwell, as he is better known, was thinking when he wrote Animal Farm. And after reading this novel, I too agree with him. During Animal Farm, I was entranced by the creativity of his plot and characters, in relation to the current events of the Russian government at that time. I especially liked reading this book because the book was so full of events happening. Every chapter, in fact, was full of Orwell's interesting plot. When I finished the book, I felt as if I had learned a valuable lesson in life, and that Orwell was definitely knowledgeable in this area. I liked the end of the book, because I think that if this story had actually happened, that would be how it would turn out.  My favorite character was probably Boxer, because I respected how he served the cause he felt was important, all the way to his demise. He would always work as hard as possible, and his motto, ""I will work harder!"" proves it. I think the best part about Animal Farm is how it ran parallel to the events in the Russian government, and especially how Orwell could make them seem like it was a story he had thought up, with the animals being the characters. My praise goes to Orwell for including all the events in Russian history such as the KGB and Trotsky's exile so accurately, and to fit seamlessly into the novel. After reading the book, I came to know of such important events as the rise of Stalin, the Bolshevik Revolution, and the events that took place during Stalin's time of power, such as the numerous executions and exile. A question I had after finishing the book was the whereabouts and the condition of Snowball after his exile. I would without a doubt recommend this book to anyone because of the continuous action, Orwell's amazing creativity, and the depth of the characters contained in the novel. With such an impressive book for his resume, I think it would be safe to say that I would read any of Orwell's other books and be equally entertained by them, as this one has amused me. Animal Farm is by far the best-written satire I have come across, and its simplicity, message, and plot will continue to keep those unfamiliar with George Orwell on their toes, always looking for more."
"I absolutely adored this book.  I loved the character portrayal of historical figures like Josef Stalin and Trotsky.  In this book review I will tell you about my favorite and least favorite characters, what I liked and disliked about the book, how I felt about the author, what I learned from reading the book, what I thought about the ending of the book, and questions that I have about the book.My favorite character, without question, is Boxer.  His gullible personality and work ethic really appealed to me. I enjoyed reading about him waking up earlier and going to bed later than any other animal on the farm.  My least favorite character was Squeeler.  He was deceitful with his untrue speeches.  A henchman is just as bad as a villian.Although there was only bad news for the animals, I really like the whole plot of the story.  It delivered a message to anybody who read the book.  Although I did not like the ending, just because it made me sad, I thought it was important to end as it did with the animals unable to tell the difference between pigs and humans.  It delivered a message that communism can't ever work because power changes anybody who touches it.I appreciated the author's point of view. He had the courage to explain the cons of communism.  It was bold of him to write such a book in the middle of the cold war and the end of World War II.  I don't doubt that it offended more than a few people.I learend from the book that power can change anybody. It totally changed the pigs.  Not only did they revise the seven commandments a few times, but also they changed their titles and made the animals treat pigs better than all the others.A few questions left unanswered for me in the book include:  Did Snowball really knock down the windmill the first time?  Is Snowball really dead? Did the animals really commit the crimes they admitted to? Or did Napoleon tell them to admit these crimes for effect?  I might be reading into the book too much on the last question.I was very skeptical of the ending of the book. I didn't like how Snowball vanished and never came back.  I do feel that there was good purpose for the ending.  It is important for pigs to end up ruling the farm unjustly - just as it was before - otherwise there would be no satire, allegory or theme.I would definitely recommend this book to a friend.  First of all, it is a short book which can be read in 2 hours.  But it is also a good story, delvering a good message.I highly recommend this book. It is a must read for all high school students - teaching readers about greed, power, and change.  If you don't read this book, you are missing out on life and you won't understand the true meaning of comradeship."
"America in 2000-2004 is living out Animal Farm at this very moment. It's all here in this classic from 1945: terrorism, a 9/11, a rebuilding of a WTC-like symbol, a war on terror, an elusive Osama/Saddam evildoer to be hunted down, a Code-Orange-like level of threat alert, an Axis-of-Evil, use of fear and deception to keep the population confused and distracted, rhetoric about freedom and patriotism that somehow never ceases to do the trick, lies and misrepresentations, government by the wealthy elite for the wealthy elite, political spin-meisters, trained political attack dogs, a hard-working but uninformed and easily-misled population, a tax-paying class that does all the work while a political-corporate elite reaps all the rewards, the wholesale selling-out of the hardest-working for the profit of the few, the re-writing of rules and regulations for the blatant benefit of the few, the unfulfilled promise of trade for the benefit of all, the unfulfilled promise of trickle-down economics, the promise of retirement robbed, the trusting, idealistic population that somehow never catches on and never tires of giving their ""heroic"" leader the benefit of the doubt again and again.To view Animal Farm as only being about socialism, communism, and Stalinism in Russia, and thus not applicable to America and capitalism and democracy, would be to miss its message about plutocratic leaders, in any system, blatantly exploiting a trusting, optimistic population's faith in their cherished system and ideals.The same author also has another uncanny book on today's America called Nineteen Eighty-Four. It may well have been the source of inspiration for the naming of such Bush administration programs as ""Homeland Security Department"", ""Clear Skies Initiative"", and ""Healthy Forest Initiative"".Highly recommended, a definite must-read for all Americans."
"Imagine that your animals take over your.  Farm well that what happened in this book called Animal Farm by George Orwell. Everyone willingly try to pitch in a hand but then suddenly you have been told a to do a different job, and if don't do it the king Napolean will send the dogs after you.  That's how it's been ever since the farmer Jones left the farm.  Farmer Jones left big white letters on the side of a barn, and then letters became the animal's new seven commandments.  And there are as follows: all animals are equal.  No animal shall drink alcohol, wear clothes, sleep in a bed, or any animal with four legs or wing is a friend, an animal with two legs is an enemy.  Later on, however the pigs who have styled themselves leaders of the farm.  ""We pigs are brainworkers.  The whole management and organization of the farm depend on us.  Day and night, we are watching over your welfare.  It is for your sake that we drink milk and eat apples."" This was one of the many sayings that Napolean would say.  There is one character that they nickname him the workhorse but his real name is Boxer, having given his all to his comrades.  This book has two points of view.  One person can see it as a fairy tale and another could see it as satire of a society in dictatorship.  In the beginning an old pig named Major tells a story about a life without any humans, a life were animals are equal and ruled themselves.  Major told them about the ""Beast of England""  a patriotic song that stood for animals' freedom.  Later on in the book Major dies, but the words spoken at the rally remain in every animal's head and heart.  As I read this Animal Farm I kept thinking about how familiar the story was and I finally figured it out.  The story is about a group ruled by a more dominant group and so naturally they rebel to make life better for themselves and to have freedom."
"The book Animal Farm has two sides to its story. One person can see it as a fairy tale and another could see it as a satire of a society in dictatorship.  The story begins one day on a farm, called Manor Farm. A old pig named Major tells the animals about a life without humans, a life were animals were equal and ruled themselves. Major told them about the ""Beast of England"", a patriotic song that stood for animals' freedom (animalism). Soon Major dies, but the words spoken at the rally remain in every animal's head and heart.  One day without warning the rebellion begins. All the animals fought Mr. Jones (the owner) and his men. As the animals fought they thought of freedom and before the day was over they had won freedom. Jones and his men had fled. Soon the animals create their own society, with leaders, holidays, and dreams for the future. The two leaders were Snowball and Napoleon. They have a clash of differences and Napoleon, being the more cunning of the two manages to exhale Snowball. As time goes by Jones anf his men attack, to retake the farm, but the animals triumph. Soon the new named ""Animal Farm"" starts to alter. Laws are mysteriously changing, food is getting low and work is rising. It is not very long before the animals notice the change, but they can't express their feelings because now Napoleon and the pigs have to much power and the ferocious dogs Napoleon keeps for protection make sure all the animals remember there place. The pigs start to act like humans, and eventually start to wear clothes, live in the farmhouse, intake alcohol, and even walk upright. One day the owners of neighboring farms come for dinner with the pigs. A heated argument arises and as the other animals watch they can't tell the differance between the pigs and the humans, because the pigs have changed so drastically.  As I read Animal Farm I kept thinking about how familiar the story was and I finally figured it out. The story is about a group ruled by a more dominant group and so naturally they rebel to make life better for themselves and to have freedom. They create their own law, customs, and traditions, but soon their vision of freedom becomes blurred. The pigs say all animals are equal, but the pigs act superior. There are people that will follow anyone in power and thats how the sheep were. They followed the expression, ""If one sheep jumps off a cliff the rest will follow"". All the sheep believed whoever was in charge. There was a lot of propaganda in a way, such as the sheep bleating, ""four legs good, two legs bad"" and then later on, ""four legs good two legs better"". When Napoleon took away Jesse's (the dog) pups and trained them to be his gaurds, that act reminds me of what the government in some countries do when they take away young boys and train them to be soldiers.  I enjoyed the writers style. It was very creative how he tuned a typical new country turns into a fascist country into a story about farm animals. The use of his characters was very funny. The pigs were the bad guys, so you could call them ""fascist pigs"".  The conclusion to this story is not a good one. All the animals intentions were good at first, but soon their leaders greed only makes the new society of animals just as bad as the old society with humans. I also think a moral to this story is the importance of education. Most of the animals were not smart, exept the pigs, so naturally they took advantages over the other animals."
"George Orwell's animal farm is a fantastic book written by such a wonderful author. It is a satire based upon the Russian Revolution, dealing with complex political issues such as communism and corruption. In a relatively short story, Orwell not only mocks and critisises different aspects of the revolution, but also explains many political ethics and principles. He creates many thought provoking ideas through such a simple story of farm animal, such as the fundamentals of the communist movement and of equality.  It is, ideally, the story of a farm of animals who take over from their human master and revolt against humans generally because of the legacy left to them by their fellow 'comrade' Major. They create commandments and have an official song, these ideas described as showing 'Animalism'. The notion of equality is then established with the reader, and from this point Orwell uses very skilled writing to convey various messages. The farm progresses with the pigs becoming the 'natural' leaders. Conflict then arises between two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball. They both believe in the same principles of equality (or so they say) but have very different ideas for the direction of Animal Farm. Napoleon eventually drives Snowball out of the farm, literally, with the help of his dogs/henchman. After the departure of Snowball, a distinct fear and serparation is created between the pids and dogs and the other animals. Their workload is increased and the animals receive less food whilst the pigs give orders and eat food frivilously and take up residence in the Manor House. It is hear where Orwell most effectively conveys his ideas to the reader, in such a simple yet very ironic way. All animals are equal- these are the animals that revolted against humans to create a life for themselves. They are against human principles but they live in a house, sleep in beds, eat at tables, use electricity and consume alcohol. They claim they are in charge for the benefit of everyone but only truly help themsleves. Animal Farm is a great story, an accurate description of the russian revolution told in an objective yet cunning way, especially with the title - Animal Farm: A FAIRY TALE. The author has used wonderful animal characters to imitate their human counterparts, appropriately named and catergorised. The pigs (stereotyped as an animal to be greedy, dirty and cunning) end up taking full charge of Animal Farm, with Napoleon ( no doubt in reference to Napoleon Bonepart) as their bombastic leader. I recommend this book to anyone particularly interested in the contrast of politics with human morals and ethics. It is a wonderful and easy to read text, written in simple english but with an extremely complex and thought provoking messages. Animal Farm- a culmination of wit, irony, sarcasm and sardonicism in a brilliant satire that relates to real life in so many ways, yet it is written about animals."
"DISCLAIMER: If you're looking for some brilliant analysis of Animal Farm  compared to the real world, you're not going to find it here, I'm just  trying to give my opinion, so enjoy!I decided around two days ago that I  was going to triple my reading speed and I bought a book called Triple Your  Reading Speed. First, you must determine your reading speed (or words read  per minute), and then you begin exercise to improve peripheral vision,  speed, and comprehension. Of course this fascinated me, but I never  expected it too work. It did! I only doubled my reading speed, but that's  certainly enough for me! Anyway, after you have completed the course, you  have book-length assignments- famous books that are short but require some  comprehension and understanding of the material to finish it- or at least  understand it. The first book I was required to read was: Animal Farm. I  was curious about it because a lot of people said it was good and it's on a  lot of great books of the 20th century lists. So, I said what the heck,  I'll read it. I gulped in down in about 3 hours, and I loved it! Funny,  cute little story but an excellent message.I don't know much about  Communism, but I was still able to enjoy this book.The name of the book  basically describes the story... a bunch of animals take over a farm and  run it. It's original, and even little children might like to read it just  for the fun little characters and the idea of animals talking. I mean,  Disney puts out hundreds of movies just like this (without the underlying  messages and the satire, of course) and kids love `em! Why not get your 4th  or 5th grade child to read this? It's a funny little story.I must say,  that there is basically one paragraph that makes the entire book  worthwhile, and I'll quote it for you:""Twelve voices were shouting  in anger, and they were all alike. No question, now, what had happened to  the faces of the pigs. The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and  from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible  to say which was which.""Ending this review, I think that is  probably the greatest paragraph of 20th century literature I have ever read  (I haven't read much though...)Read it!A.A."
"This book ""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell is excentlly written.  Not only is well written but it is also fun to read.  The Arthur uses animals instead of human to express what he wants to say.  And that is that dictatorship is inhuman and wrong.  He uses this book to portray communism in the Soviet Union.  The animals in this book are fed up with their human master, Mr. Manor, who mistreats and underfed the animals.  The animals who are told by Old Major, a white boar that he saw in a dream that the animals would revolt and take over the farm.  This prove to be true as the animals did revolt and successfully drive out their human master.  This, the animals rename the farm from ""Manor Farm"" to ""Animal Farm"". However, the animal do not enjoy prosperity as they have hope but actually they would be worst of then with their humen master because Napoleon, one of the boar takes over power and starts a dictatorship.  Animal Farm relates very well to human government.  Such as in Russia and in China.  Where the form of government is communism.  From an outside point of view it is supposedly that all person are equal.  There is no one person richer then the other are more powerful then the other but this is untrue because in these two countries.  The government is ruthless and non tolerant of free speech.  The government is the central and most powerful group in the country.  After reading this book, I found it very enjoyable.  I couldn't put it down after starting to read it because the author uses animals in a way that make them seem human. Not only is the text simple to read and understand but you also get to learn about something.  And that is the government form, communism.  The book slowly shows how ruthless communism can be such as with the animals being slaughter for standing up to Napoleon.  I would rate this book if it was on a scale of one to ten a nine because not only was it enjoyable to read but you actually can learn something from this book and that is that communism is not what it is suppose to be."
"Animal Farm written by George Orwell, this novel talks shows how both power and control corrupt humans. The setup of this novel has to do with animals and which animal leads the rest. Orwell in my opinion chose a pig to represent as the leader or ""top animal"" because of their smartness on the farm, and from what I understood in the novel because of the fact they are what symbolized the starting of communism in Russia. The four main names given throughout the book Old Major (pig) who was the leader of Russia and it's revolution into communism. Boxer a (horse) who always had said ""I will work harder"" found in the beginning of chapter 3 and through the novel. The horse represents the entirety of the Russian people or country. Finally Benjamin a (donkey) who is representable of the more elder Russian citizens, the donkey always had a question about the pigs and what they had been doing or done. I personally had a bit of a tough time getting to know exactly what was happening through this book but understood more as I had went through. This book is in some ways representable of what the now America seems to be with the pigs placing what new laws there mat be or what is going to be done to improve our debts. The horse who is always working as hard as they can to keep what is now afloat and continuously running, Lastly the donkey who doesn't agree at all with what is being done and how things are being run for America. Depending on political views some may not agree. I would overall persuade you into reading this book although boring you may come to understand as you continue to read the novel. George Orwell did a great but very different job in how the novel was executed and written."
"I had to read this book for my classics book club. Short and easy, font and outline flow fast. The story though.... *shudder*! At first is was blatantly obvious that Orwell was writing about Communism and the state of affairs in the Soviet Union. Another reviewer quite well detailed all the characters and who there were in real life including the Union's (the original) five year plan of economics (the windmill) of progress to transform Soviet society. And that it was written in 1945, yeah, it's about the USSR. Beyond that though, when you get into it about half way after they run off one of the main characters (snowball) and the real tyrant takes over (napoleon), you begin to see the parallels to contemporary culture and society. How the animals never seem to figure out what is going on right in front of them. Even when they do stand up, they are punished by death for their crimes and rebellion. Then the propaganda from one of the more intelligent animals leads them to forget and believe they didn't remember things correctly, all in the name of the pigs implementing and fooling the less intelligent animals into their serfdom. I see it as contemporary social and political events that are happening in the U.S. and withing the Republican party. Eventually the other animals aren't able to distinguish the pigs from humans and the cycle has started all over again. Very sad story, but how many people have lived this or are living it right now? The sense of freedom and change that is corrupted, twisted and silenced, which turns right back into the cycle. The oppressed become the oppressor. I would highly recommend this to anyone as a must read and critique of contemporary culture and human behavior."
"This famous book is in fact an allegory about the revolutionary struggles of the common, downtrodden mass against autocracy and dictatorship, spearheaded by a charismatic leader blindly followed and trusted by brainwashed followers. The leader eventually became the very malignant power that he sought to expunge in the first place.Sounds familiar? Witness the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty in China that eventually led to the Mao Tze Tung debacle. Or the dismantling of the Tzars in Russia by Joseph Stalin. ""Napoleon"" was the leader, who happened to be a pig. Colluding with other pigs who were supposedly the smartest of all the animals in the Manor Farm (renamed Animal Farm after the Revolution against the human owner that chased him away), he sought to enjoy the trappings of despotic power under the guise of looking after the best interest of fellow animals. The original Seven Commandments (e.g. All animals are equal, Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy) were re-written to suit the self-serving interest of Napoleon. Sample this classic : ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others"". The pervasive mantra at the farm was ""Napoleon is always right"". That could very well be applicable to Kim Jung Aun or Jim Jones. The animals in the farm toiled under the illusion that they are better off being managed by another animal instead of by a human.In the end, Napoleon and his conniving pigs walked on two legs, and started colluding with other human farmers to continue fleecing his fellow animals and subjecting them to deprivation. Pig has become human. The Animalism ideal in the book is a fitting metaphor for Communism."
"I recently finished the novel Animal Farm. I really enjoyed the novel. The novel really didn't have any boring chapters because in each one, something different would happen. Right from the beginning, the novel started out very exciting and fast when the animals overthrew Mr. Jones and kicked him out of the farm. In each chapter, the pigs would do something more cruel to the other animals until they had basically taken over the farm.I really enjoyed how the novel was told through an animals perspective. Eventhough the novel was written in the 3rd person view, I really enjoyed seeing what the animals went through on a day to day basis. I liked reading about how the pigs slowly to control of the animals, and turned the farm into it's original state where they were slaves and not free.I also liked to see what the pigs would do next. In every chapter, the pigs would do something cruel or mean to the other animals so they could get complete control over the farm. The pigs were completely corrupt and controlled by the power they possessed over the other animals. Throughout the novel, the pigs started doing things more and more like the humans did. Until in the end, the animals couldn't even tell the difference between the pigs and the humans. The pigs were very violent with the other animals when they would do something wrong or against the pigs. Every animal that would betray the pigs was slaughtered by Napoleon's vicious dogs that he had trained to kill.I highly recommend this book to other readers. It contains suspense, action, and drama. There is no part in the novel where you will be bored out of your mind. I think anybody over the age of 13 could enjoy this book."
"This book was a good book on communism and dictatorship. It was very easy to understand. If you like farm animals and livestock--you would like this book!  Let me tell you a bit about myself. I am 9. I am a champion speller.  I love farm animals and books. My parents first told me about this book  after I had dessert. It appeared to be a very catchy title. They told me  that it was about pigs ruling a farm. So I decided to get the book. That  was what the book was about. The battle of cowshed explained the  war. The  pigs appeared to be the communists. Snowball probably was a spy. He mixed  the weed with the corn seed. To tell you the the truth, at first (before I  learned the real synopsis) I thought this book would be about this  agricultural book on a bunch of mad pigs. I enjoyed this book because it  was SO EASY. I did NOT need ANY HELP understand this book (I wish they had  italics!). This book does have some simalarities to Watership Down (Also an  easy book). Whoever is interested in communism, dictatorship etc. should  read this book. Ecspecially Frank Gerald Prost. (I put his middle name  because he LOVES what it means)! Synopsis: This book is about a bunch of  animals who working to build a windmill. They change the name ""Manor  Farm"" into ""Animal Farm."" This is like claiming new  territory. After a while the other farms (George is trying to say  ""Forces."") like Red Lion and Pinchfield have war with Animal Farm  (formerly ""Manor Farm""). After a very long time, the sheep change  the motto ""Two legs good, Four legs better!"" into ""Four legs  good, two legs better!"" Then they practically turn into men!!!!!(in  the Molly, OH! what's her name?! changed the seven commandments). Funny.  Seven instead of ten. I recommend this book to people who like livestock,  are smart, love war, read Watership Down and like revolting books!  I  posess all 5 of those. (I have a mini-chicken farm). I hope anyone who  reads this book enjoys it. PLEASE.BUY IT!!! (I also have an Ant Farm). Come  along comrades and have some fun by reading this book!!!!!! There SHOULD be  a TENTH STAR for THIS book. Long-live Orwell's spirit!! No more communism!  No more pigs. i hate those ugly, mean, nasty pigs, communism pigs!Here  is a poem about communists: Communists are stinky They love to fart! Wait  till you see my sousin Ted He'll beat you up until you're dead! No more  communist pigs and people! We'll have to take them to the steeple! Where  they can die. Horay people!  Copyright 1999 A.D. by WillCircle pie  inc."
"This book was a good book on communism and dictatorship. It was very easy to understand. If you like farm animals and livestock--you would like this book!  Let me tell you a bit about myself. I am 9. I am a champion speller.  I love farm animals and books. My parents first told me about this book  after I had dessert. It appeared to be a very catchy title. They told me  that it was about pigs ruling a farm. So I decided to get the book. That  was what the book was about. The battle of cowshed explained the  war. The  pigs appeared to be the communists. Snowball probably was a spy. He mixed  the weed with the corn seed. To tell you the the truth, at first (before I  learned the real synopsis) I thought this book would be about this  agricultural book on a bunch of mad pigs. I enjoyed this book because it  was SO EASY. I did NOT need ANY HELP understand this book (I wish they had  italics!). This book does have some simalarities to Watership Down (Also an  easy book). Whoever is interested in communism, dictatorship etc. should  read this book. Ecspecially Frank Gerald Prost. (I put his middle name  because he LOVES what it means)! Synopsis: This book is about a bunch of  animals who working to build a windmill. They change the name ""Manor  Farm"" into ""Animal Farm."" This is like claiming new  territory. After a while the other farms (George is trying to say  ""Forces."") like Red Lion and Pinchfield have war with Animal Farm  (formerly ""Manor Farm""). After a very long time, the sheep change  the motto ""Two legs good, Four legs better!"" into ""Four legs  good, two legs better!"" Then they practically turn into men!!!!!(in  the Molly, OH! what's her name?! changed the seven commandments). Funny.  Seven instead of ten. I recommend this book to people who like livestock,  are smart, love war, read Watership Down and like revolting books!  I  posess all 5 of those. (I have a mini-chicken farm). I hope anyone who  reads this book enjoys it. PLEASE.BUY IT!!! (I also have an Ant Farm). Come  along comrades and have some fun by reading this book!!!!!! There SHOULD be  a TENTH STAR for THIS book. Long-live Orwell's spirit!! No more communism!  No more pigs. i hate those ugly, mean, nasty pigs, communism pigs!Here  is a poem about communists: Communists are stinky They love to fart! Wait  till you see my sousin Ted He'll beat you up until you're dead! No more  communist pigs and people! We'll have to take them to the steeple! Where  they can die. Horay people!  Copyright 1999 A.D. by WillCircle pie  inc."
"Animal Farm is a provocative satiric fable which I thoroughly enjoyed. It is concisely written and vividly describes the struggle of the animals on Animal Farm. It certainly lives up to its reputation of being one of the best-selling novels of the twentieth century. On Manor Farm in England, the miserable animals decided that they had enough from the cruelty of Farmer Jones. The ideals of the Old Major, an elderly boar on the brink of death, filled the animals with noble inspirations. The animals envisioned a paradise where liberty, equality and fraternity would prevail. Working together under the guidance of the ""intelligent"" pigs, they drove away the humans. Animal Farm was established. All seemed well enough as the animals fought bravely at the Battle of Cowshed against Jones's counter-attack, as they toiled on in the fields and as they sang ""The Beasts of England"" with gusto. However, the scenic atmosphere was soon overshadowed by a veil of uncertainty and fear. The pigs, led by Napoleon, became more and more pig-headed. As these pigs milled down the fundamentals of Animalism - the 7 Commandments - life for the rest of the animals grew steadily harsher. Disagreement was never voiced and those who tried were exterminated. Others were cooed into dormancy by the brainwashing of Squealer the pig. The Old Major's principles faded into distance and when Napoleon & Co. committed the ultimate crime the animals woke up only to find the catastrophe irreversible.Beneath the surface of the light hearted ""fairy tale"" lies an allegorical political satire. Orwell is highly critical of the Stalinist regime and its version of Socialism. He reveals the evils and despair of Stalinist Russia at a time (mid-1940's) when very little was know of the regime. Orwell explains the true ideals of communism and denounces Stalin for his betrayal of the Russian people, who had placed their faith and future in his hands. We are warned by Orwell the perils we dive into if we allow a tyrant to rule and our minds to drown in propaganda. He spells out the dangers that can strike our very own society.The characters in the novel are ""morphed"" famous or notorious political figures of the historical period. Napoleon, the pig leader, portrays the role of Stalin - the name gives rise to excellent connotations. Other personalities you will meet include the Czar, Churchill, Roosevelt, Frederick III and even Goebbels with his long snout. Other animals are made to represent a collective group of the population.Orwell rewrites Russian history in a ""reader friendly"" manner. He expresses his opinion with precision and clarity. It is a perfectly readable novel which at the same time delivers a strong message. Animal Farm is an intelligent book that provides insight into politics for beginners . Plenty of reading between the lines is required to capture the inner essence. It is a must for anyone who considers himself educated."
"Nice portrait of how a dictatorship begins. In this book besides being cleverly written, you can also learn how the mind of a few works. It doesn't matter it's background, race and religion; not everybody it is capable of having a position of power."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is a wonderfully written book. Hey, what book by George Orwell isn't good?The book takes place on an English Farm called Manor Farm which is owned by Mr. Jones.  Mr. Jones is a very bad  farmer who neglects the animals.  He gets drunk almost everyday and doesn't  feed the animals.  One day, after years of mistretament, one of the animals  gives a compelling speech to rebel against Mr. Jones and to take over the  farm.  Inspired by the speech, all the animals on the farm make a plan and  carry it out.  They are successful and take over the farm.The plot of  the story takes the reader through the trials and tribulations of what the  animals do to keep the farm going and to stay alive.At first the farm  is successful and all the anaimals are happy.  But the choosen leader of  the farm, a pig named Napolean, gets power hungry and does what's best for  him and his fellow pigs and doesn't care for the other animals on the farm.  Napolean starts acting like a communist leader and wants all the other  animals to be scared of him and to be loyal to his regime.As time goes  by, Napolean starts acting like a human.  He starts sleeping on the bed in  the farm house, starts to drink alcohol and plays poker.  These are things  the animals promised not to do.  Eventually, Napolean becomes a leader who  is even worse than Mr. Jones ever was.This is a very good book with a  great plot and compelling conclusion.  This is a very book which anyone can  read and enjoy.  The plot of the book is great with new surprising story  lines rising every chapter.  This book keeps the reader intrigued and the  book is very suspenseful.  I recommend that you read this book."
"When I first started the book, I was required to read in eighth grade. Then I reread it in ninth grade. When I first read it, I didn't think it was that good. Because I didn't totally get it, so I read it again. And I like it.This book is basically about the things that happened on a farm. The animals got rid of Mr. Jones and was expecting a free life. It was getting better at first, but things got change at last. Napoleon, the pig who took charge in the whole farm at last, became more and more autocratic. and finally became even worse than Mr. Jones, and turned into dictator, who used his tyranny to control almost everything on the farm.This book was an allegory, which is about the Russian Revolution. From this book, I learned that when people actually have too much power, they can become a dictator. It is not hard to be a dictator when you can take control of everything. The first reason I like this book is because that through the whole book , you will learn different things about the human society. And after you finish it,  I bet you will see the human society that we live in more clearly and have you own opinion about it. The second reason I like this book is because that even though it tells you some true and deep things about the society, it is not boring at all. Trust me, it is not like those kind of philosophic book which you read and read and read, then you are on page five. The way it teaches and tells you things is through a special and interesting story.In summary, I think this book is an interesting book with deep thoughts in it. It can make you form your own opinion. I strongly recommend this book to the people in my age. It is a great book for teenagers like me to read."
"Author  George Orwell (1903- 1950), one of the great minds in Western Civilization,  wantedto expose mankind to the dangers  of Utopian Dreamers.  The story is simple enough in its basics.  Drunken Farmer Jones is OUT, and the  Idealistic Farm Animals are IN.  Injustice is to be expunged,  and Order and Harmony restored  in a democratic environment  where  the Lion lays down with the Lamb.  Suffice it to say,  as Scottish Poet Robert Burns indicated;""The best-laid schemes o' mice an 'men Gang aft agley,...etc.""[see ""To A Mouse, On Turning Her Up In Her Nest With The Plough""  1785]  One of the  most powerfully told stories, the brief  tale  is about  a host of farm animals who are enslaved  by  Propaganda-Spewing Hogs,  whose  Self-Centered Hypocrisy and  Brainwashing Sloganeering  enable them to destroy the lives of all the other farm animals by exploiting their labor and their naive and idealistic minds.The book tells the tale of what happens  when ""people""  do not learn to think for themselves, and who permit themselves to be intimidated by tyrants.  But why buy  this 50th Anniversary Edition?  The Illustrations are magnificent.These powerful graphics are  the work of Ralph Steadman, who has won international awards.Children will especially find that this edition enhances their appreciation of this story.  Also, this 50th Anniversary Edition,  a hardback,  contains George Orwell's unpublished PREFACE to the original  edition, and also his Preface to the 1947 Ukrainian Edition..  The essential characters  are as follows:  (a)  The drunken Farmer Jones and his wife.  (b) ""Major"" the wise old White  Hog who shares his revelationand wisdom with the gathered farm animals. You may recall that the movie  ""Babe"" about the sheepherding pig?""Babe"" was a White also, so that gives some idea of the breed of Whites and what they look like.  (c) Two other pigs,  Napolean and Snowball, manage to acquire control of the animals  by theirgood intentions, cunning,  and  impassioned rhetorics.  (d) Boxer is the large workhorse  who supplies the muscle in the farm's reconstruction projects  for a Utopian existence of Fodder,  Freedom, and  Frolic.  (e) Benjamin is a cynical, yet wise  old Donkey who is Boxer's friend and companion.  There is a host of minor characters to fill out the story.  .  There are two movies made from the story, but both (1954 and 1999) differ from the original story, so I cannot recommend those.  The book is full of its  dramatic  contemplations of fate,  moments of terror, and  open battles  from factions representing both Good and Evil..  This is one of the Must-Read  storybooks in Western Civilization.."
"In a previous - not up to snuff - review I stated that this book is a classic. My interpretation of a classic is a book that is relevant for all times. Such is the case of Animal Farm. Originally written as a criticism of Totalitarian oppression of the people it serves today as a window into the machinations of politics in the Oligarchy that is America.Napoleon the Pig represent the oppressive power of the Corporatocracy that is America. Were I to give him a name it would be something ending in Koch.Every oppressive system has to have its Minister of Propaganda. Hitler had Goebbels and Napoleon had Squealer. If I were to place a name tag on our Squealer it would end in Murdock.As in Animal Farm the workers were oppressed and subjected to the whims of those in charge. Today it is the middle class not the peasants  that are being set upon. The grand old worker, the horse named Boxer upon who's back all that was accomplished or attempted to be done, rested. Boxer and his companion Clover it was said 'never lost heart' - kinda kin to 'hope springs eternal'. They worked for the improvement of the Farm. They worked to make things better. They worked.Finally when Boxer could work no more and needed medical help - help came. The story was that he would be taken care of and return to live out his remaining days. The facts were much different. He was no longer useful, was simply no longer an asset. Boxer went away to a 'hospital' to be come glue and whatever else they make of horse flesh.Clover and Boxer are, for me, representatives of the middle class. The Pigs use them and work them and take the profits from those labors and grow fat and rich.Social Welfare Programs for the poor and elderly have become liabilities to the Pigs....they want more. They are going to work, work, work the life out of those who will work. Like the sheep, they will be fleeced of every thing.Amazon - you wanted a review. Here tis. Our Animal Farm is not so different from that of Orwell. Just has more pigs walking up right on their hind trotters - anyone smell bacon?"
"The story of ""Animal Farm"" is set on Manor Farm, where the animals are badly treated by their cruel and incompetent owner Mr Jones. A spirit of revolt grows among the animals, inspired by Major, the old boar, who develops a philosophy known as ""Animalism"", which urges animals to revolt against their human masters, to take control of the agricultural system and to run it in their own interests. After Major's death the animals seize their chance to rebel against Jones and succeed in ousting him and taking control of the farm, which they rename Animal Farm. The leading role is taken by the pigs, portrayed as the most intelligent of the animals, and after the success of the  revolution a power-struggle breaks out between two of their number, Napoleon and Snowball. With the aid of a trained pack of dogs, Napoleon banishes Snowball from the farm and makes himself a barnyard dictator. From then on, the farm is run in the interests of Napoleon and the pigs. One by one, the principles of Animalism are abandoned and the other animals are treated as badly by the pigs as they were by Jones.Orwell intended the book as a satirical allegory of the Russian Revolution and of the way in which Communism had developed in the Soviet Union under Stalin. Major personifies Marx, Snowball Trotsky, Napoleon Stalin and Jones the Tsar. Other animals on the farm stand not for individual historical figures but for types- for example the simple-minded but strong and good-hearted horse Boxer stands for that section of the Soviet working class which continued to support Communism wholeheartedly even during the Stalinist era. The dogs represent the security apparatus of the Red Army and NKVD, the pig Squealer the propaganda system, the mare Mollie who deserts Animal Farm the Russian migr community, and so on. The allegory is somewhat simplified- there is, for example, no character precisely equivalent to Lenin- but most of the main developments in Soviet history have their equivalents in the book- the revolution, the Stalin-Trotsky split, the Five Year Plans (symbolised by the building of a windmill), the purges, the Nazi-Soviet Pact and the German invasion of 1941.Orwell wrote the book in the winter of 1943/44, at the height of the Second World War. To criticise Russia in Britain at this point in history took courage, as there was a consensus on both Left and Right of the political spectrum that Stalin was our gallant ally; many on the Left  still clung to the illusion that the Soviet Union was a utopian workers' paradise, while the Right regarded criticism of a British ally during wartime as unpatriotic. Orwell himself was politically on the Left, but he had become disillusioned not only with Stalinism but also with what he called ""violent conspiratorial revolution, led by unconsciously power-hungry people""; such a revolution could only lead to the people exchanging one despotism for another.Orwell not only satirised the history of the Soviet Union up to 1943, he also used the book in order to predict the way in which the Soviet system might develop in future. He correctly predicted that the Soviets would defeat Nazi Germany (represented by the vicious farmer Frederick). The book ends with the pigs becoming indistinguishable from the humans who still run the other farms in the district; this can be taken as a prediction that Stalinist Communism would inevitably end by reverting to a capitalist system indistinguishable from that prevailing in the West. When he wrote ""1984"" a few years later, however, he seems to have changed this view, because the system over which Big Brother presides is not capitalism but what Orwell called ""Oligarchical Collectivism"". Although Orwell continued to believe in democratic Socialism, it seems that by the time ""1984""was published he no longer believed that Socialism and democracy were indivisible, but rather that it was possible to sustain a totalitarian system in which property would nominally be owned collectively but would be controlled in the interests of an elite group of Party leaders.A few years after Orwell's death, ""Animal Farm"" was made into a cartoon. Although the film was a success, it was criticised for reversing Orwell's ending by having the other animals rise up against their pig masters. During the Cold War, an implied prediction that Soviet Communism would ultimately be overthrown was obviously a popular message in the West. So who was right, Orwell or the film-makers? In a way, both were. As far as post-Stalin Russia was concerned, the film-makers appear to have got it right. The Soviet Union and its satellites never re-introduced Western-style capitalism, but remained collectivist oligarchies until the system collapsed in the late eighties and early nineties. As for the other Communist superpower, however, Orwell's prediction was spot-on, even though Mao's regime did not exist when ""Animal Farm"" was written. In recent years China has transformed itself from a Marxist dictatorship into a capitalist one without a revolution or even a change in the name of the ruling party.Orwell himself described the book as ""a fairy story"". It is very brief, a novella rather than a novel, and is told in a deceptively simple style. It can, in fact, be enjoyed by children who know little or nothing about Russian history, but it is clearly more than a children's story about animals. It is, in fact, in my view, the most devastating piece of political satire in twentieth-century English literature. By showing that even the most brutal dictatorships have something ridiculous about their pretensions, Orwell did for Stalin what Charlie Chaplin did for Hitler. Since ""Animal Farm"" it has no longer been possible to see Stalin as a heroic revolutionary leader, or even as a grandiose figure of heroic evil, like Milton's Satan. He was simply the biggest pig in the barnyard."
"I read ANIMAL FARM on my own in 8th grade, and was quite fascinated by it.  Then I was assigned to read it in 9th grade and got a D on the final exam.  (I can still remember my teacher reading my score out loud in front of the class and saying ""Try studying friend."")  The problem was that our teacher wanted to present it as an allegorical account of the Russian Revolution and I didn't want to see it that way.Okay, I probably deserved the D (and maybe the public humiliation) for deciding that my take on the book was more important than my teacher's agenda, and I'm forced to concede that Orwell DID use the Russian Revolution as the basis of the novel.But I STILL feel that ANIMAL FARM shouldn't be interpreted SOLELY in reference to the Russian Revolution.  Yes, it's an allegory.  It isn't just a story of a group of animals who take over a farm, then find that the pigs are worse masters than the humans were.  But it's not just about one particular revolution that went awry.  It's about ANY attempt to overthrow tyranny that goes wrong because its leaders really want to establish their own tyranny.At a more general level, it's about ANY idealistic movement that goes wrong because some group of people within the movement really want to achieve their own self-serving goals.  And it's about how ANY ideal can be twisted and corrupted.  The famous statement that ""all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others,"" probably sounds a lot like some type of policy that a lot of you have had to live under at some time or another.But ANIMAL FARM is also about the Russian Revolution.  So, if you find yourself studying it under a teacher who feels that all students are equal, but that students who see it her way are more equal than others, try and see it her way and don't get yourself a D."
"I plan on never reading Animal Farm again. So why did I give it five stars? Well, the art of writing has more than the purpose of entertaining and captivating the interest of the reader. It can also make a point--hold up a moral truth, show the consequences of a good or bad decision or illuminate a certain aspect of life--the good, the bad and the ugly. Unfortuanetly, 'morality tales' don't always make for very pleasant and enjoyable readings even though they have their purposes.Animal Farm starts out okay but quickly becomes an unpleasant and depressing book to read. Three chapters and it was not looking good. Eight chapters and I had a good guess at where it was headed. I kept hoping for the classic 'happily ever after' ending where the farm animals overthrow the pigs and dogs and life goes back to normal. Alas no.However, this book does a great job in outlining the steps towards totalitarianism and makes a point about the tactics of communists; how they...1. Make a set of rules for the lower class but are exempt from them since they are the elite.2. Use the means of coercion to crush dissenting voices.3. Take children away from their parents to indoctrinate them at an early age.4. Tell lie after lie to manipulate the lower class.And what better animal to represent the communistic elitists than the pig--just about the only animal on the farm who gets fatter and fatter and does no work?That being said, I have no desire to read it again. Once is enough. But it upholds a moral truth and that's what makes it a great book."
"A quick glance at the title, cover and general thickness (or lack thereof) of this novel may suggest this to be little more than a young reader's book abouty animals on a farm. Any of you people remember the old saying ""don't judge a book by its cover?"" Far from that initial impression, Animal Farm is, in fact, a very intelligently written social commentary, one which may actually even surpass Orwell's other socially aware novel, 1984.Without revealing too much, the story is set on a farm in England. The animals there, inspired by an aging pig, carry out a revolution to oust the cruel human owners and claim the farm, as well as their independence. They immediatly set down laws, mostly discussing the equality of the animals and forbidding certain acts which may lead to human like behavior, and beging to run the farm for themselves. I won't go on, but rest assured, this is not a novel about the peaceful farming lives the animals lead.As I stated before, I found this to be even better as a social commentary than 1984. The unusual premise, which uses humans only when absolutly necessary, and more interesting characters give this book a much broader appeal than 1984. Like that other book, though, there is a very important lesson to be learned from this. I personally was somewhat reminded of the United States' history, how originally it was supposed to be a nation of freedom and equality, and how we wound up using other humans as slave labor.Anyway, this is an excellent book, and I wholeheartedly reccomend it to any and all readers. In fact, I would label this as essential."
"Those that wish to control society have learned more from such works as ""Animal Farm"" and ""1984"" ""Brave new World"" than the societies that their respective authors wished to protect.  Sad and ironic."
"I love this book!!!!!(age nine) It is a book that tells people that animals are superior too. We are the ones that destroy the Earth. We cannot run as fast as most animals. We need help from those animals out there!! That's why God put them here!!! This book also was a retelling of communism and dictatorship. It's a very imaginative way of telling the story!!  Poor Old Major dies in the begginning of the story. He was pretty old, though! After that, the animals are told of the wonderful Sugarcandy Mountain, which kind of explains the peace.  A while later, the animals decide to build a windmill. Snowball has revenge, and knocks it down. This explains how the war starts (He did this because of the dogs). Snowball then mixes weeds with the corn seed, and then the crops go bad.  The battle of cowshed is a horrible part. Lots of creatures die.  A long time after that, the pigs and sheep change the motto of ""Two legs good, four legs better!"" into 'Four legs good, two legs better!'And then the pigs practically turn into men. I have learned a lot from this short book, it taught me a lesson. 'Two legs good, four legs a lot better!'  Anyone interested in that kind of stuff should have this book!! It's one of the best!!!! I am very strong and have the ability to run on four legs. I know it's hard to believe that I am 9, but it's 100% true.(I swear!)  This book was so easy to read and understand!!! I'm sure when I get older I will have no problem wrting a report on this book!!!!!!!!!!!  I am also a big farm animal-lover. I think there should be a sixth star for this book!"
The addition of Ralph Steadman's artwork added a new depth to this classic story. This is a beautifully illustrated edition I would highly recommend for fans of the origianl story as well as those who have never read it before.
"George Orwell is a compelling author who write work that tells us much about the human condition.  For his novel '1984,' Orwell envisioned a future where a government structure has almost complete control over the saturation and consumption of it's people, causing them to belive all manner of nonsense.  In 'Animal Farm,' he takes his concept of human beings and government and turns it into a somewhat chilling satire on society.  On Mr Jone's farm, a dying pig expresses her feelings about the thought that animals should unite for the common good, and go against the slavery of their human oppressors and develop a collective for equality among animals.  AFter staging a rebellion against their owner, the animals take over Manor Farm, and rename it Animal Farm.  Under the leadership of Snowball and Napoleon, two pigs who took the old sows words to heart, a chain of commandments and other ideas are put forth.  However, this newfound style of government soon gives way to corruption and deceit, which is soon mirrored in sudden changes to policy, conspiracy theories, and more.  Orwell has done such a great job of crafting a simple yet short story, that you find yourself double-checking what the policy for Animal Farm truly is a story that shows what happens when a government becomes corrupt and forces in power can take over the citizenry, preying on those of weaker intelligence and making a mockery of the very ideals they strove for. But then again, ORwell is bringing up a reasonable point: Man cannot hold to his ideals. Not to his own, and not to his Creators."
I read this book every year with my freshmen and they always get into it. It's simple enough to understand but sophisticated enough to really make them think. A great way to start discussions about power and truth and society.
"This short book gives an insightful look into the harsh realities of communism through the entertaining metaphorical use of farm animals. This classic still has political relevance today, despite the lack of a Soviet power."
"Animal farm is a good book with a lot of action. It is a book everyone should read at least once in their life because not only is it an exciting book it has a lot of things you can learn from it. The book is based on the Russian government and the ruthless dictator Stalin who is portrayed as a pig in the story.  The story gives you a lot of historical information you might not know. For example in Russian History Stalin had a band of secret police that did his ""dirty work"". In the book Napoleon (pig who portrays Stalin) takes puppies away from their mother and later on in the book He brings them out to chase Snowball off of the Farm. These including many more historical facts are within the book. The book is not just about animals that take over a farm. The real point behind the book is to show how ridiculous the Russian government use to be.  This book is one of my favorite books because it really never slows down. It starts with action and ends with action.  The author also writes so that you can kind of imagine in your head what the farm was like when the animals took over. Also it is an easy book to understand. There is not one moment through out the book were you are lost or confused. It also shows that power corrupts and that it can change everything. The animals may have wanted to get away from Mr. Jones ways but what happened was they ended up just where they started with the abuse and excessive work. I highly recommend the book not only is it not confusing, fun to read, and funny at points it is also a fun way to learn history."
"Animal Farm, by George Orwell, tells a story of the once peaceful Manor Farm. The animals decide to overthrow humans, and take on the job of supporting themselves by themselves.  Day by day, the social imbalances start to emerge, such as the pigs determining themselves as the thinkers of the society; therefore they should get more priorities.  The revolution was created to change society to where all animals are equal, but through the seven commandments, Napoleon, the leader boar, takes absolute power over the animal society.This story explains the Russian revolution in average English, where almost anyone can read it to understand the story, but there are many real meanings to it.  Each animal represents a character in a revolution; such as Squealer representing the one who gets to a high status buy simply obeying the stronger side.  Slowly it explains how their so-called equality becomes hard solid dictatorship.  This idea of communism is easier said than done, as this book implies, since at the end, there will be someone who stands up to be a leader.There are many reasons that I recommend this book, but mainly because it compares real life to a fiction in a perfect way.  Also as some minor positives, the book is short, very short so you wont be looking at a half ton book thinking do I want to read this? for slow readers like myself.  Lastly, as I stated above, this book is written in not very complicated English, so almost everyone can read it.  On the five star scale, this book is definitely a five star, so read it!"
"This is the most perfect book I know of.  Like a Mozart sonata.  Not a note out of place.It's not my favorite book, or even in my list of top ten.  Certainly, there are deeper books out there.But with all of the books I admire more, there's something I would change.  With ""Moby Dick,"" for example, I would have dumbed down some of the cetology talk, deleted Bulkington, and fixed up the abrupt about-face with Queequeg's ""long last dive.""  With ""David Copperfield,"" I would have the style more expansive, not so crabbed.  ""The Brothers Karamazov"" leaves much unresolved in the denouement, awaiting a sequel that never came.  One wishes that ""Robinson Crusoe"" would have been more, uh, racially prescient.  ""Middlemarch"" strikes you as really two novels jammed into one, which it was.But to me, ""Animal Farm"" is utterly perfect.  I wouldn't change a word.  I read it when I was a kid -- it blew me away.  Reading it in middle age, it still blows me away.As for the edition I'm trying to review, the deluxe hardback ""Everyman's Library,"" there's just one omission, in my view.Sure, there's a comprehensively helpful introduction by Julian Symons, a couple of different (but somehow superfluous) prefaces by Orwell, and even a chronology and textual note.  But ""Animal Farm"" seems to assume you grew up on a farm and are conversant with the vocabulary of farm implements and accoutrements, which I certainly am not.  I wish there had been footnotes to help you through some of that terminology, but there are no annotations of any kind."
"The fable, Animal Farm, has been analyzed and reanalyzed, described and summarized.  For all of those things I can add nothing.  Instead of that I'm going to make this book review about me and what Animal Farm did to me - what it made me think - how it made me feel.Orwell's genius is in simplification, while his passion was to anti-authority.  He wrote a simple story about animals in a farmyard and showed that authoritarians come in two types, those who abuse authority and those who are victimized by them.  His simple truth is that individuals fall into their same roles regardless the government or organization that surrounds them.It made me think about what kind of authority I crave and what kind of authority I'd be.  A book that can prompt that kind of introspection is a special book indeed.  Unfortunately I've read Animal Farm a dozen times and I still don't have suitable answers.  But I don't think answers are what Orwell had in mind.  I think the import of the book was to raise the questions, to get people to think about it, and to get them to talk.  If you're aware of your tendencies as individuals and as communities and as nations, then you can resist the slide into familiarity and disaster.Animal Farm taught me to question authority and to make decisions for myself.  It taught me to learn things for myself and to never believe what I'm told by a single source.  It taught me that ""for my own good"" rarely is.It's an important book to read and even more important to understand.- CV Rick, March, 2008"
"Is an allegory novel, where Orwell uses animal characters in order to move the readeraway from the real world into a fantasy space where the reader can grasp ideas directlyand easier about what is happening?Was published at the end of the World War II, in England in 1945, and in United Statesin 1946, George Orwell wrote the book during the war as a fable in order to raiseawareness of the dangers posed by Stalinism and totalitarian regimes.The writer personifies the animals to symbolize them as real historical figures. In theirown universe people can become desensitized even to terrible things like deception,mistreatment, and violence to make this understandable for everyone Orwell uses averbal irony tone.This book is most famous as a critique of the history of the Russian revolution. Tellingthe story and development of soviet communism in the form as a animal fable.Animal farm uses a metaphor about the rise of the power of Stalin, in the novella theoverthrow of the human oppressor Mr. Jones by a democratic coalition of animalsquickly gives way to the consolidation of power among the pigs. Much like the Sovietintelligentsia, the pigs establish themselves as the ruling class in the new society.""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others"", this statement isnot just a simple sentence, it means outside of ourselves we can be similar to each otherbut it does not mean you are the same as the others, people are different but they conservetheir own essence.Angela L"
"""Animal Farm"" is a story that tells about how people, or animals in this case, can be so power hungry and mean and decieving.  It all tells a lot about teamwork, if everyone works together, they can accomplish many great things, and if some people start acting arrogant and think they are better than they others, they will mess up everything.  In this story, all the animals worked together to overthrow the humans.  Everything in the farm was going great, infact it was perfect, until Napoleon became power-hungry and kicked Snowball out of the farm.  Then Napoleon started changing the rules and made them more beneficial to him and the pigs.  Finally the rules were so unfair that some animals wanted to rebel but thier plan was discovered before they could take any action.  That was when Napoleon started killing them, after seeing what happened to some of the animals, the other animals lived in horror in a prison that they once used to call home.  Years passed, some of the animals started dieing off, and the unlucky ones continued to be the slaves of Napoleon and his pigs.  In the last part, the pigs invited some of the people over for dinner.  While the other animals were looking through the window, they realized that they could tell no difference between the pigs and the humans and they were shocked with horror.  This was a very good book that taught some valuable lessons.  Another book that can kind of relate to this story is ""1984"" also by George Orwell, but this book was much better and quicker."
"I'm not going to give a synopsis of the whole book, you can read other reviews if you're looking for general information.  But I'd like to expound upon on character in the story, Mollie. Mollie was the horse who ran away from the farm after it was discovered that she was receiving sugar and petting from the humans from the adjacent farm.  Orwell is using Mollie in the story as a metaphor for capitalism.  Surprisingly, Orwell was a socialist, but his ultimate belief was that man was simply unable to govern himself no matter what the ideology.Mollie is a reminder of the excesses of our government in the 1990's, and a warning of what eventually comes from it.  Much like the U.S populace, Mollie was unconcened about who ran the government, or what polices were in place (like the 60-70 percent of the US population that doesn't vote).  As long as she was getting her 'ribbons' and 'sugar' (i.e., money and material possessions) she was quite content to live in any regime, even a corrupt one like the humans had created for the animals.  Remember the Clinton years?  Who really cared what the President did, as long as the economy was swell?  Orwell was more prophetic than most of us realize.  Of course, in a communist society, sugar and ribbons are the first things to go.  So Mollie heads over to the other farm, not caring about how she will be treated, but only desiring some more of that sugar.A book that should be read to every child once he/she is old enough to understand its implications."
"What a wonderful book! I read Animal Farm to help my grandson with his school project. Why I failed to read this amazing allegory for the last fifty years or so is beyond my reasoning. Though my grandson started rather uninterested, when I discussed the ideas behind the story, he got into the discussions and responded with intelligence: ""Boooo! Napoleon sucks!"" Never mind!Power corrupts but absolute power corrupts absolutely! No doubt the idea of equality is an amazing concept. Orwell though, realizes the truth behind this fallacy of allowing a government to set those standards. On an individual basis, we can manage equality. On a larger scale, we end up weakening society and individuals without seeing their true strengths and talents. We make everyone equal and never reward hard work. People are equal to live, not to be rewarded just for existing.Napoleon the Pig did not start off by usurping all the power. It took him a while but without opposition and imposing fear on the other animals, he managed to take over and live way above and beyond the others. He changed the rules to fit his agenda.It is indeed a political book. A book not to be discarded or ignored as I have done in my ignorance. Orwell made me laugh, get excited, get outraged and cry. I laughed with the animals, triumphed in their successes, got excited when they built their windmill and cried when the slaughterer took Boxer away.A wonderfully executed fable, not to be missed."
"As a bit of political rhetoric, as a story, and as a stylistic achievement, ""Animal Farm"" is an Orwell success.  Orwell's self-proclaimed goal was to, ""make political writing into an art"". Did he succeed in ""Animal Farm""? Yes. Maybe not in anyway that will take your breath away, but he certainly did far more than simply feed us another dose of political rhetoric. He made us enjoy it. He did an extraordinary job of fitting his agenda into this unusual medium, and making it largely amusing.  Stylistically, ""Animal Farm"" imitates a fairytale, and does it spectacularly well. That isn't to say that it's a thing for children. It's much too dark for that.  Orwell writes ""Animal Farm"" using both extended narrative and long passages of exposition to best advantage. While I dislike both of those things, he can't realistically be criticized for either. He was simply remaining faithful to the mold of a classic Fairytale.  The characters are thin to an extreme, but even that can't be considered a fault.  Again, he remains faithfully within the bounds of his chosen form. Each character fulfills its role and none of them ever violates the bounds of their purpose.  Is ""Animal Farm"" a perfect story? Maybe not, but it's very well done and deserves every speck of the praise it's received from other reviewers. Is it one of my all time favorites? No. It didn't hold my interest strongly enough. Is it worth the time I spent reading it? Definitely."
"George Orwell has done an amazing job of this book.  It is so simple to read that many schools require Animal Farm to be read by junior high schoolers.  Yet, it is also required reading for college freshmen because of the complex nature of the story.The story is an analogy for the 1917 Russian revolution and the rise of communism later.  Orwell's masterstroke was making the protagonists animals.  This way he could tell his story without acknowledging what he was really talking about.  He uses animals to portray how inhuman the former masters were and to give sympathy for animals plight.Animal Farm opens with the animals chasing away the owner of the farm and the beggining of it being run by animals.  The story progresses from the optimism of the ideas of shared community to the cynicism of a power grab and the new leaders are as bad as the original ones.  Orwell describes how the new leaders change the rules slowly and in incremental steps so as not to alarm the followers.  Any opposition is either exiled or killed.  By the time the rest of the animals realize that they were swindled of their ideas, it is too late to stop the process.  The book ends where communism was in the 1970's, stagnated.  The odd part of this is that Orwell wrote Animal Farm in 1946 and much of the book is actually prediction.This book is both wonderfull to read and a dire prediction.  Orwell shows how the best of intentions can be twisted into the worst of nightmares.  It is a must read."
"George Orwell is a fantastic novelist and this is a must read if you're a fan of his work in 1984, etc. This goes in to sort of a historical context, i recommend reading the preface, it goes in to all the details."
"I had to do a book report on this in high school nearly 50 years ago. Afraid I didn't ""get it"" back then. Considering the current political situation in the USA, I highly reccommend reading this again."
"ANIMAL FARM  George Orwell  nothing on a farm is what you think it is.Animal farm is a good book. It is about a farm that has taken overworked, by mistreated animals. With stirring slogans, they set out to create a paradise of progress, justice, and equality. This book is really for grown-ups telling satiric fables ever penned. It records the evolution from the revolution. Against tyranny to a totalitarianism just as terrible. A pig named napoleon try's to talk to his friends because he had a dream about the farmer having a dream that he was going to try to talk to the other animals. When he found out, he was asked to gather the other animals on the farm to tell them about it. Therefore, the two dogs on the farm gather every body to talk. In the middle of the book the pig, the cat and the two dogs try to save the farm from the farmer. In the end, the two dogs stop the farmer from trying to talk to the other animals.  Some reasons I like this book is because it is a good book for young adults, it is humorous, and very funny. Some reasons I don't like the book is because it was in small print and on the back, it says for adults. Also in the end, they could have put it a little different. They could have made it a much longer book if they would have extended the end.  I think people who would like this book is the kind of person who likes funny things and people."
"Eric Arthur Blair or George Orwell; his pseudonym, wrote an absolute masterpiece with this allegorical novella. It's a lesson to revolutions everywhere that power turns people into pigs, and pigs into people."
"This story of the struggle between humans, their pigs, and the other animals on the farm is both a general and specific critique of the evils of communism.  It is general in the sense that Orwell takes the reader through the cycle of what's good about the promise of social equality, as well as the power issues that make a dictatorship the wrong way to get there.  The specifics come from the close parallels between characters in the book and Stalin, Trotsky, the secret police and others.So what makes this book a classic?- Orwell was actually a very solid socialist.  His critique is not the type we see today where right wing bashes the left wing on all fronts.  He writes as one who understands and appreciates the goals of the left, but hates the methods used to attain them.- The book was well ahead of it's time.  Today everyone knows the evils of Stalinism, but even thirty years ago there was still active discussion about the pros and cons of the Russian economic system.  Written in 1954, Animal Farm called out an insidious leader and his corrupted system well before the rest of the West was on to it.- The book concisely captures the message.  A lazier writer could have written a 400 or even 1000 page treatise on the evils of communism.  In 144 pages, Orwell nails it.In summary, it's a genuine classic that deserves it's place on so many recommended and mandatory reading lists."
"One of the most interesting books I've read lately!Thanks to my professor, I enriched my knowledge and fed my brain with one of the most influencing books in the 20th century.Long live napoleon"
"Animal Farm tells the tale of Manor Farm, a farm controlled by a heartless man  named Mr. Jones who overworks and starves his animals. One night, Major, the old boar,  assembles all the animals and presents them with his dream, a dream of freedom from the  race of humanity. He gives them visions of a great rebellion; beasts working hand in hand to overthrow men. Shortly after his speech, he passes away and the animals are left with his amazing words. The animals take over the farm and destroy everything that reminds them of Mr. Jones. The pigs, which are the smartest animals on the farm, decide they must take control of the farm and its assets. It is only one step from controlling Animal Farm to controlling all of the animals' lives! Napoleon, the boar, manages to win almost total control of everything and in the end, the animals are no better off with Napoleon than they were with Master Jones. Napoleon and the pigs begin walking! on two legs, dressing in suits, drinking beer, and worst of all, killing other animals that disobey their laws. The original laws forbade most of what Napoleon and the pigs start doing, but he has the Seven Commandments, a set of laws the animals wrote, altered. Pretty soon the slogan four legs good, two legs bad changes to four legs good two legs better and all animals are equal becomes all animals are equal, but some are more equal than others!  It sounds fair, doesn't it?"
"This book was fantastic, it is definitely a must but and a must read, short enough for reading it in a couple days. Could help you a lot of you've studied history since you can find several connections."
"Incredible book. It shows perfectly why communism doesn't work: as the pigs, there will always exist humans that will take advantage and transform the rebellion in a dictatorship of the most influent."
I'm a little late to the party reading this book. After truly understanding the back drop to this satire and the politically charged climate of the time I must say its a brilliant piece of literature.
"Animal Farm is about the animals on a farm uprising and throwing out their unjust owner in order to run the place themselves.  It is a thinly-veiled jab at tyrannical regimes and succeeds tremendously.  I breezed through this one and honestly could find nothing wrong with it.  The characters are all believable and quite a few are even highly likable.  My favorite is the horse Boxer who is renowned for his strength, both of body and character.  You have to kind of suspend your disbelief when reading Animal Farm because of some of the things that happen, but it is well worth it.  The animals decide that the humans get all of the benefit for their hard work and they are tired of it.  Led by two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball, they overthrow the humans.  I won't give a bunch of spoilers, but the story unfolds in such a way as to show how a dictatorship comes to be and how the animals went from one form of slavery to another.  I also think the character Squealer was done extremely well as far a propaganda man(pig).  By the end of the tale, you can see and understand everything that has transpired and the moral stands on its own without you needing to be bashed over the head with it.  For a great fairy-tale about the dangers of socialism or any other kind of bad government ending with ""ism"", look no further than Animal Farm, where ""All animals are created equal, but some are more equal than others."""
"Animal Farm is a book about the animals of the Manor Farm and their desire to end their lives of servitude to the oppressive Mr. Jones. The animals revolt and start their own society and rename Manor Farm, Animal Farm.  The animals are lead by the pigs because of their superior knowledge. Two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball, are the main leaders but they are always fighting whether they really disagree or not. Eventually Napoleon has his guraddogs chse Snowball off the farm. With Napoleon as their new leader things only go downhill as the pigs slowly change the basic rules of society in their favor. The animals are once again living in oppression as their rations are decreased and they are forced to work long hours with little rest. Near the end, the pigs start to live as if they themselves were humans.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in communism and its history. This book reflects a communist government and shows readers what life was like for people living in this type of society. This book is very easy to visualize but has a somewhat complex vocabulary and it made me do a lot of thinking about history and what life was like in other parts of the world. This is a book that can be easy to read but hard to put down. The animals are promised lives of freedom and happiness but eventually go back to living as they had been for many years in the past."
"Animal farm is a classic satire of the Russian Revolution and the rise of Joseph Stalin. It is the story of a group of farm animals that convert Mr. Jones's Manor Farm into Animal Farm. Mr. Jones is a drunken old farmer than does an awful job of taking care of his farm. Old Major, an old pig that lives on the farm, calls for a meeting between all the animals. There he describes the humans as parasites, and teaches the animals a song called Beasts of England. He calls for a revolution, and for the animals rise up and kick Mr. Jones off of his own farm. A few days later Old Major dies, and two pigs, Napoleon and Snowball take over as leaders. They prepare for the rebellion and expel Mr. Jones from the farm. They rename the farm Animal Farm, and create a list of seven commandments that all animals are supposed to follow. The focal commandment is All animals are equal. Snowball begins to educate all the animals, while Napoleon takes the young puppies and privately teaches them the idea of Animalism.The pigs begin to set aside food for themselves that the other animals dont get to have, and start to elevate themselves above the others. As this is going on, Napoleon and Snowball struggle and fight for influence of the community. Then, Snowball announces his great plan to construct a windmill to help the farm run more smoothly. Napoleon doesnt like the idea and sends the now grown dogs to chase him off the farm, and then takes over a sole leader. As the story goes on Napoleon becomes a tyrant. He begins to oppress the other animals and every day acts more and more like a human. The climax is the betrayal of the faithful work horse, Boxer. Dictatorial rule is reestablished with the bloodstained addition to the founding slogan: But some Animals Are More Equal Than Others.Being a teacher, the reason I read this book was to use it to engage students across multiple disciplines in the classroom. When learning about the Russian Revolution, Animal Farm will help students understand the social schemes and cult of personality it took to create such a Totalitarian system. Many people cannot fathom how Joseph Stalin and the Socialist party came to power. This book was written during the height of Second World War and allows us to see into the past. At the time the Soviet Union was an ally of the United States. And one of the reasons the book is so well known is because the Cold War followed soon after WW2 was over. It allows us to observe an interesting series of events and a very crucial part of world history. Animal Farm is a satirical work that is wonderfully clear and concise. Its dominate theme is that power can have adverse effects on its beholders.Though, one does not need to know the specific historical context that Orwell was paralleling. It could easily be about any totalitarian society or one that has aspirations to make life better for the people. And that's what makes this work such a powerful classic, because Orwell writes about human nature and the potential for evil when power is entrusted in them. Bringing this into the classroom would be a great way to overlap different prospective and enable students to understand society and human nature."
"I love this book!!!!!(age nine) It is a book that tells people that animals are superior too. We are  the ones that destroy the Earth. We cannot run as fast as most animals. We need help from those animals out  there!! That's why God put them here!!! This book also was a retelling of  communism and dictatorship. It's a very imaginative way of telling the  story!!  Poor Old Major dies in the begginning of the story. He was pretty  old, though! After that, the animals are told of the wonderful Sugarcandy  Mountain, which kind of explains the peace.  A while later, the animals  decide to build a windmill. Snowball has revenge, and knocks it down. This  explains how the war starts (He did this because of the dogs). Snowball  then mixes weeds with the corn seed, and then the crops go bad.  The  battle of cowshed is a horrible part. Lots of creatures die.  A long time  after that, the pigs and sheep change  the motto of ""Two legs good,  four legs better!"" into 'Four legs good, two legs better!'And then the  pigs practically turn into men. I have learned a lot from this short book,  it taught me a lesson. 'Two legs good, four legs a lot better!'  Anyone  interested in that kind of stuff should have this book!! It's one of the  best!!!!  I am very strong and have the ability to run on four legs. I  know it's hard to believe that I am 9, but it's 100% true.(I swear!)"
"Animal Farm on the outside might seem like a children's story, but it is far from it.  George Orwell uses this tale to cleverly disguise his thoughts on politics and government, and if we are not careful, how we can be led in to situations as despicable as the ones we were originally freed from.  The animals were lead blindly into this, never questioning the pigs' authority or their doings.  What I found fascinating was how the seven commandments were changed somewhat (ex. no animal should drink alchohol to excess when it was orignally no animal should drink alchohol) so the pigs could do as they pleased as the humans once did, and how the other animals were fooled in this piece of hypocrisy.  How Napolean bided his time until he had complete dictatorship, while looking at it with an unbiased view, was very smart if not cunning.  The pigs used many clever persuasions to make the illusion of happiness, more food than ever, and little work on the farm when the animals literally starved and worked to death, like Boxer, who was sent to the glue factory by the pigs for his pains.  All in all, this book really makes you think, which is the biggest reason I liked it, and the whole theme of Animal Farm is worded in my favorite line-""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which."""
"George Orwell is doubtless one of the great thinkers of the 20th century.  With Animal Farm, he cements himself as a pithy and moralistic speaker for a tumultous sociopolitical era.  Animal Farm, amazingly written so soon after WWII, when much of the West was still blind to the horrors of Russian communism, not to mention the truths behind the failing experiment.Orwell is a historian who analyzes history as it occurs - a risky endeavor, but his exceptional capacity for discerning truth from chaos and for clairvoyance are unrivaled.  Animal Farm tells the story of farm animals who rebel against their master and set out to achieve an animal utopia based on equality, hard work, and good will.  As their project is executed, though, it reveals features reflexive of human evolution - greed, ambition, the need to chart differences and draw borders, and the eternal desire to have dominion over all others.Animal Farm is not only a good general outline of human political flaws, but also a keen study in some of Red Communism's specifics.  Orwell shows knowledge of his subject, not settling for vague inferences and over-obvious dichotomies.  Rather, his satiro-ideological allegory portrays the entire social spectrum of masters and slaves, rulers and masses, idealogues and tyrants.  A great counter to the Communist Manifesto, it answers with enough verbal economy and irony."
"I am so glad I picked this book up and read it! I didn't have the opportunity to read it in High School like many people have, but have always thought about reading it.  Let me tell you... it is worth the wait!I find it interesting that Orwell subtitled this book a Fairy Story.  This ""Fairy Story"" has more reality in it than some history books.  Orwell uses animal characters to give us a startling picture of how an idealistic system of thought(Socialism), became a frightening, all consuming machine (Communism).What's so interisting is that the actions of these animals are so indicative of how man reacts to power and privilige.  I don't necessarily agree with socialism, but it is a system of thought that does have some merit.  When you take it on it's own it can lead to real equality and humanity.  But, the truth is, when power hungry leaders get their clutches on it, the result is less than humane.  That is what happened to communism, and it happened so quickly!Is Orwell a political prophet?  His book was written just before WWII and well before the Cold War.  But he surely had a good take on where communism was going and how it would manifest itself.Read the book... you won't be disappointed.  It is a very quick read.  If you have been wanting to read the classics, this is a great book to start with!  Take the time to add this to your reading experience."
"This was the first political book I ever read, at age 12.  I had never seen anything like it, but I knew it was about how power was used and abused, how it twisted the hearts of those who held it, pursuing a logic of its own.  That reading experience was the start, I think, of my love for history and politics.  I enjoyed the book so much that I gave it to my children, who have also become fascinated with the many levels you can find in it.It was only much later that I realized the story was first about the USSR, with the dream of the old pig (Marx), and the fights between substitutes for Lenin, Trotsky/Zinoviev, and Stalin.  Though many reviewers harp on this as a lesson against communism, I see that as only one level on which the book can be read:  it goes much deeper than that, as a critique not just of totalitarianism but of the soul of man, how we can justify horrible behavior not only as naked self-interest, but under an ideological cloak.Any interpretation, I think, will fail to do justice in any definitive way to what Orwell intended:  to provoke discussion on our own choices and actions, on our will to make horrible compromises in our pursuit of some idea of justice or equality.Warmly recommended.  This is still a great read after 40 years from my first reading!  Nothing else that he wrote comes close to this, I think, is intellectual fecundity."
It is possibly the best book I ever read. I imagined that because it wasn't a recent book that maybe it was a little outdated but it is only more relevant now more than ever. best ending ever too
"Before the death of the old pig, Major, the animals belonging to Mr. Jones have a meeting.  Afterward, rebellion comes quickly.  Drink was the downfall of Jones.  The level of his husbandry was poor.The animals get in the hay.  Following Major's death, Snowball and Napoleon are the dominant pigs, (and pigs are the smartest animals, the obvious rulers of the farm).In time only pigs receive milk and apples.  One of the horses deserts to a farm run by people for the rewards of ribbons and sugar cubes.  Snowball is expelled through the machinations of Napoleon and democracy fails.Orwell's wonderful tale was produced in 1945.  It captures succinctly the terror world, the illogic of rule by a totalitarian leader.  Josef Stalin is one example of such a leader and was Orwell's target.  Arguably Napoleon stands for Stalin and Snowball for Leon Trotsky.  Hitler may be represented in the novel by one of the characters, Frederick.  There are confessions and executions.Following Orwell's experience in the Spanish Civil War he sought to expose the dangers of totalitarian policies.  In ANIMAL FARM he achieved perfection.  There is balance, tone, rightness in the fable.  It is suited to making the author's points.  Step by step the trusting barnyard dwellers find their beliefs and their lives sacrificed to their leaders' goals."
"Animal Farm was a short novel that contained an allegory for communism. The story takes place on what was originally the Manor Farm but is soon renamed by it's unhappy, over-worked and under fed animal residents who eventually plan rebellion and take over the farm. The animals are brought to the realization that they are the slaves of Mr. Jones by the old boar, Major. Major is responsible for teaching the animals that one day rebellion will come and to prepare for it. The animals eventually have a revolution and are led by the pigs. At first the animals are happy and satisfied with their new, free life on the farm but soon things begin to take a turn for the worst under the ruler ship of the pigs. The pigs use propaganda and fear to control the illiterate working class of animals, who are deceived into thinking that they are better of than with the farmer. This book is a very precise allegory for communism, including characters that represent Leon Trotsky and Stalin.  Although the book is a very accurate representation of Russian Communism it can be read even if you do not know much about Soviet Russia, and would even be a good read if the allegory was not recognized. I would recommend this book to any reader, because even if they are too young to understand the allegory it is still a well-written and entertaining piece of literature."
"Animal Farm is the story of farm animals that reject being ruled by humans and think they can do a better job themselves.  They construct their utopian society and make sure the rules are fair to all.  Eventually there are compromises and social classes emerge.  A force is developed to protect the upper classes from the lower classes.  Eventually conditions match what they had replaced and then get even worse.It is so sad that a book of this length and simplicity in story line completely dispels the myths of communism and all those that follow it.  This allegory does just that.  It shows how for the very briefest of time revolutionary zeal for this cause can give good results.  Then reality sets in.  Life under communism is awful, it is ripe with abuse, corruption and ultimately doomed to failure.  History has proven this over and over again.Communism to me is similar to the people in America that were suckered out west to farm bad soil.  They cut the sod and had a great year or two of farming.  They were deluded into thinking life would always be like this.  After the first 2 seasons nothing would grow and the people's lives were decidedly worse than the lives they had left.  Lives they could no longer return to and so they were left suffering year in and year out.  That is communism in a nutshell."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is an extremely rewarding book for readers about twelve and older, in accordance with some violent parts in the novel. The wording of Animal Farm makes it seem like a children's story (the full title reads Animal Farm: a Fairy Story) when in fact it is a cryptic warning about the dangers of communism. The book seems like an unfinished fairy tale: one where good does not triumph over evil in the end. A fairy tale without a moral. And that is, in itself, Orwell's warning: he ends the book openly, letting the reader think of all possible circumstances that could happen at Manor Farm. The novel is incredibly thought provoking, and many of the thoughts that are brought about relate to humanitarian concerns; thoughts of moral ethics, of rights and wrongs in a human society. I found the George Orwell's novel Animal Farm: A Fairy Story an entrancing and memorable short story of which I know the words and messages will remain with me throughout my life. Although this novel cannot amount for many words, what it lacks in volume (as is the case in many pint-sized books) is certainly made up in content. The content of this book will interest most readers immensely and cause them to more deeply consider their own ethics. I highly recommend Animal Farm to any reader above the age of eleven who enjoys a captivating story."
Animal farm describes the gap between promise and delivery of a socialist society. The books deals with one of the most important subjects to humanity with an unrivalled level of simplicity.
"Before saying anything bad about this book, I must mention that it was very well written, and is extremely interesting, and even amusing at some parts. The comparison of Napoleon and Snowball to Stalin and Trotsky is very good. But I think its too abusive of Communism. I know Communism is not very good if ot used properly, as it destroys much of people's freedom. But it is not as bad as some people make it sound. However, if it works well, as Karl Marx dreamed, then it can be good for the people who it governs. But when its true meaning becomes abused, it is then that it can be destructive and people lose freedom and other things. This does happen often in such a government, and despite his aptitude for writing, Orwell exxagerates in making the generalization that Communism always leads to chaos and loss of freedom and voice, which is not true. The reason I think that it is so good despite this is that in Orwell's time Communism was just emerging. What Orwell experienced of Communism was horrible, therefore he is under no circumstances responsible for makig this exxageration. It is just today, in 1998, that we can look back at history and really see that despite most Communist governments becoming destructive of freedom, if COmmunism is used as Karl Marx hoped, then it can be a good government.Person, Age 12"
"Everyone complaigned how this book was stupid, and how its just about stupid animals who break each others laws. I actually understood the literal meaning and symbols of the book, and am also a huge world war 2 fan. I've always had an interest in the dictatorships and communist countries of Europe during the war, and this book taught me something I never knew. Communism started off as a huge breakthrough for equal rights and trying to keep everyone under control in a fair way, and everyone gave in becuase it seemed like the perfect society where nobody would be enemies and everyone would be able to have the same benefits. Communism worked well at first, and everyone seemed happy, but as time progressed, the government twisted its laws and made the people like slaves, where they were manipulated and controlled by the governments actions. People who weren't able to benefit everyone else were executed, the dictator made alliances with their so called ""enemies"", and went against everything they fought for in the first place. This is all seen in the novel, and teaches america why communism fails and why there can never be a such thing as everyone is equal, but more as everyone is equal, but some people are more equal than others. Orswell understood communism, and nailed everything down perfectly in this clever book."
"Animal Farm was written by George Orwell over the winter of 1943-44.  It is a satirical fable that uses the story of animals rebelling on a farm to tell a version of the Russian Revolution and the rise of Joseph Stalin.  Most of the major characters are loosely based on real life people.  Major, the boar who dreams of a farm run by animals, is inspired by Lenin.  After his death, Snowball (based on Trotsky) and Napoleon (based on Stalin) take over command of the animals and lead a rebellion against the farmer.  The animals are collectively in charge of the farm in a form of communism (referred to as ""Animalism"").  Eventually Napoleon plots to oust Snowball, and then gradually erodes the rights of the animals to assume a position of dictatorship, paying only the merest of lip service to the origin tenets of the rebellion.This is a very short novel (the version I read had fewer than 100 pages although this varies depending on the typeface), which takes only a couple of hours to read.  It skips along in a highly readable fashion and is amusing in parts, but at the same time it's also moving and thought provoking.  If you are familiar with the basics of Russian history you will probably enjoy it more, but this is by no means mandatory.  It's well worthwhile taking the time to read this deserved classic."
"Do you adore adventure? Do you crave for history? If so, then you must donate time to read the enchanting novel, Animal Farm. Animal Farm is masterfully written by George Orwell, writing so grand that it gripped me by the throat and would not let go.  This book is a re-telling of the Russian-Communist history, and it is retold through animals and their rebellious farm. Through this novel, I learnt a great deal about Russian history. I loved every aspect of this novel except for the short length of it. The end was very solid and left me with a feeling of hope for the future, but the end was enjoyable and a bit puzzling, for it leaves you with the question, ""is it your body that makes you the animal you are, or is it your actions?"" The characters all represent important figures in Russian history, for example, my least favorite character, Napoleon, is based on Josef Stalin. He was the leader of Animal Farm for most of the book, and he was cruel and arrogant and utterly dogmatic. His bitterness and wicked acts make him terrifying man, or should I say, ""pig."" I would recommend this book to anyone who asks, and furthermore, I would read any novel, or any form of literature, by George Orwell. No life can be complete without reading George Orwell's puzzling, yet strangely satisfying Animal Farm."
"This book is pretty spot on. Having grown up into communist and post-communist regime environment I can relate to a lot of Orwell's references. I recommend this book, quick and easy read."
"Animal Farm is a book which takes place on a Manor Farm, which was renamed to Animal Farm do to the rebeling aginst there owner Mr.Jones. Which was inspired by the dream of Old Major,a boar who has the first great vision of a socialist utopia for animals, beginning the fervor that leads to the Rebellion. Old Major dies three days after he tells the animals his vision.This leades to the battle.  The two pigs that head the farm are Napoleon and Snowball who disagree on everything.The two battle on who will be the next leader of Animal Farm.One day, as the animals are about to vote on the building of a windmill that Snowball supports and Napoleon opposes. Napoleon decides to have Snowball driven off the farm. From that point on, Snowball becomes a scapegoat whenever anything goes wrong on the farm.  As time goes on,the pigs begin to break many of the original principles and Commandments of their Rebellion. This is justified by slight changes in the Seven Commandments and explanations from Squealer,a particularly persuasive pig who is also on Napoleons side. Squealer also tries to convince the animals of the farm that the memories of the past are incorrect. Eventually,as more time passes the new leader of the farm changes the name back to Manor Farm much as it was when the book began."
"Animal Farm is a book that takes place on a Manor Farm which was renamed to Animal Farm do to the rebeling against the pigs owner, Mr.Jones. The Animal Farm was run by Old Major who was inspired by the first great vision of a scoialist utopia for animals beginning the fervor that leads to the Rebellion.  Old Major dies three days after he tells the animals his vision, which leads to the battle between Snowball and Napoleon. These two pigs head the farm and also disagree on everything. Snowball and Napoleon battle on who will be the next leader of Animal Farm. One day, as the animals are about to vote on the building of a windmill,that Snowball supports and Napoleon opposes, Napoleon decides to have Snowball driven off the farm. From that point on, Snowball becomes a scapegoat whenever anything goes wrong on the farm.  As time goes on, the pigs begin to break many of the original principles and Commandments of their Rebellion. This is justified by slight changes in the Seven Commandments and explainations from Squealer, a particular persuasive pig who also favors Napoleon. Squealer also tries to convince the animals on the farm that the memories of the past are inncorrect. Eventually, as more times passes the new leader of the farm changes the name back to Manor Farm as it was when the book began."
Animal Farm is a great book that everyone should read.  But I agree with the other reviewer that the cover of this particular edition is irritating and somewhat misleading.  Animal Farm is basically a book about how socialism frequently leads to totalitarianism (it was a satire on Stalinism).  We have much more to fear from Obama's policies than we ever did from Bush's policies since Bush while making many mistakes basically believed in capitalism and understood its relationship to personal liberty.  Barack Obama on the other hand is a socialist masquerading as a moderate Democrat. I know that the reason that some liberal decided to put Bush on the cover was because of what would be considered assaults on civil liberties of a minute fraction of individuals in this country by Bush as a part of his war on terrorism.  I agree that these were concerning but in the big scheme of things trivial compared to how Obama may bring us to our knees with his socialist agenda.  Maybe you could put both Barack and George side by side on the cover since neither party seems to believe in freedom anymore.But basically I agree with the other reviewer.  Buy the book but get a different version.
"""Animal Farm"" is starts off a group of farm animals who uprise against their human owner and to make their farm the first to ever be run by animals. The book's main topic is not life on the farm; it is about more worldly topics that unfortunately too many have to deal with everyday: greed, power, and corruption.It is a satire of communism and the Soviet Revolution. A satire not in the sense of poking fun at those events but sharply criticizing them and those responsible. While reading the book, you cannot help but feel the animals who are being governed are partially responsible for the naivety and negligence.My eleventh grade class had to read it as a part of the syllabus and we all enjoyed it. We read it not only because we had to in class but many even went ahead and read it on our own at home. We would often question the animals for putting up with it, but it is hard to realize that so many humans did for so many years in communist countries. George Orwell does not preach in the book and it is not a boring retelling of past events. Amidst all the drama, it had a wry sense of humour to it. This book far exceeded my expectations."
"It is the rare political book that is both entertaining and thought provoking. Rarer still to be unforgettable and insightful and life-changing. Animal Farm, for me was all this.The allegory is powerful and the use of farm animals both clever and entertaining, and helped makes the story all the more vivid and memorable. The story is well know, a group of farm animals eventually led by the boar Napoleon, overthrow the capitalist farmer and create an idealistic worker's paradise. Little by little and bit by bit they become not only as corrupt as the former system, but even worse as exemplified by their ruthlessness and hypocrisy. The reader comes away much more cynical about utopian ideals, which sounds like a bad thing but is actually a good thing. Incredibly powerful book, with the weight of truth and some kind of native energy that makes a despairing fairy-tale into a life-changing lesson. I've read plenty of books that I've enjoyed more, but few I've been so drastically impacted by. This book is a must for an adolescent, and if you missed it then even if you're eighty-five pick it up and read it now. It's both historical and timeless."
"The animals of Manor Farm decide to take control of their own land and banish the humans. Life will be perfect on their own. After a rebellion, they change the name of the farm to Animal Farm and create seven commandments. Somehow, though, over time, those commandments seem to change just a little bit (must be their faulty memories) and stories of battles change (definitely their faulty memories). Work is increased, rations are cut, and, suddenly, the pigs are in charge.Orwell did a truly amazing job when he crafted Animal Farm. It is in actuality the story of Russia, from the Russian Revolution on through the Stalin era. It is funny because all the action is done by animals (I am sure it is no accident that the leaders  Orwell was very critical of Stalin  are portrayed by pigs). It is just completely absurd. It is sad because the action really happened  to humans. Especially poignant is how the animals (humans) accepted whatever the leaders told them, even if their own memories contradicted the stories being told. A great, quick read on its own or to go along with a study of the rise of communism for older teens or adults."
"Hmm, I don't think too much people actually interpret as I do, but then I might be wrong. But alot of people who have reviewed it have praised the book for bagging communism/socialism. I believe that it is more of a thought expanding book, Orwell encourages us to think openly because we can. He shows the possibilitys that a revolution can be 'abused'(admittidly it usually is eh) but Orwell wouldn't saying the conditions under the farmer is right either ? He also comments on how thought can rule people, and by reading some of the other reviews, especially the youngen's like zach and cluegen(or whatever), they are using this book to ensure them they are right and there is no other superior ideas to theirs. The other thing is the clever analogies he uses, people who keep saying 'this book is dumb, theres no such thing as a talking pig' etc. should look up the meaning of 'fiction' and realise what a novel is. all in all, realise what political bias will always be held in representations and keep the struggle. great book. oh yeah, it may surprise alot of ye amerikans, but orwell considered himself socialist go and check it.."
"I read Animal Farm for the first time as a set school text in Year 9, and found it to be much deeper and meaningful than expected.As goes the saying, do not judge Animal Farm by its cover! The story of a rebelious group of barnyard animal provides a mere smokescreen for George Orwell to attack Pre-WW2 Russia and their communist society.For someone not familiar with Stalin's reign and dictatorial manner, such as myself, Animal Farm provides a concise and factual portrayal of the situation, without delving into areas best left for discussion in a Philosophy PhD convention. As well as informing readers of how all-powerful Stalin was, Animal Farm offers an intersting story and gives a clear of all characters invoolved, from meer workers to the highest figures on Manor Farm.Recommended to anyone who has an interest in history, especially teens, as Animal Farm will give you an introduction to some of the darker days in history, without requiring years of research and reading beforehand.Very interesting read, and an eye-opener to younger readers, as we realise how lucky we are to not have experienced such conditions."
"George Orwell wrote Animal Farm in 1945 at the end of the World War II era when peoples spirts were very low. Animal Farm is a light hearted tale with a meaning. Animal Farm is about a dream of animals rule and a new religon called ""Animalism"". Animals taking over thier farm from their drunk owner and try to build a utopian society but they were in rude awkening. At first they were doing good: they made seven rules the animals had to live by, they were making more money and food then ever, and they finallay got to relax. But then things took a turn for the worse: animals having to fight in the humans attacks, snowball(the brians) was kicked off the farm, and they were doing more work and eating less. Pigs took control of the farm and the dreams were crushed but the animals were to stupid to figure out what was going on, even when they caught the pigs. ""Animalism"" was abolished and things were worse than before. The meaning of this book is that you can never have a utopian society because somebody will always want control and power. This is a must read, I had to read it in scholl but it was well worth it."
"""Animal Farm"" is written by George Orwell. The book gives out an imagination to how it would be if animals ruled the world rather than people. In the beginning, it grabs the reader's attention by talking about how a boar, Major, starts off by having a dream for ruling the world. After he dies, the animals quickly put themselves into place, but end up somewhere they never expected. There were so many complications and issues going on throughout the story, which causes the reader to stay attached to the book. With all the excitement and mysterious events coming up in the book, it causes tention to rise.I would definitely recommend this book for others to read. It is not the typical stories anyone would read because this book gives an insight on how Orwell sees life if animals ruled. The book is so interesting, giving out so many details on which animals think they are better, how they treat others, etc. ""Animal Farm"" has been one of the most famous books. Not only does it rise in conflicts, it shows how the animals try fixing the problem, but make it worse. This book is really great book to read."
"As with all parables, if you ignore the symbolism of this tale, you will miss the entire point.  Animal Farm is the story of the Russian Revolution, which started with lofty rhetoric about freedom and equality (as most political revolutions do), but ended with a tyrannical oligarchy wielding the same barbaric control over the masses which the tsars had wielded before the revolution replaced them.  In each animal there can be seen a part of society, and the sadness of this story is that the animals who truly attempted to apply the socialist ideals were also too stupid to understand what was going on around them.  The exception to this was Snowball, but even he was naive by not realizing the tyranny that was brewing in the self-serving mind of Napoleon.  One of the most maddening things in this book was the mindless bleating of the sheep, who by thoughtless repetition of the Party Doctrine could drown out all reason, all intelligent debate, and ultimately, all of the truth about the farm which could have set the animals free.This book is a simple masterpiece, and it's lessons for all societies are timeless."
"George Orwell, though obviously a very open-minded man and a believer in the communist beliefs, harshly attacks Marxist ideals.  Marx wrote his manifestos on revolution in an ivory tower, which, in practice, came crashing down both is our world(USSR) and in Animal Farm(perhaps represented by the windmill?).  As a passive reader of this novel, it is easy to notice the transition from commune equality to totalitarianism.  However, when personally involved, such as the animals(excluding the pigs) on the farm, it is not so easy to notice the coup d'etat of the perfect democratic system.  I, like many who have posted for this review, am young(freshman in highschool), and for such a broad range of people to understand this novel is representative of how thinly Orwell actually did spread the magical realism over his masterful work.""I see Barsad, and Cly, Defarge, The Vengenance, the Juryman, the Judge, long ranks of the new oppressors who have risen on the destruction of the old, perishing by this retributive instrument, before it shall cease out of its present use.""-Sydney Carton, Tale of Two Cities"
The sheep were very representative of modern democrats. I enjoyed the imagery. Amazing how it almost perfectly mirrors our administration and politics today.
Why wasn't this book required reading in high school?  I accidentally purchased this book believing it would be a science fiction novel.  I'm glad I read it.
"""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell is an adult fable.  In a unique way Orwell describes Soviet Communism using farm animals in place of humans.  The animals take over a farm with their motto, all animals are equal.  The new  Animal Farm seems to be running beautifully;  all the animals respect one  another and life has never been better.  Overtime, the pigs create a new  motto that some animals are more equal than others.  The dream of once  being equal and for all animals to live in luxury is soon  forgotten.Using satire, George Orwell portrays barn yard animals in a  political fairy tale.  With humor and wit, he discuses Communistic views in  attempt to state his somewhat bleak yet historic tale.  The overworked  animals set out to create their own paradise.  All goes well for the  animals, better than ever until the pigs decide to form a dictatorship  saying they are the intelligence of the farm.  The pigs end up changing the  rules previously set and become more uncaring and more controlling than the  former human master.  Orwell's unique way of reiterating a historical event  is brilliant indeed."
"I have no background in the history of the Soviet Union and the Russian Revolution, but I read listened to the ""unabridged audio"" version of ""Animal Farm"" anyway.After reading this book, I have to say that I am finding many of the posts on this board helpful in matching up which animals related to which actual historical figures in the Soviet Union.  Thanks to those who have shared this insight.One thing I discovered from reading ""Animal Farm"", however, was that a reader does not need to completely understand the Soviet Union or understand anything of the Soviet Union, for that matter, to enjoy this book.  ""Animal Farm"" is about what happened in Russia, but could be a about what could happen in any totalitarian regime, where the government subordinates all aspects of its citizens' lives to the authority of the state, with a single charismatic leader as the ultimate authority.So if you think you must understand Russian History before reading this book, you don't.""Animal Farm"" is an interesting and very well written book."
"Animal farm was not part of my high school curriculum, so I happened to read this ""A Fairy Story"" at a later stage in my life. It's an allegory depicting the Bolshevik revolution using pigs, dogs, horses and other farm animals. The much expected revolution had animals in the beginning saying ""Four legs good, two legs bad"" and towards the end of the satire the sheep's were bleating ""Four legs good, two legs better"" and the pigs (the ruling class) were walking on their hind legs. It's the story of a revolution gone bad, the wicked and the scheming taking over and the lot of the ordinary working class staying as is or perhaps even worse. The characters Napoleon and Snowball represent Stalin and Trotsky  while Squealer and Minimus represents Stalin's sycophants. It's fairly good; however, I'm not sure why this book is a literary masterpiece though. It's a fairly simple mapping of the main characters of the Russian revolution to farm animals with a decent dose of humor sprinkled here and there. It's popularity (and addition to the school curriculum) could perhaps be attributed to the ""Red scare""?"
"It was a  very interesting concept- the idea of animals taking on the characteristics of politicians is very creative. The concept is related to that of a changing society and changing times; laws must constantly be  maintained in order to encompass all different types of people and  situations. In the beginning of the story, the animals decided to revolt.  This was in an effort to follow the ideas of Major, the old, wise pig. Once  the revolt had occured and the animals had taken control,the pigs decided  they needed leaders and that they were perfect. The other animals were  almost forced to be dependent on the pigs because the pigs created an  enviornment in which they were the main source of information. This led to  great difficulties between each of the different species, and the animals  began to question the authority of the pigs. This created an entire new  world of chaos, in which the animals had not just revolted against the  humans, but were now in a sense having a revolution inside the world they  had created on their own."
It is a great book on the differences between humans and animals and how animals have opinions and can build a government of their own if they wanted too.
"From the four legs good, two legs bad creed, to the ever-morphing seven commandments ending in the memorable some animals are more equal than others, this powerful novella is one that will linger in memory for a long time (in fact, its been almost two decades since I last read it and, still, reading it again now felt like I had only last put the book down just yesterday).This storys parallels to the now-dismantled Soviet Union are obvious, but the brilliant lessons on the inevitable nature of government and powernamely, that power corruptsare lessons that transcend any one country or any one era, and exemplify the corruption that we see again and again throughout history, even in our modern era. (Not to politicize this review, but I can easily draw quite a number of parallels to the current resurgence in the United States of the welfare state, with the Democrats in government increasingly presuming to know whats best for everyone.)Written in such an easy and concise style, this is one book that should be on everyones reading list."
"Everyone should read this at least once in his or her life.  I taught it to middle school kids and high schoolers, but its just as gripping to adults."
"This is one of those book, like 1984, that you pick something up, or learn something new every time you read it. I've read the book about 20 times.The very essence of this book was not to promote capitalism, as the first movie intended. It was written as a scare tactic against a totalitarian society and for ""democratic socialism"".It explored why socialism, with power in the hands of a small group of people could be corrupted. Human nature dictates that people are greedy, and will take advantage of others whenever in the proper situation. The seven commandments that put Napoleon into power were broken in the end. The whole idea that there can be leaders in socialism is ludacris. Socialism is about equality.Snowball, on the other hand, seems to have had good intentions. But these are clouded by greed. Snowball dosen't object at the first time the commandments are broken, when the pigs recieve all the milk and apples.Very well thought our characters, a good symbolic story line and other ironic twists make this a good story."
"With all the hype I was a little disappointed with Animal Farm. The premise is good - an allegory where farm animals take over their human masters, set up a government and satirise the excesses of left and right wing dictatorships in the process.However, it does get a little silly. And I don't mean that it's written a bit like a children's book or a fairy tale - that's the point. I think that the satire is often about as subtle as a sledgehammer. It is a tad repetitive which is ironic because it mocks the songs and anthems of the Animal Farm as repetitive propaganda. Seems that Orwell had some anti-propaganda propaganda of his own.The idea of the Animal Farm is a great one but would probably have been better as a short story. It just doesn't sustain the impact over 100 pages. To see a satire/allegory that does one only has to turn to the classic Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift.So, an interesting book - but good, not great."
"Pigs, of course, are the typically greedy animals. Seldom do we have the chance to see in such detail this quality of them as in Animal Farm, by George Orwell. This book was a unique insight into farm life, on a farm that is itself quite unique. Although it frustrated me to no end, I really enjoyed reading Animal Farm. Perhaps somewhere between the animals learning to write and Boxer being taken away for glue, I began to see them as more than simply animals. Of course, George Orwell didn't mean this book to be taken at only its surface value. I give high praise to him for creating such an interesting plot line, while modeling it directly after actual events. I think it is brilliant to represent views on a topic in such an appealing way. From reading this book, I learned much about the totalitarian system in Russia in the early 1900's. Since the events in the book so closely paralleled the actual Russian revolution, it was easy to make connections between, for instance, Bolshevik's Revolution and the overthrowing of Manor Farm. My absolute favorite part of the book is the ending. It was satisfying for me, having the pigs end up as humans. I couldn't stand having them representing their fellow animals. Although they were just as horrible as humans, I felt better that they were separated more from the animals, and at least the animals wouldn't still be deceived into thinking they were all equal. One part I disliked was when Boxer was taken away and killed. I couldn't stand when Squealer came back with his blatant lies, and the animals were too stupid to see it. Except, of course, Benjamin. He was my favorite character. He saw what was going on, and in his wisdom, knew he couldn't stop it. Until one of his best friend's life was threatened, he refused to be involved. I was very impressed by him. So as a whole, although the despicable pigs caused me much anguish in their actions, I enjoyed this book. I would recommend it to a friend, and would like to read other books by George Orwell. Hopefully they will catch me up in the story, as this one did. I might like them better if they had less pigging out though!"
"Throughout the book, Animal Farm, George Orwell keeps the reader guessing and analyzing.  Will the animals revolt and if so who will be the leader?  This is an example of the endless possibilities of the plot.  It is also well thought out and has many deep and descriptive allegories. With a little background on Russian history, I could see that an animals actions well describes the person in real life.  Napoleon, also Stalin, is very greedy for power and manipulates the beliefs of the animals to get what he wants.  Some examples show how wrong and ridiculous Stalin's actions were such as Stalin's Great Purge.  Boxer, representing the working class was subject to Napoleon's propaganda and was taken advantage of many times.  George Orwell often showed his point by creating interesting characters. By reading Animal Farm, I learnt lots about the rise and flaws of totaltalarism.  It began with the people being mistreated, as the animals were by Mr. Jones.  Then they developed an idea for a revolution, as Major did, and later carried it out.  Once their empire was established, it seemed to be perfect.  In Animal Farm -the animals had the food they wanted, the freedom they wanted, and controlled their lives.  However this utopia did not last and soon flaws begin to appear.  Stalin and Trotsky fight for power and eventually Trotsky, Snowball, is thrown out.  From there on Stalin's power only gets greater and by the end the way the animals lived is back too or even worse then before the revolution began.  The book Animal Farm shows the reader how the totaltalarism system rose and defeated its purpose. The book was enjoyable because it was interesting and easy, being able to relate to everyday life, while making a strong point.  I could picture the animals have daily jobs such as weeding the fields or harvesting the crops.  This was a lot easier than reading about a society and time that was a lot different than today.  I also liked the development and depth of each of the characters.  For example, although old and quiet, Benjamin lived long and always seemed to be unchangeable I his view.  Boxer was a hard worker that, although not very smart, cared about his farm and comrades.  Animal Farm, easy to relate to and having deep characters, taught me a lot. While reading Animal Farm the events and characters change my feelings and emotions towards everyone.  At first I favored all the animals hoping they would rebel and live a successful happy life. However as Napoleon became over-powerful and created an unpleasant life.  By the end of the book I felt that the farm would be better still under the control of Mr. Jones.  Napoleon, my least favorite character, did not have dignity or honor.  He took advantage of the animals, who couldn't read or write and worst of all, sold the life of Boxer for money.  Overall Napoleon was an untruthful character that only cared about himself. Although the book was well concluded, displaying the main point of the book, it was very unpleasant to think of all the good things wasted and turned bad.  All the work the animals completed, all the energy and sacrifices made, their goals and dreams, disappeared.  I felt bad for the animals such as Boxer who were made to believe that everything they did helped themselves when it really only made things worse for them and better for the cruel leader.  However this sad ending wrapped up the entire story. I would recommend this book to any friend, George Orwell presenting the information of Russian totaltalarism in a very interesting and intriguing way.  I would also read other novels written by the author because he was very creative in this writing.  Animal Farm, even though presented in a silly way, was very informative and influential."
"The title may be a little deceiving; Animal Farm is no children's fairy tale about a farmer happily living in symbiosis with his animals. Animal Farm's main objective proves to be a satire about the totalitarianism and an allegory to the communist rise in Russia. Through surreal circumstances, George Orwell conveys the development of a totalitarian society on a farm in England. The animals oust the farmer while the pigs, which are the cleverest and wittiest animals, assume power, just as Stalin took hold of Russia after the fall of Tsar Nicholas II and death of Vladimir Lenin. Throughout the book, unexpected and deplorable events plague the farm, as the animals are mistreated unknowingly through the use of propaganda. Orwell keeps the reader engrossed in the novel as events are ceaselessly happening at every twist and turn. A perfect villain, the pig napoleon, portrays Stalin and slowly destroys the moral and the will of the animals through perpetual and ever growing subtle oppression and manipulation. Napoleon was the obvious choice for least favorite character, while Benjamin, the old donkey added to the novel with cynical comments and remarks foreshadowing of events, was a favorite character. I liked the constant action and flow of events, as well as the underlying morals and messages conveyed through the animals' actions. It was also interesting to trace Russian history with the events of the book, and one will find that Orwell slyly incorporated many events into the book, such as the exile of Trotsky and the formation of the KGB. However, the ending, although politically satisfying to the satire aspect of the book, leaves much to be desired about the well-being of the farm; for Orwell closes with the animals unable to distinguish the pigs between the humans, whom they were trying to liberate themselves from in the first place, yet the future of the farm appears just trail off spiraling downwards. Also, the fate of Snowball, the pig who assumes the allegoric character of Trotsky, is left unknown. Orwell mentions Snowball's whereabouts in passing and many times it is possibly misconstrued through Napoleon's propaganda. Through reading the novel, I gained erudition in the area of Russian history as well as knowledge into the character of humans and the corruption that can be caused by power. I also learned much about the concepts of propaganda, totalitarianism, and communism. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys books with profound philosophy towards the character of humans or those who enjoy political satires. For those just looking for an entertaining story, Animal Farm does not lack in a compelling storyline, but has symbolism that is much deeper than the literal action. This being my first George Orwell novel, I would look forward to reading any other books written by him, for I enjoy his style of writing and enjoy the greater morals dealing with society and human character. Though ironic that such a profound lesson can be taught through the simplest of creatures, this book is another reminder that sometimes the simple things in life are the most important."
"""Four legs good, two legs better!""While reading the book Animal Farm by George Orwell, I was bewildered and enlightened by the historical significance of his representation of key figures in Russian history with animals on the farm. He used these animals to portray the evils of a totalitarian government, and what happens to society under one. He was also able to explain many other issues such as the use of propaganda to deceive the lower class, which is what my opening quote is an example of. I'd have to say my favorite character in the story was the faithful horse Boxer. He was not the brightest of animals, but worked as hard as he could down to his dying breath.  He may not have been working for the right reasons, but he always did the best he could no matter what. His motto was ""I must work harder"" which is a perfect example of how he always tried to do his best. My least favorite character, on the other hand, was the horse Mollie. Mollie was too interested in the affairs of humans, and was not very faithful to her companions on the farm. She was easily lured into slavery again by being bribed and petted by a farmer. She did not really like life on the farm without Mr. Jones because she was unused to not having any care or assistance from humans. I like Animal Farm a lot.  Not only was it a good story, but it also provided some excellent examples of the totalitarian government at work. From previous discussion, I was able to associate the animals with the specific historical figure they represented, which made my reading much more interesting. I think George Orwell is an excellent storyteller and his writings have great influence on people, even today. His expertise and writing satires and allegories are apparent in Animal Farm, which pokes fun at the totalitarian governmental system, and each character and event in the story is representative of something deeper than the literal meaning. I learned much about the history of Russia in the early 1900's and the rulers that took power.  I also learned about key figures such as Josef Stalin and Carl Marx, and their political backgrounds. All of this information I would have never known and never researched had I not read Animal Farm. I thought George Orwell did an excellent job of creating a cliffhanger to end the story. The way he ended it may be interpreted as incomplete to some, but really it represents how the cycle of revolutions continue, because cruel leaders continue to take power and oppress the people (in this case, animals). I would recommend this book to anyone that is interested in history or politics because of its political and historical content relating to Russian history and the Soviet Union. I think I would definitely read more books by George Orwell because he is brilliant when it comes to using his imagination to recreate past events in history in different scenarios, like he did with the animals on the farm.  Animal Farm is an excellent piece of literature and should be read by everyone interested in politics."
"Animal Farm, a book full of ""pig""-headed beasts! When reading this book my emotions ranged from being sympathetic with the animals in the beginning to pitying the animals for their stupidity. I felt bad when Mr. Jones would work the animals hard and only feed them enough to get by. But my sympathy turned to pity when the animals fell for Napoleons propaganda (squealer's speeches). After finishing the book I realized how bad totalitarianism is and despised Napoleon for becoming such a power hungry ""pig"". My favorite character was probably Clover. She was my favorite because she was pretty smart and didn't always agree with Napoleon right away. She questioned his and the other pigs' behavior. She was the only animal that would realize every time Napoleon  changed a commandment. She was also very nurturing and mother like towards the other animals. I really liked how everything in the book paralleled something in Russian history. It was really interesting to try and figure out what everything meant. I also really liked the book because it was an easy read and I had no trouble trying to figure out what happened. George Orwell did a wonderful job showing how totalitarianism is bad and eventually will not work in favor of the people or animals in this case. I really enjoyed how he used a story about animals to explain the effects of totalitarianism. It turned something that otherwise could be a boring subject into a story about a farm. I learned a lot about totalitarianism in this book. I knew that it was bad prior to reading the book but I had no idea how it affected the people the so badly. I always used to wonder why the people never fought against a dictator but after reading this book I realize that sometimes the people don't even now how bad they have it. I thought that the end of the book was sort of disappointing. I wanted the ending to include a big downfall of Napoleon since he was such a horrible leader to the animals. But instead the book ended with Napoleon being happy and still in control. There are a few things I still don't understand. I don't know what the windmill in the book represents in Russian history. I also didn't understand the ending. Why couldn't you tell the difference between the pigs and the humans? and What does that represent in history? I would definitely recommend this book. It is a very interesting book to read in either an English class or a history class. I wouldn't recommend this book to someone to read outside of school because the book is much more interesting when you can compare it to the Russian history. I don't know if I would read another book by this author. This particular book was interesting because it was so accurately representing an actual country's government. I might read another book by this author if there was another book that included this quality. Overall Animal Farm is an ""oink""-ing good time to read!"
"Have you ever seen a horrible movie, watched a great movie or even read a repulsive book, or read a breathtaking one? You can always have ideas or feelings on what you watch and read. These feelings are known as movie or book reviews. After reading the book Animal Farm by George Orwell, I have many different feelings on this book, which is going to be known as my book review.  In the process of reading this book, I have various emotions on the book and the author. George Orwell brought the real life events into a book by relating the books characters to those of real life. I feel this was a spectacular way to teach readers about outside events that were occurring. Each character mirrored a real life human or a representation of an event. Examples of this are in Russian History there were leaders of communism and that all people were equal. Leaders of communism were Carol Marx, Lenin, and Trotsky. In Animal Farm, a pig known as Snowball mirrors Trotsky. Lenin and Marx were both represented by the boar named Old Major. Overall, I feel that George Orwell was a good writer in being able to mirror real life events. Throughout the whole book, I could realize as the reader what point George Orwell was trying to get across. To any upcoming reader, in giving advice I would definitely brush up on some Russian History between the times of 1850's - 1900's. I had many emotions for this books text. At the beginning of the book when Animals took over I really enjoyed reading of the leadership skills and what happened around the farm. After everything during the middle of the book, I noticed this book was very page turning, which led to me being frustrated of what were the upcoming events. In the middle-end part of the book,  when Napoleon took over I noticed what was happening to the animals and it caused me to feel very heartbreaking and discouraged of the way they lived. Generally, the book made me have various emotions. For the ending however, it was a very different ending then most books, which made this book exciting, you basically had to think like you are in the authors mind. I liked everything about this book, except that for some parts where it tended to drag onward and left the readers confused in the path that is going to lead ahead. This frustrated me, but probably for most people made the book more exciting. I learned actually a lot from this book, in first learning about the Russian History before I read about it and then knowing that the animals were reflections of real people. I could actually feel and relate to how they must have felt during the time of dictatorship. If someone didn't understand clearly about this portion of Russian history they learned about, then Animal Farm was a good way to clear up any not knowing or mystification. I would surely recommend this book to anyone that likes books that relate to real life. There also was a bit of humor, and  eye events that caught me tight into the book. If you do not like to relate things to real life, this definitely would not be a book for you to read because personally if you didn't like to relate to real life events you  would be left in confusion of where the author was going with the book. This book was difficult to pick a favorite character because some characters were not explained well, or didn't have enough information to grasp about that character. Personally I feel my favorite character was Mollie the mare. She loves being pampered and groomed by the humans and didn't like the change of the new farm. On some aspects, but not all  I am like Mollie. I don't like change what so ever and when I get used to something I have difficulty in liking the change. Another character that I liked was Snowball the pig because he shows many leadership qualities and knows when to take charge. My least favorite character was Napoleon since he was so power hungry. In life I dislike any person that is so power hungry that they don't care of aspects or other people beneath them, which shows they are not true heroes. Specifically, I had a clear understanding of the book, which didn't leave me with any questions what so ever on the novel. But, I would have had a difficulty understanding if I didn't comprehend the types of meanings George Orwell was trying to give to the book. I would without doubt read another book by George Orwell, if they had the same aspects of Animal Farm. I enjoyed reading the book, knowing and grasping the aspects of real life to the book. Books are your own opinion if you are going to like them or not, it all depends if you like how the author writes.  The books I like mostly relate to reality, and as Oscar Wilde once said, ""The books that the world calls immoral are the books that show the world its own shame."""
"Animal Farm could quite possibly be one of the best satires ever written. Published in 1945, Orwell's purpose in writing this book was the abolition of totalitarianism. Through the use of allegories in his writing portraying a farm where the animals rebel, Orwell is able to make logical arguments against the political tyranny happening during his time in Russia. Orwell's work is a very exciting piece of literature. Orwell's genius was able to create a children's book that had a much deeper message than those common to children's books. Orwell uses action to keep his readers involved. Action is constantly happening throughout the book. Every page turn reveals an unexpected twist. Without the unexpected surprises, this book would not be the legend that it is today. My favorite character in Animal Farm is Boxer. Boxer, a horse on the farm, is a very interesting character. While not very smart, Boxer is the workhorse (no pun intended) of the operation. His motto, ""I will work harder,"" frequently inspires other animals to do their part in the operations of the farm. Boxer exhibits qualities that the other animals wish that they had. I also admire the effort and devotion that Boxer puts into his everyday tasks. I learned a lot from reading Animal Farm, especially about the history surrounding the rise of totalitarian governments. It is interesting to parallel the events that occur in the book with events that happened in the real world. From the Bolshevik Revolution to the exile of Trotsky, Orwell doesn't forget any events. The book is written very well and gives a very good lesson at the end. Orwell masterly weaves the book together in the last chapter when the animals realize that they can't tell the difference between their new rulers (the pigs) and their old ruler (Farmer Jones). They realize that they are not better off than they were before their revolution. There is only one question left in my mind. I wonder what happened to Snowball, the pig that represented Trotsky. Once he is exiled, Orwell never mentions his whereabouts definitely. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys stories with underlying morals. It is amazing how complexly Orwell was able to write this book. Readers will enjoy the parallels to historical events. I would recommend looking over the history of Communism before reading this book; then you will be able to appreciate the great thought that Orwell put into this book. Although I have not read any other books by Orwell, I would definitely not hesitate to read one. I have heard great reviews of his other books, and am convinced that he is a great author. Just after reading Animal Farm, I would recommend any Orwell books to anyone. Orwell spent much thought when writing this book; don't let this go to waste. Through satires like Orwell's, we may be able to prevent other mistakes from happening in the future. This book has influenced me in more than one way. Not only have I learned about totalitarianism, but now whenever I think about slacking off I remember the words of Boxer and think, ""I will work harder."""
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is a very entertaining, informative book that can be read quickly and accurately.There were many points throughout the book where different emotions could have been forced upon the reader. There were pointswhen I felt sad, such as when boxer was taken away to the horse slaughterer, shocked, when the animals were executed, andhappy for the animals after they had triumphed in chasing Jones from the farm. In the end, however, I felt dissappointed in theway one did not get to see the animals start another rebeliion against the new ""humans.""Boxer was my favorite character in the book because of his optimistic attitude towards all elements of Animal farm. His hard-working attitude is something to be proud of, and is demonstrated through his motto, ""I will work harder.""I enjoyed the overall plot line and particularly how simple it really was, in itself. However, when applied to Russian history it requiresa higher level of thinking. The ending did not give too much closure, but the book was written to show the cycle of totalitarianism, andgiving closure would signify that the cycle ends, which is not the case.By reading the book, it helped me to understand more fully the events in Russian history dealing with Stalin, Lenin, and Trotsky, inaddition to other elements of the situation.Although it is safe to assume that the animals begin another rebellion against the changed Napolean, it is not specified in the bookwhether they do so or not.I would recommend this book to a friend and I would like to read other books by this author because of his clean-cut, straight-forwardstyle, which is a welcome break from more complex books. It is also effective in illustrating not only the events in Russian history specifically, butalso the steps leading to totalitarianism.If you are reading this review and have not yet read Animal Farm, I urge you to stop reading reviews, go out and acquire a copy and startreading today."
"""Political language. . . is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind."" This quote was spoken by George Orwell (Eric Blair) who was the author of the novel Animal Farm.  Orwell always opposed the idea of both capitalism and communism. His distorted feelings showed throughout this novel by using characters such as Snowball and Napoleon to represent historic figures of Trotsky and Stalin.Throughout the novel, my feelings were torn on which character to side with. At the beginning, I felt a shot of sadness when Mr. Jones is unexpectedly forced away from his house. He and his family are corrupted by those that he thought he could trust. However, soon my emotions sided with Snowball. Snowball felt that all animals were equal and wanted the farm to prosper. However, Napoleon was more concerned with himself and taking the authority from Snowball.  I felt anger towards Napoleon and his selfish power struggle with Snowball. He disregarded any of Snowball's accomplishments in order to raise his own ego. For example, after Snowball is removed from the farm, Napoleon produces Snowballs idea of a windmill as his own. Near the end of the novel, I resented that the other farm animals did not stand up to Napoleon after his power hungry acts. The fear that these animals held, due to Napoleons zero tolerance of being challenged, was horrific. As one can see, feelings of anger, sorrow, and trust were all obtained when reading this novel.My favorite character in the novel was Benjamin. An old, cold-hearted donkey that was quiet yet very intelligent. He was able to see the changes in the pigs and how the rebellion against humans was failing. He is able to comprehend the power struggle between Napoleon and Snowball and see the unpleasantness of life that was to be in the future. Benjamin's stubbornness and intelligence to be persuaded to enjoy life under Napoleon made him my favorite character.The best part of the book was the commandments. I thought that the making of commandments served as the grounding for the book. I found it interesting how Napoleon was able to slip through the loop holes of the commandments in order to do what he pleased. The fact that the animals did not oppose Napoleon, even though they had a distinct feeling that he had rearranged them, was unusual. The commandments showed that many power-hungry leaders will change policies and regulations in order to better receive what they want.Conversely, my least favorite part of the book was the absent-minded animals, who did not assume responsibility for overthrowing their leader. Even after dreading each day's heavy workload and receiving a meager amount of food, the animals did not question the actions of their leader. The killing of fellow animals, sleeping in a warm house, and trading with humans did not even send a slight occurrence of rebellion. If I was one of the animals, I would have tried to overthrow Napoleon, in order to receive a better life for all.I thought that George Orwell did a fantastic job at writing Animal Farm.  Considering the time period it was written, it took a lot of courage to write such a contrasting novel. His ideas on what world would be like without capitalism was very impressive. I enjoyed how Orwell wrote about his feelings towards the world he lived in and how it could be improved.From reading this book I learned many things. I never knew of the contrasting leader, Trotsky and Stalin. This novel taught me many things such as the Bolshevik revolution and the overthrow of Czar Nicholas. Without reading this novel, I would not know of the past Russian history.The ending of the book caused a slight disappointment. Orwell's ending seemed to argue that life will never be better than what it is. He writes that the pigs are the same as the cruel human farmers. The frustration that life and government will never become great is a sheer lack of trust of better tomorrow. Although this book is well written, the ending is slightly pessimistic.Animal Farm was an easy read that was not very confusing. The only trouble a reader may have is relating this novel to Russian history. However, even by having a brief background of the revolution, this novel is straightforward and uncomplicated.I would certainly recommend this book to a friend. It fairy-tale imagination of pigs running a farm was funny and intriguing. The humor and information in this novel was what made it interesting to read. I believe that no matter the gender, students and adults would enjoy this novel.Later I would like to read another novel by George Orwell. His humorous content and informative writing caused me to strive to finish the novel. I thought this novel was very well written in the fact that it was very organized. I could easily read Animal Farm without being confuse. If Orwell's other novel is like this one, I would definitely read it.Orwell portrays in this novel, that although Napoleon and the other pigs start out with good intentions, they soon change. The existence of power can cause people to hurt others in order to gain it. Power can corrupt anyone into doing wrong at any moment of time.  As George Orwell once said, ""On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time."""
"While this book is clearly a satire on the Russian Revolution, what fascinated me the most was how, decades and decades later, it still applies to us today.I was especially fascinated by the role of Squealer, the propagandist for the leader of Animal Farm.  It struck me how well he was able to protect the leaders by using common scare tactics (""Listen to Napoleon or Mr. Jones will come back"") and changing the rules, or commandments, to suit the desires of Napoleon (adding the words ""in excess"" to the commandment that animals are not to drink liquor).This book explores the possibility of a utopian society and is closely fashioned to the vision of the communist party.  While its founders have good intentions (Ol' Major and Snowball), the downfall comes from overzealous, greedy, and corrupted leaders (Napoleon).  Can Utopia be created?There are many, many lessons to be learned from this book.  There is something for us all, especially if you are interested at all in politics.  It is good to remember this book so that we, unlike the animals on Animal Farm, don't slowly become enslaved by the leaders sworn to protect us.Notice the word slowly.  At the beginning, a revolution takes place where the Animals take over the farm, establish their noble 7 commandments of Animalism, and the people appoint Napoleon and Snowball to guide them in their new society.  Napoleon is quick to take power from Snowball and begins using Animal Farm for his own greedy purposes.  He abandons and changes the rules of Animalism to suit his purposes.  Old traditions, such as the anthem sung by Ol' Major and the markings on the flags symbolizing the work of the common beast, are done away with.  So are the committees created by Snowball for the improvement of the animals.  Napoleon surrounds himself by bodyguards and, through an act of cleansing many of his enemies, begins to rule the farm in fear.  No animal seems too shocked when the pigs begin to walk upright like their enemy, but are more shocked to see the whips come out again.  In the end, the leaders become the very people that Animal Farm was created to be protected from and are duped into a worst lifestyle than was given to them previously for the welfare of the leaders.  This didn't happen overnight, this happened over the course of a few years.  In fact, most of the animals on Animal Farm weren't even part of the original revolution."
"this book is written to criticize Stalin and the soviet empire. it shows how the revolution was honorable and positive, but lead to nothing new but the same treatment, just under new leadership.one thing to remember, George Orwell was a socialist. he believed in socialism. but what he saw in the Soviet Union was an aberration of that. the Soviet Union, under both Lenin and Stalin became a totalitarian state--something that Orwell goes into much deeper in 1984--and not worthy of praise as a true socialist empire."
"So much written about this book, let us not belabor the obvious.  The only comment I have is that one aspect that I admire, is that this book has the fascination of keeping the ""humanity"" of characters in the background but it is there.  It is much like medieval allegory.  At the end of the tale, you heart must simply break over the fate of the poor steady horse who understands nothing of what is going on but senses something is wrong, yet his answer to this made world is to work harder.  Read it and weep."
"George Orwell's classic, Animal Farm is not exactly your ""happily ever after story"" but instead it's more like ""Ha, that's what you get story!""  This book is an easy read yet so addictive that a young teen up to a well-read adult will enjoy this story.  It reveals that there will always be greed and betrayal in the animal kingdom whether you are human or a pig.  I recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a story with a different pace.  Just be prepared, you never know who or ""what"" you can trust!!!"
"I have read Animal Farm twice.  Once as a student and once as a history teacher.  Both times this book was great.  I have not liked many of the books I had to read in High School, a seperate peace, Lord of the Flies,  Shakespeare etc. and I am not a fan of the novel I am required to assign,  All Quiet on the Western Front.  However, Animal Farm is an exception.  Well written, fun to read, short, and the best history of the Russian  Revolution you can find.  Anyone who wants to know about Communism and  Stalin should read this book.  It is brilliant.  This book is required  reading that actually deserves that status."
"I recently reread this book after 25 years.  In the 1970s, as a student, I was led to believe this book was about the USSR.  It's not.  It's about us and what we've become.  It's about what happens when a well-intentioned but clueless cultural elite presumes to speak for everyone.  It's about what happens when the masses ""go along to get along"" instead of standing up and fighting for what is morally and ethically right.  I hope it ends better for us than it did for the animals."
"Although published at the end of WWII, the novel is an outspoken critic of Stalin and his (in some views) corruption of Communism.  At the beginning, the animals are  much more aligned with Communism with the overthrow of their human owners.  As the book progresses, their political structure of the ""community"" shifts to a totalitarian (Stalin) regime.  One note that I find interesting is the strong message that control of the media and information is key to maintaining power."
"genius!George Orwell depicted the political and business scene back in the 1940's, and seems not a lot has changed since then!!! I enjoyed the read and finished the book in a day. Orwell managed to make readers relate to the story, and connect actual figures (whether in business or politics), to the story characters (according to my friends, who also read the story, I am Benjamine!)..Very recommended light, yet straight to the point, read.."
"Why write the 1,040 the review of anything other than to wholeheartedly agree with those below who have already stated that this is a remarkable work of political satire and allegory, perhaps the greatest ever produced.Orwell takes on the Soviet revolution with thinly disguised animals filling in for the major players and the success of this book is indicated by it's timeles appeal. A lesson for the ages.AS the WHO said... ""meet the new boss.....same as the old boss"""
"It was a Saturday afternoon, and I had to read Animal Farm by Thursday. I opened it up and couldn't put it down. I read it in a modest 2 hours.We had just finished Great Expectations in class, and that book was painfully hard to read. Animal Farm was a refreshing change. It isn't written Dickens' style, it's just a simple book, and it's the Theme that's important.Highly recommended for a pleasure book, even."
"Because the animals occupy key stage in this metaphorical/symbolic story of social power versus social corruption, it removes the defense barriers-- so principles stand out in the end. If Orwell had featured humans for this message--it would have sidetracked us from the issue. Animal Farm is almost a sosphisticated fairy tale with a powerful moral value; making its greatest power social statements made via animal's lives."
"A sister of sorts to Orwell's monumental 1984, Animal Farm is an engrossing, entertaining, at times hilarious, and utterly scathing satire, a brilliantly aimed, razor-sharp literary poisoned dart. Although its target was Stalinist Russia (anybody who even paid a little bit of attention in their European History class could see the parallels), specificity hasn't dated this novel by an instant; As a darkly moralistic fable, its message still resounds with crystal clarity to this day (and all the days to follow, I imagine, until humanity falls off the face of the earth). What we have here is a depiction of hope at its most nave, revolution at its most futile, fascism at its most dangerously subtle, and human (er, animal) nature at its most dangerously human. Of course, it doesn't hurt that the story is both hilarious and heartbreaking, full darkly skewed fairy tale dynamics and all-too-human characters. Plus, you can read the whole thing in one or two sittings. If they didn't make you read this in high school, do yourself a favor and pick up a copy."
"Animal Farm is a great story of a revolution brought about by the animals of a farm. Animal Farm may be read as a simple story of a good idea gone bad or complex political ideology of a good idea gone badly. Either way, this is a delightful tale.I also recommend 1984. The pigs represent the politicians. They are Major, Snowball, Squealer, and Napoleon.Farmer Jones represents the Czar.Animals represent the means of production.Animals sneaking into house and attacking Jones represents the Red Guard storming the Winter Palace.Farmer's friends represent the Imperial Guard.Farms represent NationsThis particular farm represents RussiaReformed farm represents Soviet RussiaThe farms that the idea spreads to represent North Korea, Vietnam, China, Cuba, etc.Major represents Vladimir Lenin.Snowball represents Trotsky.Napoleon represents Stalin.Squealer represents Nikita Khrushchev.Dogs represent Secret Police.Napoleon's paranoia obviously represents Stalin's paranoia."
"This story is a great balance of easy reading and deep storyline. The writing style is simplistic, but the meaning behind it and the political implications are certainly not. After reading Farehnheit 451, it only seemed right to read another book that was once banned and considered controversial. Pretty amazing how both of these books pack such a hard message and contain such realistic fiction in less than 150 pages.To look at the book as fiction, as just a story (which is very hard to do), it's not amazing by any means, but the uniqueness of Animals overthrowing their master and starting live on their own is pretty enjoyable still.I don't know what else to say. 1400+ reviews are here for the book, and certainly there are better ones than mine, from more perceptive readers as well as people more familair with the historical sigficance. As for me, the bottom line was this: the story kept me reading, I enjoyed it a lot, and the ending was strong. If you asked me whether this was worth reading, I' say ""100% worth it."""
"When you look at the cover of this novel, you would not think that novel would be any good, since it was based on animals. Orwell did a wonderful job at portaying the animals as Stalin and his soldiers. Throughout the novel there is constant change and nothing is able to stay the same. The more power Napoleon recieves, the worse the animals on the farm are being treated. More and more they are becoming slaves and they do not have enough knowledge to realize this till it is too late. The animals go beyond their dreams and make things happen for themselves. Yet they realize that it takes more then hopes and dreams to fill the farm with crops and their pockets with money. Slowly they loose focus of why the expelled Jones and took control. Napoleon takes control of the farm and unhappiness runs throughout the farms for years. This was a good novel and I would recommend this novel. Yet I wonder how the farm turned out in the years to come after they saw Napoleon and the other pigs walking on two legs and drinking an excess amount of alcohol."
"Animal Farm  David RomanowiczMod 4 This story is about how animals took over a farm and how they maintain it. The leaders of the farm are the pigs, they are the smarts and they us there brains to use the other animals. My favorite part of this book is when the pigs sell Boxer to the glue making place. The pigs try to trick the other animals by telling them that he is going to the hospital. But the wise old billy goat read the side of the van and figured out that Boxer was going to be killed. So he tells the other animals about what's going on and they all start to chase the van but don't catch him. After that there pissed at the pig that smooth talk there way out of the trouble. This is one of my all time favorite books. It's one those books that you can read over and over and find new details that you did not find the last time you read it. This book is short but very hard to read, Orwell buts in a lot of details and parts that make you think about how these animals are so clever or stupid."
"Animal Farm is about animals that are mistreated so they take over the Manor Farm. The pigs were the smartest animals on the farm they were in charge. One of the pigs betrayed the farm so he was banished. The lead pig was actually a boar. His name was Napoleon. In the book there is two wars. The wars were vicious and cruel. The animals tried and succeeded at building a windmill, but then the pig that betrayed them destroyed it overnight. After two long years a bigger and better windmill was built. Then the horrible thing happened, other farmers came and destroyed the windmill with sticks of dynamite. After several months the strongest animal on the farm, his name was Boxer, died because Napoleon sent him to a glue factory. Many years later the animals were hard at work and the pigs were just like humans. To me the book was confusing and hard to figure out. I liked how the animals could talk. The number one thing I did not like about the book was how none of the animals stood up to Napoleon. I did not like the ending the author made."
"This book is a fable, Orwell's prediction of how Communism would work. The story is about how a bunch of animals took over a farm from humans, installing a government that started working perfectly as it was based on idealistic concepts, but turned corrupt with time. An excellent plot review is available in this page's editorial review. The book is short and very easy too read (almost to easy), the narrative is simple and entertaining, again, like a fable.But what is the strongest side of Animal Farm? For me, the time period when it was written. This means, that today you will enjoy this book, but not as much as somebody who read it when it was first published. For example, if you read the book thinking that it was written last year, you would probably think that it's ok, another interesting form of telling the story of Communism, but just that. To really appreciate the novel you have to bear in mind who Orwell was and when did he write the book.But it is definetely a worth reading novel, a well spent couple of hours."
"the first time i read the book, it was for fun, i didn't think about how it could have related to a real event. the second time i read it, it was for my 8th grade teacher this year, and i finally realized that the story wasn't made up with a really good plot line, i knew that the events had really occoured and that Orwell had used farm anaimals to represent real people. this, i thought, was very clever and a good way to teach young people russan history, let them read the story and when they have finnished it, tell them that it had really happened. They should try and point out who the animals represent and why they were needed for the story to take place. Snowball, the clean innosent one was a good name for someone who really wanted to help. Napolian was a name for the strong milatary type. and the name boxer conveyed sheer strength to the readers.  all and all, i think a lot of this book and if you have a chance, try and read it, then look up what really happened. it's facinating  Julie S. age 14"
"Timeless book. Even after the October Revolution, this book is still VERY much the guideline of a lot of contemporary governments.This book should be obligatory reading for ALL our children, all over the world. Make them read this when they are young (15-16), then make them read it again when they are older (19 or so). I know I will.If Mr. Orwell was still alive, I believe he would have paid with his own money to have this book distributed among some ""progressist"" governments of the 21st century. His vision and accurate description of the process by which some ""animals"" become ""more equal"" than others is just perfect for 2014, just as it was in 1945.I will certainly ask some people if they see themselves as either dogs, sheep, or the clever pigs. Though I'm quite sure, some of them will undoubtedly see themselves as the industrious, heroic, and hard working labour horse Boxer.Go read this book. This is truly a MUST in today's global political scenario."
"Is there anything new that can be said about Animal Farm? No, it is simply too well established, too engrained in the English psyche, and has been too scrutinized and dissected...but all this with good reason. It is a terrific example of what a great book can be; brief and to the point, eloquent, relevant, and above all entertaining. Appealing to readers of all ages, it teaches an important lesson about totalitarianism, and even begs the questions - will totalitarianism and despotism always exist, in some form? The book seems to insist that it will, and caution against it, much the same as 1984, but one cant help but smile that it is all happening to a group of animals on a farm... The Centennial edition contains a good amount of additional material, and can help the casual reader gain insight into Orwell's intentions, the parallels with the Russian revolution, ect. I especially enjoyed the forward by Ann Patchett. A timeless classic, and one that could be read in a single sitting, but will stay with you for a long time."
"this was a wonderful book I borrowed it from the school library because my brother had read it and said it was a great book.  In fact it was so good I couln't put it down, I read it in a couple hours when I got home.  It's  about a group of farm animals, the wise old boar has a dream that the  animals should rule there own lifes instead of humans.  Since the pigs are  the smartest they devise a plan to get ride of there master.  They then run  him off the farm.  The animals start running the farm to there liking or  more likly the pig's liking.  Soon the pigs take over and assume the  dictatorship. the pigs start breaking there rules like no killing any  animals no drinking no wearing clothes all animals are equal.  They kill  off all animals that go against and try to find more to work for them.  In  the end the pigs become just like the ones they fear ""humans"".  And the scary thing is what if this really does happen.  It had it's funny  times and sad times over all it was one of the best books I've ever read."
"Reading this book brought home to me this reality:  Orwell was talking about Soviet leaders, but many of our own politicians are not far behind."
"The following message was found near the base of the windmill shortly after the Final Rebellion:Still hiding in haymow to avoid Squealer and dog patrol.We were promised so much if we helped in the overthrow of the humans. But now, the pigs drink all the milk and I get none. Idiots! Snowball can climb a ladder and paint words on the side of the barn but do you think one of them can figure out how to open a tin of tuna for me? I am left with nothing but field mice and the occasional sparrow.Poor Farmer Jones. True, he was a drunken old sot, but plop a dead rabbit at his feet and a saucer of cream was my reward. More than once he squirted warm milk in my mouth, right from the cow's udder.I hate the pigs!Napoleon thinks I am stupid because I spend so much time napping and licking my genitals, but he will be surprised. I am plotting and I am planning. His time will come.That reminds me...must send word to those damn dirty apes to begin the invasion..."
"Tracy Audet Animal Farm by George Orwell is a great book to read.  Orwell uses animals instead of humans for a more interesting approach to  the book.  This book delivers a few important messages that only the reader  can determine. The reason why I like the book is because I think it's  funny picturing all these farm animals talking to each other and kicking  Jones out of the farm.  The book is easy reading and it stays with the same  theme till the last two chapters.  The main theme of the book is ""four-legs  good, two-legs bad"".  The animals get so mixed up in working around the  farm that they end up acting like humans which destroys the theme of  the  book.  In the last few chapters, the pigs are drinking and playing cards  with the humans and saying "" four-legs good, two-legs better"".  I still  think the book is great to read however, the last few chapters show you  that animalism never really existed, and the pigs are just like some  humans, they think they are better than everyone else."
"Take something like Charlottes Web and blend it with the Russian Revolution, shake it up a bit and you have Animal Farm.Animal Farm is a satirical look at totalitarianism, complete government control. The animals are sick of the humans controlling them. They are underfed and caged up and just generally mistreated. The animals decide to start a revolution and they successfully drive the humans away. The pigs are known as the intellectuals so they quickly become the leaders of the animals, Napoleon the bore being the one in charge. With the pigs in charge how much will life really improve?Orwell's prose in this book is absolutely flawless. The scenes really jump out of the pages. Right in the beginning Orwell drops quite a large cast of characters for such a quick read but he fleshes them out so perfectly (and succinctly) that you won't become lost.This is a blazing fast read! Orwell doesn't waste a single word. This is a very memorable book. I can't imagine giving it anything less than 5 stars."
"Lets say that right now you are in school, and ""Animal Farm""  you have to read it for your english class i recomend reading it only in  SCHOOL and not at home, couse if you are going to spend 5 hours to read it  at home you'll hate the book and your teacher couse she took five hours of  life out of you. But if you read it in school you most probobly will give  it your ""5"" rating for trhe following reason's.... ""time  passed by very quickly while you were reading it"" and ""you  actually got a good grade on your report"". Overall this book is NOT  BORING and/or LAME. Like most of them are...and your school-day will fly by  in munutes... enjoy. P.S. i read it too late... teacher gave us a test when  everyone was about on thair 10th page.. (i failed) and when i started  reading it...and knew the book now very well .. she only gave us a quiz (so  my average grade between the TEST & QUIZ is really low. Enough typing ,  got to go to school in the morning. Good luck. :)"
"Animal Farm successfully works as a chilling distillation of human behavior gleaned firsthand by George Orwell during the Spanish Civil War.  He had become -for a time - one of those useful idiot intellectuals, like Hemingway and Dos Passos, who thought fighting for the Loyalists against Franco in the Spanish Civil war was the cat's meow.  However, it wasn't long before every socialist and anarchist brigade on the Loyalist side was being coordinated, staffed and equipped by Soviet Stalinists who first purged their own, and then became every bit as brutal and inhumane as Franco's Nationalists.  At least Orwell and Dos Passos saw the error of their ways.Where the allegory fails, however, is that Orwell puts the literate pigs at the top of the heap and makes less-than-bright barnyard animals unwitting dupes when we all know that super-schooled egghead types on both sides of the political aisle so often fall for utopian mumbo jumbo."
"I enjoyed reading this book because it shows very good the political, industrial and economical situation in Russia in the beginning of Communism. It's a story about a farm with animals. The animals try to free themselves from the cruel and unfair human beings. In the Russian history, the human beings represent the so called capitalists, while the animals are the communists. During the story, the animals try to create a state where everyone is equal and free and where no one has to be hungry. But exactly like in Russian history, there are always people who think that they are superior (or even are), and consequently try to dominate and oppress the others. In Animal Farm, these superior beings are the pigs, who, at the end, behave like there former enemies. So you could say that at the end, the situation for the animals (except from the pigs) isn't better at all, it's even worse! This development is also to be seen in Russian history!  That's why I like this story, because it's kind of authentic!"
"It is difficult to review a book as renown as Animal Farm. Originally published in 1945, Orwells seminal novel has been studied and read and reviewed enough times that there is little chance I have anything original to add to the conversation at this point. So why write a review?Well, dear readers, I write this review to perhaps introduce an important work of art which some may not have previously known. I write this review to encourage a broad range of reading. Beach reads and reading for entertainments sake is a good thing. Reading to learn and to critically think about the work from a socio-political framework is also a good thing. I write this review to encourage my readers to challenge yourselves. Read something that is difficult for you. Read something that makes you uncomfortable. Read something that makes you think about the world differently. To read the rest of my book review, click here: http://thewritereader.blogspot.com/2014/10/80-animal-farm-by-george-orwell.html"
"Animal Farm, the story of a noble minded revolution that culminates in the autocracy of pigs is a fable for revolutionary power seizures everywhere. Yes the parallels with Stalin's Soviet Union are obvious: Old Major as Marx, the primer of the revolutionary ideals; the egalitarianism of 'animalism' (communism); Napoleon the brutish Stalin; Snowball the original revolutionary chased into exile (Trotsky). But the book runs deeper than a simple direct fable of the events in Russia from 1917. The English Civil War is also there, especially Cromwell becoming Lord Protector, taking on the trappings of monarchy - trappings even more untrammeled than the monarchs had previously enjoyed.Orwell was a writer deeply preoccupied, and concerned with the exercise of power wherever he went. This delightful novel reads as Orwell's greatest conceit, conceived to show up the constant problems with inequalities and the exercise of power, whatever the form of society or ideology in place."
George Orwell's Animal Farm is such a classic. It's been many years since I last read it and I found myself thoroughly enjoying it again.
"The book is written by Eric Arthur Blair with the pen name of George Orwell. In this novel he speaks of Communism, why it is actually more of a bane than a boon. He got the idea of writting a book from an animals perspective when one day, he saw a little boy of about 10 years of age driving a huge cart-horse along a narrow path, whipping it whenever it tried to turn. It struck him that if only such animals became aware of their strength humans should have no power over them. He felt that humans exploit animals in much the same way as the rich exploit the proletariat. He thus began to analyse Marxism from the animal's point of view. This book is for both the young and old who are interested to know why Communism is said to be bad when it actually seems to act fairly on paper. Readers will enjoy the irony of Marxism when implemented on the animals, at the same time they learn the vital weaknessess that expels Communism from being an viable alternative in anyway. A must read!"
"This is an excellant short novel that is very enjoyable to read, but is more appreciated if the reader understands the deeper meaning behind the ""fairy story"" that Orwell was trying to convey to the reader.  If  one has read ""Animal Farm"" no doubt they have because either they  read ""1984"" or vice versa.  If not it is a must to read Orwell's  most well known masterpiece, ""1984"", because it strikes a very  similar chord as ""Animal Farm"" does.  And like ""1984"",  ""Animal Farm"" is strikingly prophetic and amazingly accurate in  depicting our government today. At Animal Farm, Napoleon simply changed the  rules pertaining to himself while the others still had to abide by them  much the same way as government creates loopholes today for high-ranking  government officials; i.e. the recent presidential impeachment trial.  ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL, BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN  OTHERS.""  How true."
"I enjoyed reading Animal Farm very much.  I found it amusing how pigs (of all animals) could rise above the rest to become dictators.  George Orwell did a fantastic job in linking the pigs to communism.  My favorite character in the book was Boxer, the horse.  He was such a good guy (horse) that after the glue factory incident I lost all my respect for Napoleon, Squealer and the rest of the christmas hams.Since I finished the book I have not looked at any animal- tame or wild- in the same way.  I was supposed to help my grandpa slaughter cows, but I just couldn't after what they did yo me favorite horse, Boxer.  I have treated all animals with the utmost respect, with the exception of pigs.  I have noticed that the ruthlessness of the pigs in the book, are not far off from reality.  The pigs often ram each other created swelling in the belly.All in all, I tip my hat to George Orwell for his excellent job in writing this book for all the world to experience."
"my mom took me to buy this book cause i saw tom reading it and i wanted it real bad.it had funny animals inside,but i didnt understand a lot of parts in this book.mom said ""you are to young to read it""i said no!!!i can read it if tom can.anyways,i read it and i liked all the smart pigs and the animals.i didnt like the mean farmer,he reminded me of my grandpa,hes mean too.he makes scarey faces to try to make me laugh!but i dont like them faces at all!!!dad took me to a cool movie inbetween the time i read a lot,so it took me a long time to finish this really neat book.so i guess i just said what i think!its a real neat book!tom finished it all before me and told me i read very slow but thats not true!hes too smart,he gets all a's and i only get all a's and b's.ill try to get all a's sometimes cause everyone says i have to,but i dont think i can cause its hard to do that.anyway go buy this book just like i did and read all of it.remeber!  read  it SOON!!!!!"
"Some of you reveiwers expressed a deep resentment at Animal Farm.  Some I  can understand, because you are socialists and feel that the book  misrepresents you. (little known fact.  George Orwell was an ardent  Socialist himself.  It really wasn't socialism he was condemning but the  follies of Human ambitions and wants, shown in the form of  totalitarianism.)  I want to assure you he didn't.Want annoys me is that  most you didn't like the book because it was assigned to you for English or  Social Science.  So immediatley, you don't understand it, don't think it's  worth your time, or don't care.  Some of you question the use of animals as  characters (""it doesn't sense"").  The same reason why any fable  or satire would use animals.  TO MAKE A POINT!  And if you don't get the  point from the entire book one sentence from the book should be  enough:""All Animals Are Equal, But Some Animals Are More Equal Than  Others.""'Nuff said."
"From what we know about George Orwell, his politcial allegiances were complex and always subject to his own scrutiny. One thing can be said with a certain amount of scrutiny: he distrusted any form of government that claimed to be for everybody and claimed to disperse power among the masses. ANIMAL FARM is his warning.This fable, which is what it really is, condemns what Stalin had made of the Russian Revolution. Truth be told, Orwell was very much aware that anyone with power would have turned that revolution into revenue.But Capitalism is not spared either. When reading this novel closely, Orwell acknowledged that power was always seated where the money was evident. (Why else did the pigs make arrangements for trade with mankind?) This is an excoriating view of politics as power, and how no manifesto or declaration is free from the human greed that will opportunistically profit from it."
"This is a very simple book to read; in fact, it's just about obligatory in high school freshman English class.  Don't let the simplistic nature of the book fool you.  If you want to understand human nature, politics (i.e., why politicians are corrupt and always will be), and the increasingly rapid downward spiral of humanity, this novel tells you all you need to know.  It is a masterpiece.  It will certainly be helpful to get an edition that explains the allegorical aspects of the story in order to fully appreciate it, but it can be read and enjoyed as a simple story, too.  I would probably rank this novel as the greatest literary work I've ever read, at least as far as novels go.  This is not because of the quality of the writing; certainly, many works are more eloquently written.  I rank it number one because it is such a devastatingly simple commentary on human nature.  Read it, and you will understand why the world is not, and never will be, what it could be."
"My first thought about reading this book was ""Cool, a book written for adults where the animals talk!"". It was much more than a fairy tale, though, it was deep, serious, and gave you enough details to draw your own conclusions, without making any conclusions of its own. The book starts out fine and dandy---animals overthrowing their human masters. But certain groups among the animals(the pigs), begin taking over, assuming superiority over the other animals and becoming the very human masters they all despised in the first place. Throughout the book, the pigs twist the law to their own ends, manipulating the ignorant and trusting nature of the other animals. The book offers an interesting peek into what might actually happen if the anarchists had their way, and how even the most ""fair"" of situations, and ""fairest"" of people, are fallible, and eventually become corrupt. Though it is a satire against Communism, the events in the book could happen to any government."
"Still one of the most fully realised allegories I have read, and all told in such a clear and succinct manner. In a little more than a hundred pages, Orwell tracks the revolt of a group of animals against the humans on Manor Farm, and their valiant attempt to build a democratic society based on the well-intended seven commandments of Animalism, and the downward spiral that follows when they inevitably fall prey to the corruptible lure of power from within.One does not need to know much about the Russian Revolution and Stalinism (that Orwell intended the tale to be a commentary about) to enjoy this book, because it could easily be about any totalitarian society or one that has aspirations to make life better for the people. And that's what makes this work such a powerful classic, because Orwell speaks profound truths about human nature and the potential for evil when power is entrusted (through a tale about animals) in the most simple and direct way."
Great book! I loved every minute! I just couldn't put it down!I recommend this book to anyone!5 stars no doubt!
"Oh how I love this Orwell classic! It is even better than ""1984"", and that is saying a lot.  In an amazingly inventive way, Orwell demonstrates the foolishness and ultimate failure of communism.  As the Western world continues to flirt with ""greater"", and most definitely bigger, government; this book shows how foolhardy we are to believe in its tenets.  Yes, we are foolish.  History is replete with its failures, and Orwell spins a tale in ""Animal Farm"" that demonstrates these morals.  Ultimately, the comrade leader pigs end up no better than the previous masters of the farm - even becoming like them in the way they look.  ""All are equal, but some are more equal than other"", is a phrase that you'll definitely take away from this book.  It perfectly sums up how the collective society ultimately finds itself.  I highly recommend this book, not just for an image of what the Soviet Union was, but where we may indeed find ourselves if we do not learn from history."
"George Orwell created a masterpiece with Animal Farm.  Telling a tale of a farm that is taken over by animals, he hooks you from the beginning.  The symbolism used to compare the farm to communist Russia is obvious.  The writing is relatively easy to read, and the story is captivating all the way through.  The reader cares about the animals, and wants to follow their story even though the outcome is obvious.  It's easy to see why the book has become a classic, and widely revered.  Some consider it to be one of the most important books of the last century.  Another reason that it is so popular is the length.  It is easy to read and understand, but just because it is a short book, that doesn't mean that it is a small story.  Orwell makes every character and situation interesting, and the book should be read at least once.  It is an overall exciting read, and you won't regret picking it up."
"Animal farm is a horrific allegory in which Orwell successfully warns the reader of the social devastation caused by totalitariansim. The story centre's around several animals living in a farm yard, each of whom  represents a certain socio-political aspect of society. For example,  Napoleon the pig (ironic use of his name!) represents despot dictatorship,  Boxer and Clover, the horses, represent the manual, unthinking  ""mass"" needed by the dictator to physicalise the desired  tyranical society, and so on. Orwell effectively structures his social  microcosm in such a way that the danger of the dictated government are  released in their full desperate and miserable potential, which in turn  expands the political awareness of the reader. His decision to use  anthropomorphism grounds the story, not relating it to any specific human  codes of time or structure. In all, a completely chilling, yet absolutley  necessary allegory we must not ignore."
"It is interesting to live in these times, long after the rise and fall of the Soviet Union, and during the birth of Russia with good old Putin at the helm, to look back at the world of the 1940s when this book was written by British author, George Orwell.So often we ""have"" to read these books at school or when we are young, but you know, you see it quite differently as you age. perhaps it is time for you to re-read it, and if you never have... shame on you!Orwell uses the analogy of an animal farm to reveal a story of today, but instead of the old Soviet Block of the 1940s it is perhaps Bilderberg or the infamous Global Elite that are the forces behind the corruption. The methods of mind control, indoctrination and the tendency not to think at all are all happily revealed through the various animals and their characteristics.It is all there if you look for it... while you enjoy the story, of course!!!"
"In this book, George Orwell has basically just written a fable. He has used animals to portray people and happenings of Russia in 1917. Many people read this book on a child's level, but if you read on a higher level  you understand it is more than just a story about animals rebelling against  the farmer and setting up their own farm. Although I actually just read it  on a child's level so I didn't confuse myself, because basically I dont  know a thing about Russia, but if you think more  about it as you read, you  seem to get the basics. The Author has also been exceptionally clever at  making the animals seem to be like important people in the Russian  Revolution, each having their own individual character. Even if you dont  know anything about Russia, it is still quite an interesting book because  it is funny to see the difference in people's ( or animals in this case)  actions between when they were defenceless, and when they had power."
The book is a wonderful object lesson on the dangers of socialism/communism. A delight to read. Should be on everyone's bucket list.
"Animal Farm is a great book for those hoping for a short but sweet read. It is brimming with colorful characters and creativity. I liked that even though it was short it delivers a powerful and clear message. Even though the animals are not human, their flaws are very similar if not alike to our own. They all hoped to set up new lives for themselves but were ignorant to their own shortcomings. Even though their goals were noble, they did not see the flaws in their society. Also, if you were a fan of ""1984"", I suggest you get this one a try because it shares many similar qualities and aspects to its younger cousin. One thing I disliked about this book was its simplicity. I prefer books with plenty but meaningful detail but that's not to say that its simple length is a weakness. Personally, I am more used to longer books so when it ended I had hoped for more. Overall is a great book and can be enjoyed by both young and old adults."
"I had seen the movie, heard many book talks, and discussions in English and History both.  So when I found out I had to read it I wasn't too anxious to read the book.  Once I started reading, I couldn't stop.  The  concept of it is really frightening.  The laws kept being changed to fit  the pigs desires.  The drastic changes at the beginning were accepted and  Animal Farm was much better than the original Manor Farm.  Animal Farm  gradually kept getting worse.  The ample food turned into crumbs.  The name  Manor Farm was changed back.  The farm turns out much worse than it ever  started with, but the animals supported the pigs and they couldn't remember  their way of life with the farmer.  The animals representing the actual  Russian Revolution makes it even more interesting and frightening.  I  recommend this book to everyone.  It is simple to read so anyone can read  it.  However, it has mature themes, that really make you think."
"Animal farm was a good book, but not great. The story was great and it had a good style of writing, but it was kind of hard to follow at times. I didn't really get how the animals overthrew a human farm and how pigs started to walk on two legs. The book I felt that the book got a little out of hand and it made it a little hard follow.I did really like this book though, it was actually awesome. The fact that animals were able to do what they did was cool. When they came together and fought against humans when they were being treated wrong, and writing techniques he used made the book very interesting. I also liked the ending cause the pigs basically turned into humans, the things that got rid of in the first place, they began to drink alcohol, sleep in beds, and trading was all things they got rid of in the first place.Overall, I liked the book and thought it was very good and I would recommend this book!"
"This book has received justified praise for showing the crowning irony of the Russian Revolution, namely, that those who took over the leadership of the oppressed quickly became identical to the oppressors whom they had overthrown.  Meanwhile, the loyal followers could be counted on to bleat that week's eternal verity incessantly to drown out all independent, critical thought about the direction that the revolution was taking.But we left all of that behind in the last century, right? Wrong!  Just consider the social conservative movement, with its dittohead sheep and its dogma of more freedom through less freedom.  Or consider political correctness, whose most ""progressive"" elements can scarcely be distinguished from those whom they supposedly oppose.  Animal Farm is about us, too."
"What a simple easy book to understand. Although the first few books seemed to be for kids, it quickly should the obvious political message it had.Having known about Orwell's ideals and personal history, you can see how much hate he has for the failed socialism that occurred in Russia.It is obvious it is directed to the Russian Revolution  (although he said later that it's directed to all revolutions for the purpose of power).I personally think it explains further: 'All Humans are Equal except for other Humans who are more Equal than others'. Think about this. This describes humanities reasons for inequality for centuries!Colonization, dictatorship upto our current geopolitical  events!!I can go on for ages relating western/eastern nations to this story. Humans always are unequal and they always justify this somehow in the same way as its described in this book.It's both funny and sad"
"George Orwell like many in the British Labour movement saw the October Revolution and the USSR as creating a new model society.  Others such as playwright George Bernard Shaw saw Mussolini and Hitler in the same light.  By the 1930's as Stalin's crimes became ever more prevalent and after the crimes of the Nazis including the holocaust people became ever more critical of socialist dictatorships however social democracy was seen as the way away from another great depression and in Britain the Labour Party was elected to office in 1946.  In 1944 FA Hayek published ""The Road to Serfdom"" which demonstrated how the kind of social democracy which denies legal tradition and undermines traditional views of liberty plants the seeds for violent uprising by totalitarian governments.  Hayek's book was a major influence on Orwell played an important role in the novels Animal Farm and 1984 that Hayek wrote near the end of his life."
"The book itself is imaginative and suspenseful, containing violence and hatred with a hopeful feeling. It is also amazingly realistic. Using animals does not dampen this effect at all. It may well strengthen it by indicating this situation could happen anywhere... The slightly unrealistic feeling in this use of animals also shows how humans can ignore such horrific behavoir simply because they cannot believe anyone or anything is capable of such crimes. (Referring to the person who disproved the idea that life under Snowball would have been better) Saying that anyone with the power given to Napoleon would lead to disaster is an over generalization (WAY over). For example, China was ruled under a very select few for long periods of its history and not all of its emperors were tyrannical monsters. The book is cute story about animals at one level and a splendid satire at another. Both levels are amusing ways to read the book."
"Animal Farm is the tale of opression and totalitarianism that made George Orwell the major political author of his day. It is a prequel to 1984, although the characters are different in the books, Animal Farm tells of how a tyrant can come to power, while 1984 tells of what happens when that power is firmly in place. The story goes like this. Mr. Jones is the human master of Manor Farm, a place where all animals are misfed, mistreated, and wanting a change. An old pig, Major, stirs the animals into action to start their own rule. But when this happens and Napoleon takes control, conditions return to the way they were, opression as the pigs grow fat and the other animals starve, the pigs break the commandments the revolution was founded on, and the animals can not revolt or even speak their mind. This book is very ambiguous except for on one thing: When freedom is taken away, tyranny is inevitable. This is an awesome book."
"I was simply enthralled when I picked up a copy of George Orwell's Animal Farm. It was impossible to put down until I had read through it. Even though I read the book 3 weeks ago, I am living it every moment. I can not seem to keep my mind off it. I am in awe of the way Orwell can tell a tale on a simple level of literature, a satire on the russian government, and a guide to much deeper things... life's truths. Every person ought to read this book sometime in their life, preferably at an early age. In fact, they should read it the moment they  become literate. Before that, they should hear it from someone else's mouth. If this isn't enough to convey my thoughts to you, let me continue. The  pages of animal farm should wallpaper every reputable building. Due to time and space constraints, I must stop. If you only take one thing out of this review, let it be these 3 words. Read Animal Farm. You won't regret it, I promise!"
"Like the first books of Gulliver's Travels, where Swift's pointed satire on English-French rivalry have been lost in the striking idea of tiny people and giant people, so this allegory of the 'dictatorship of the proletariat' has quite lost its political point against the power of the story. The equation of pigs with the Bolsheviks, the pig Napoleon with Stalin and Snowball with Trotsky is ultimately quite unnecessary to enjoyment of the story - exactly like 'Gulliver's Travels'. Yet the point was not lost on the people of the 1940s, nor on the oppressed people of Eastern Europe and Russia, who read the book in secret. Nor was the point lost on fellow-travellers in the West who made Orwell struggle to have it published. This is the only English book (along with 1984) guaranteed to have been read by every Russian dissident. That in itself is a monument to Orwell. This book will last as long as Swift's, possibly longer."
"This classic fable about the dangers of communism, which I read back in high school, still resonates with me today -- especially in an economy where socialism (in theory) seems like an attractive alternative to the dog-eat-dog world of capitalism. However, the age-old suggestion that ""absolute power corrupts absolutely"" applies even in an alleged egalitarian society, where some form of bureaucracy is needed to ""ensure the fair distribution of resources.""As Napoleon the sheep said, ""All animals are created equal, but some animals are more equal than others."" One of our country's founding fathers also uttered the first phrase, but might as well have made the entire statement. I pray that our human race will someday evolve into an animal that regards the survival of the entire species (and planet) to be more important than individual immortality."
"Animal Farm is probably the best-book of the century, though ""The Catcher in the Rye"", which I am currently reading, lives up to the standards of Animal Farm.Animal Farm tiwsts the story of the Russian  Revolution! It is a very witty, funny and extremley intresting and  Challenging book I've ever read. I am only 13, but I understand it well and  really enjoyed it. Manor Farm is controlled by Farmer Jones. But Old  Major(The boar) dreams of a rebellion and dreams of farms being run by  animals for animals. But, as old Major's dream comes true, under the  Leaders, the pigs Napoloen and Snowball, the throq out old Jones. But as  the pigs turn more powerfull, Old Major's vision turns horribly sour and  bitter.If you haven't read the book, I strongly recommend  it...""Animal Farm by George Orwell, best-book OF THE 20th Century"
"This is now the second time that I have read Animal Farm and now that I understand what the book was acutally about, I liked it even more then I did the first time. I encourage everybody to read this book because it is very good and you can learn a lot from it. It is about the Russian Revoulution and each of the characters in the book symbolizes, in one way or another, a specific person or group of people involed in the Russian Revoulution. The book is about a group of animals who are led by the pigs to revolt against Mr. Jones, their master. After they drive him and his wife out of the farm, the animals take over. I liked this book because it was interesting and fun to read. Orwell does a good job developing the characters and showing us what the Russian leaders did during this time period, and he does it in a fun way by using animal. If you have not read this book I encourage you to read it and have fun with it."
"I liked it, because I like to look for the deeper meaning behind things. I understood the symbolism, and I think that it was well written. The only problem is that some youths who read it, won't be able to pick that up. And  that's all I have to say about that. Thank you!"
"This is a tremendous help for students who are 13 and under and who may not be strong or avid readers. It keeps them interested and the voice, though he can be a little monotone at times, livens it up with his rendition of the various animal sounds. The kids love it"
"George Orwells Animal Farm is widely considered a literary classic and this consideration is well deserved. In this novel Orwell almost flawlessly uses the allegory of animals living on a farm as a medium for his political commentary on Stalins USSR, tyranny, and many other political themes.We know that Orwell wrote this novel near the culmination of World War II and the book was published shortly after the war ended. The book gained success after the war with the worldwide rise of Communism and the Cold War. Orwell stated during his life that this novel is commentary on the USSR under Stalins rule. However this book could easily be used as commentary on one of the many other tyrannical governments in Europe at or around the time, for example Fascist Germany and Italy.In Animal Farm the Animals are at first ruled by a man named Mr. Jones. At this time a wise old pig named old Major preaches to the animals the idea of Animalism. This is the idea that all animals are equal but can never obtain true freedom or happiness under the rule of men. Under Mr. Jones rule animals have no freedom, and all at a certain point will be slaughtered when once they become useless. Old Major preaches that a revolution must occur someday and that animals must achieve self government and a world without men. Soon the opportunity for revolution arises when Mr. Jones drunkenly forgets to feed the animals, and they raid the food shed. Mr. Jones and his men find the animals gorging in the shed and attacks them with whips, but the men are defeated and the animals seize control of the farm. Soon the animals establish a government where 7 animal commandments are established, namely all animals are created equal. The animals hold weekly meetings where all animals can raise concerns and vote on certain issues. Over time however the power begins to sway toward the pigs ( the most intelligent animals on the farm) favor. Two leaders emerge a pig named Napoleon and one named Snowball. The two always disagree on issues and both carry about half the support of the animals on the farm. However Napoleon (somewhat secretly) raises an army of dogs who attack Snowball and run him off the farm. Napoleon seizes full power and soon institutes his absolute rule. Napoleon manipulates the narrative of Snowball (once considered a hero on Animal Farm) and paints him as an enemy of the Farm and himself as the hero. Napoleon blames the problems Animal Farm faces on Snowball and even executes animals based on the belief they were loyal to Snowball. Overtime Napoleons regime becomes worse than the regime it sought to replace originally.This book provides commentary on how a ruling class or ruler can manipulate a certain idea such as Animalism in the novel, or Communism. These ideas start out with good intentions where all men (or animals) are created equal, but one corrupt ruler can manipulate these ideas to their own liking and flip them in their favor. They can do this through the power of fear, propaganda, or even simply by lies and manipulation. Orwells novel reflects on many themes which can be applied to many political themes and related to many events in history. The novel is not simply a commentary on tyranny but a commentary on the role of governments and their relations with the people they rule over as well.I chose to read this book as I am a future social studies teacher and thought it would be interesting to read a novel which allegorically commented on the USSR and Stalin, as I find the USSR, the Cold War, and World War II to be interesting subjects. As I read through this however I found myself thinking how the events in Animal Farm can be applied to so many other events in History and politics today. I would definitely recommend teachers to incorporate this novel into their lesson plans or recommend this novel to anyone interested in the social sciences."
"George Orwell wrote, Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past. I think this quote really embodies the novel Animal Farm. Although I teach Electrical Trades, the school I teach at has a senior read program. In this program all of the seniors and teachers in the school read the same book, and then there is a school-wide activity. I think Animal Farm could easily be taught within our Senior Read program. The symbolism and issues within the novel are great topic starters to discussing/learning teamwork and collaboration, chain of command/hierarchy, and work ethic (to name a few). These topics/issues easily translate into CTE and my classroom. The projects/activities done in class can be related to the job environment.The readability of Animal Farm is extremely important to me and using a book in my classroom.  I find that Orwell wrote in a way that is completely understandable and speaks directly to the reader.  The novel is at about a 1170 lexile score. This is important because it is in a range that will challenge a majority of my students, but it is also not too low as to be too easy for other students.  It is in the college and career ready range. This is important because it is often difficult to find a book that is understandable, yet challenging with the ability to catch the students attention with themes the whole school can discuss.There are two themes in particular that I think are extremely important for my students and CTE.  As seniors they are just starting to understand the difference between a job and a career as well as the different social classes. Most of my students have never left the city or county they live in, let alone have conversations with CEOs, company owners, etc. Their only exposure to different classes is watching television or movies. Orwell does a great job of sending a clear message about the dangers associated with being a complacent working class as well as the tendency of society to divide up into classes. For most of my students, my classroom environment is their first real experience with these topics in an environment where they are free from judgement and able to ask questions.As an electrician, there is a lot of planning, troubleshooting, communicating, and thinking that is part of the job. It is important that my students get beyond the idea of being told what to do every step of the way.  In the book you see how the information was communicated from Napoleon to Squealer, and from Squealer to the animals, all the animals knew the pigs were much smarter and always told the the animals what to do and when to do it. The examples in Animal Farm allow us to again talk about this topic, and even compare/contrast outside examples we have learned/discussed while my students have been in my classroom.Most of my students come from low-income households that receive some sort of aid in attending our school, whether it is free/reduced lunch, school uniform assistance, or tool assistance. Their exposure to different levels of socio-economics is extremely limited. When students only have exposure to different levels of success through television/movies, their understanding of success and/or money is extremely biased.  A lot of them do not see it in their reach to be a supervisor, foreman, project manager, business owner, etc. In the book we can talk about why it was the pigs that situated themselves in the position of leadership and why the other animals sat and watched this whole thing play out and not stop it.  The examples from the book really allow us to discuss these topics openly as a class.  We can discuss the examples from the book, and then apply them in time to real life situations."
"I honestly dont think Ill really be reviewing Animal Farm in my traditional sense. Its not a new book. So should I really review the plot? Okay, I have to talk about it. This is a new conundrum. How do you review a book that really doesnt need reviewing? It isnt new. It doesnt need them. But I shall move forward and somehow get it accomplished. Maybe Ill appeal to all of you who have never actually read the book.I first read Animal Farm in high school. Needless to say, that has been a couple of decades now. My memory fades. I think I read it once since then with a child of mine for school, but other than that it has been visually exposed to me in cartoons and such. I decided to read it again as a more mature adult. Im glad I did.What has stopped you from reading this book? It could be because you have assumed it will be boring because it is considered a classic. I can understand that. Sadly done that a few times with those books. No matter what your reasoning is, here are a few reasons you should read this book.  Its not long  References in many places  Lessons everyone should learn  Is entertaining.The length of the book can be very appealing to those who have avoided classics in the past for fear of long, boring hours of struggling to get through the story. If you are fast reader, you can probably get through it in one day or evening. For slower readers, you might take a week at the most. Avoided classics in the past? This is a good one to cut your teeth on.This book, its characters, and its plot are mentioned in mainstream movies and books. You might even hear it in everyday conversations, on the news, and talked about in many circles. It is what many may call a cult classic, but it is a classic used my many.As you read the book, youll discover many lessons everyone needs to learn. For one thing, look beyond your narrow experience to see the whole picture and the truth of your own situation. Be careful what you do before you find yourself imitating the very enemies you have denounced. Never follow blindly. And there are so many more.The story is entertaining. Youll find yourself rooting for the underdogs and feeling anger when hypocrisy raising its head. While you can see from your vantage point of the reader what is happening, youll want to get the attention of the characters and help them. Its not the boring classic you think it is.If you havent read the book, give it a try. If you havent read it in several years, do it again and rediscover the meaningful words of George Orwell."
"You Must Read Animal Farm. That's the brief version of my review.Eric Arthur Blair, or George Orwell as the world knows him, is a genius at describing fear, terror, doubt, uncertainty, mischief, evil, and hopelessness. The writing is beyond exquisite, even if the topic is morose. Such a loss to the world that Mr. Orwell died when he was just 46 years old. The unwritten works that he never wrote, the works that would have enriched our world and weren't meant to be. In Animal Farm, much like 1984, Orwell goes where you just don't want him to go - painting a dark grim bleak picture that grows worse by the page, of precisely what happens when the evil minds take over the masses, and scheme lie after lie until the truth is so distorted one can't even trust one's own memory. A fantastic allegory to the horrific Russian revolution and the communist party, one that makes you want to open up real history book to remind yourself that yes, this actually happened not to imagery sheep and hens and horses and farm animals in a little work of fiction, this happened to millions of people and this is still happening.Well, I am so SO so glad I read this book even though it was uncomfortable, disturbing and scary - not half as scary as 1984 but scary enough to never forget. But I'm also glad it's over. It was heavy reading and an interesting feeling between loving the writer, loving the writing but resenting the story because it brings to light the ugliest of all ugliness in the world and puts it on the spotlight.My favorite lines - favorite is a funny sort of word to use for lines that make your blood run cold but here goes:""All animals are equal but some are more equal than others."",""No animal shall drink ... to excess."",""Four legs good, two legs better.""Comrades!' he cried. 'You do not imagine, I hope, that we pigs are doing this in a spirit of selfishness and privilege?""""Surely comrades, you don't want Jones back now do you?""""The animals wished there were less figures and more food in their bellies.""And on and on and on. This book is a gem, Orwell was a gift, and I am so grateful that I had the opportunity to read Animal Farm."
"Animal Farm was the first pre-college book read as a freshman in high-school. The challenging and new words, metaphorical meaning, and the elegance of the book really pushed me to reread sections to fully grasp what the author was trying to say and what he wanted the reader to think about. I think that this book was a metaphor for the Russian revolution. The farm represents a model of Russia, and the animal represent the different parts and roles in the revolution. Animal Farm did have some spikes of excitement and emotion laced into the book, but you really need to pay attention to every detail in this book because they matter. Although, there was one quote that did stick out from all of the rest. No animal in our country is free, and I truly do believe that what the author is trying to say is, no man is free right now, we are being watched and controlled by out dictators, and our freedom is nowhere to be found. I think that this quote has so much power behind it due to the intensity of this metaphor comparing this farm of animals that have been slaving over work for their whole lives, and then man being controlled by a dictator during the Russian revolution!Is it not clear, then, comrades, that all the evils of this life ours spring from tyranny of human beings? Only get rid of Man, and the produce of a labor would be our own. Almost overnight we could become rich and free. What then must we do? Why, work night and day, body and soul, for the overthrow of human race! This is my message to you, comrades: Rebellion! (Orwell, 3). The excitement of this book is not about the content, it is looking for what the content means and represents. I  wasnt totally fond of this book, but the reason causing this feeling is my lack of knowledge for this genre of literature. Overall though, a very well constructed book, and a fun one to read.Written by Carson Mielke"
"First off, let me comment the review display of Animal Farm and 1984 here on Amazon.com. For some reason, Amazon decided to have the reviews of 1984 and Animal Farm put together for the Signet Classics editions. While it's not a big issue for me, it does bug me a little. Now I got that out of the way, let's start the review.I didn't get a chance to read this book as a book assignment in any of my schools, so I decided to read this book on my own. Within one sitting, I read the entire book within 4-5 hours late at night. It was a very good read. This book got some bonus points when I learned that this book was published on my birthday, which is August 17th (haha). I guess I'll give a brief summary for the few of you who don't know the story. A group of animals are getting fed up with their owners treating them badly, and decide to run them out of their home, take over the farm, and call their farm ""Animal Farm."" The pigs made some rules to follow, and anyone who disobeys them will get kicked out or worse. What started as a peaceful committee where all animals are equal, it quickly turns into their own way of slavery.Even though Animal Farm is a little short, I don't feel like the book was rushed. it was very well paced, and from beginning to end it had me engaged with very few dull or overboated moments. I felt like everything was important to the story, and the way their society works can be very relatable in today's society. If a story like this was told with humans instead of animals, it might not be interesting because it would be like telling a history lesson that has been done before. But using animals instead of humans gives this book a great twist because I don't think the decisions some of the animals make can work if humans were in their place.I will say that a few negative things about this book is it has a very depressing ending, and it can get a wrong impression if not going in for the right reasons. I hear that this book is used in some elementary schools and/or middle schools, and that does bother me because I always thought this was more of an adult or more matured book. If you're looking for a book that has a happy ending, this is not the book for you because the ending is very depressing. And while some might think this book encourages animal abuse, i don't think it does, but some animals do have a horrible fate, so be warned if you can't stand the sight of animal abuse.With that said, this is one of my favorite books. If you're a huge fan of Dystopian novels, or looking for someplace to start before reading George Orwell's 1984, this is a very good book and a very good start. Even though it's a pretty quick read, your time won't be wasted on Animal Farm."
"Animal Farm, is a book written by George Orwell in August of 1945. This book is a satire on the Russian Revolution in 1917 and the start of Stalinism. George Orwell is famously known for his most popular book 1984. George Orwell was born Eric Arthur Blair in 1903. He used George Orwell as his pen name. Many of his books were written about historical topics. They were satires, or dystopian novels such as 1984 and Animal Farm. The book Animal Farm is a satire to the Russian Revolution, although it can be clearly seen as a satire to humanity and the power everyone seeks.  Animal Farm is about a farm in England. There the animals of Mr. Jones decide that they have had enough of the humans telling them what to do, treating them poorly, and working them to death with hardly any food. The animals finally revolted and had their revolution. They seized the farm from Mr. Jones and ran him and his men out of the farm. The name of the farm was soon changed form Manor Farm to Animal Farm. The animals decided that they could govern themselves better than any human could. The seven commandments were written and every animal was required to learn them. The commandments were rules and guidelines the animals had to follow. Such examples are no animal shall sleep in a bed, no animal shall drink alcohol, no animal shall kill another animal. The two main characters Snowball and Napoleon were both pigs. They took it upon themselves to learn to read, and write. They started to be the leaders of the farm. They would assign the working rules, and meeting schedules, and new updates to the farm. Napoleon and Snowball would always disagree during the meetings. One would think something, and the other would think the opposite. Despite this the farm was better then ever. The animals had enough food, werent working too hard, and they could be free of torment from the humans. Eventually Napoleon decided he had enough of Snowball and he ran him off the farm with killer dogs. Napoleon needed to tell the rest of the animals something, so he told them that Snowball was a secret agent for Mr. Jones and was plotting to bring the humans back to Animal Farm. The animals believed him and carried on. From this point on the living conditions of the animals got worse will the pigs got better. Napoleon and the rest of the pigs moved into the farmhouse and started acting more and more like humans. Of course Napoleon had a special friend to comfort the rest of the animals every time they were sceptical of Napoleons decisions. Things kept going down until the Animal Farm the animals once knew was no different from the Manor Farm from which they came.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Throughout reading it, I could tell what events/characters were related to real life ones. Not only could I see the relations to the Russian Revolution, I could see how society today is like the Animal Farm. There are many comparisons and it is cool the be reading the book and realize something. This book reminded me most of the Pink Floyd album Animals. For the song names are of different types of animal, and each animal represents a different group of people in society. The working man struggling to survive and slaving himself away(dogs), the fat cat who controls everything, and the boss of the struggling workers. The people who have the most money but can never seem to have enough power(pigs). Lastly, the people who do absolutely everything they are told. They follow orders no matter how stupid or risky(sheep). This book is a very accurate representation of modern government as a whole and human mentality. I would recommend this book to anyone. Absolutely anyone. I think everyone can learn a thing or two from this book."
"In August of 1945 a literary bomb was dropped on the world with the publication of George Orwell's Animal Farm.  The reverberations of this book would very nearly match the effects of the atomic devices dropped by B-29's onto Imperial Japan in the very same month.Orwell had begun writing the book in 1943 during the war, at a time when the west admired and appreciated their Soviet Allies.  The leader of the Soviet Union was given the benign name, ""Uncle Joe"".  There were many in the allied cause who were secretly spying for the Soviets including SOE trainer Kim Philby.  The queen mother (Elizabeth II's mother) danced with Soviet naval personnel up in Scotland.  General Patton was severely reprimanded simply for not mentioning our Soviet comrades in a wartime speech (""Since it seems to be the evident destiny of he British and Americans to rule the world, the better we know each other the better job we will do."") made in England in April 1944.  Even the right was in love with the Soviets at this time.George Patton + George Orwell!?There were, however,  a prescient few who had noted that something untoward was going on in Soviet controlled Europe.  Churchill wrote to President Truman on May 12, 1945, ""What is to happen about Russia...An iron curtain is drawn down upon their front.  We do no know what is going on behind.""  (Eisenhower in War and Peace).  On May 8, 1945 General George Patton expressed the postwar situation in an earthier way, ""They have allowed us to kick hell out of one bastard and at the same time forced us to help establish one as evil or more evil than the first.  We have won a series of battle, not a war for peace.  We're headed down another long road to losing another peace.  this day we have missed another date with our destiny, and this time we'll need Almighty God's constant help if we're to live in the same world with Stalin and his murdering cutthroats.""Patton: Genius for War, A, Carol D'Este.George Orwell's Animal Farm is a slim novel that changed the world.  In many ways it parallels another slim novel, Voltaire'sCandide (Dover Thrift Editions)in offering a devastating attack on Utopian socialism.This is one of the greatest political books of all time.  Readers who enjoy Animal Farm will also likeAmerica Invades: How We've Invaded or been Militarily Involved with almost Every Country on Earthby Kelly / Laycock."
Required reading for my daughter's literature class.  She is an avid reader and said that this is the best book she's ever read.
"This is a quite amusing commentary on politics and power and corruption. Its not a long read and well worth the small effort required. Essentially, the animals on a farm kick out their human overlords and take over the running of the farm themselves. It turns out the pigs are the most intelligent, and end up managing the running of the farm. The corruption and politics of the pigs and the way they take advantage of the other animals becomes more and more extreme.This has some clear parallels with Nineteen Eighty Four too. The pigs rewrite history and convince the others that things happened differently to how they remember, and rewrite their '7 Commandments' subtly in their favour and so on. There's also the enforcement of correct thinking and abuse of power.There is plenty of depth if you want to go into the details of the allegory if you are interested, but the main point is pretty obvious really.[...]"
"You wouldn't usually hear of Brittain's greatest dictaters being farmers in danger of filing for bankrupsy, but for the animals of Manor farm, in the book Animal Farm by George Orwell, their master, ""Jones"", is their dictater and the reason for their great distress.  But, when the oldest and most beloved animal on the farm, a pig named Old Major, speaks of a great rebelion then dies with out warning, the animals decide that he is right.  The remaining pigs of significance, Snowball and Napolion, begin to take action and, before long, Manor Farm is Animal Farm.George Orwell's thrilling descrition of this jaw dropping story of the battle between man and animal kind is sure to keep you turning he pages again and again.  I believe that anyone can read this book, but the content of it is best suited for sevnth graders and up.  Although the ending was a little disappointing to me, I highly recomend this book."
"I first read Animal Farm two decades ago, while I was in high school. I'm sure many of you did, too. I reread it recently, and I'm convinced that this is one of those books that one should reread when one is a bit older. Orwell's fable of farm animals' revolution sold out by their pig leaders is simultaneously short, fun, shocking, and engaging. It's also pithy and wonderfully written. Plotwise, you just have to crack a wry smile at the historical parallels that Orwell creates when his characters begin spouting their Marxist philosophies and begin to plot a revolution. Other plot points & themes are timeless -- the supply shortages, summary executions, propaganda, political assassinations, and single-candidate elections in ""Animal Farm"" can be seen in many dictatorships, from Stalin's to Saddam's. Overall, I highly recommend rereading this book, especially if you were a teenager the last time you read it."
"I don't usually write reviews on well-known works of fiction because most have read them, and there are hundreds of reviews about these works already.  But ""Animal Farm"" is one of the few books that say so much while being so short, and that reveals genius. This book can be quickly read.  The concepts and themes are important, frightening--and real.  These things did occur in recent world history ie., Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot, among others.  Many people in the world could benefit from reading it.  It reveals the dark side of human nature.  If such evil could occur so recently in our so-called modern age, what can take place now or in the not-so-distant future?  It has happened before and it will happen again.  When individuality, thought, and creativity are suppressed overtly or by subtle means it is nothing but dangerous and sinister.  This book is eery.  It was also based on pure, unadulterated reality."
"It's a story of a farm where the animals make a revolution against their master and overtake the farm. At the beginning everything is fine and all animals are equal, but then the pigs take the control over the others. Gradually it becomes worse and worse. The animals have to work the whole day and a few of them die. The pigs lead a good life and the others suffer. But the animals can't defend themselves against the pigs and so the pigs keep the power. The book allows a lot of interpretations. The situation reminds to the historical period of communism in Russia with Stalin etc. People who are interested in history should read this book and build their own opinion. If you are not interested in history or politics you should prefer another book or just read it because of the animals. (There is also a funny film). We personally did not really like the story, maybe we should have had more time to read it."
I have learned from this book that communism is bad I do not want it in the USA this book has done a great job explaining that
"Other Amazon reviews hit it on the nose, but just wanted to comment on this timeless short story.  The political commentary being made by Orwell may be referencing his own times, but the point being made is all of history, past and present.  Totalitarianism can arise from any mimic-democracy.  It almost always is seeded by a economically challenged society that elects a ""strong man"" to lead.  Stalin and communism, Hitler and national socialism are obvious but extreme examples.  But Orwell's reminder here is that it doesn't take very long before a leader that has been given absolute power will take over everything for the ""good of the society"" through manipulation, lies and even murder.  Beware the the figure who promises equality to all.  That sort of promise almost always eliminates the middle class, and only creates a ruling class to oversee the rest of us ""equals"".  And then it is too late."
"A well written story about a farm taken over by animals. On the previously farm, Manor Farm, the animals felt that they are overworked, underfed, and treated unfairly. When the animals take over the farm and rename it Animal  farm idealism takes over. A dream of a  paradise of progress, justice, and  equality for all was answered when animals acheive their dream. A well  written fairy-tale story that deals with totalitarianism that is embraced  on the newly developed Animal Farm. When the communism farm makes a drastic  change to dictatorship the animals are forced to face with reality.  This is an excellent written book, and is great for anyone interested in a  book based on history. Today the book still clearly states that wherever  and whenever freedom is attacked, George Orwell's Animal Farm will have a  meaning and message still fresh in our minds as to the outcome of such  actions."
"A book that needs no introduction: Animal Farm by George Orwell. It's a short read, maybe 2 or 3 hours, but has more substance than probably any book of that length ever written. It deals directly with the idea of civilization, what it is, and more importantly what it should be. While the story certainly deals directly with Communism and Totalitarianism, and might I add in a very entertaining way, Orwell was clever enough to point out that it is the sheep of any civilization who yield the most power; unfortunately they usually aren't smart enough to use this to their advantage. After reading Animal Farm it is not uncommon when watching the news to suddenly see every political move as an action by the pigs and every victory for the sheep as a leap over a fence into despair. Ironically, this is one of the best books on human sociology ever written and I highly recommend that you read it."
"Animal Farm is written by George Orwell.  The book is based on animals  acting like humans.  The animals rebel and end up taking control of Manor  Farm, getting rid of Jones.  The animals on Animal Farm each had positions  in relation to a government.  The pigs were the leaders and all the other  animals were the followers.  I found the book intriguing because to  picture animals in the position they were in and the power they had allowed  me to read on.  The example Orwell sets is to show how humans also can be  manipulated and, how it happens everyday, in different situations.  The  meaning of the book changed in the ending.  The animals began acting like  humans.  This was a disappointment because it lost the whole meaning of the  book.  They used to say ""four-legs good two-legs bad"" the meaning  changed to four-legs good two-legs better."""
"Animal Farm is about a group of animals who decide to overthrow their master, Farmer Jones, because he has become drunk and does not give them food. This book is even more enjoyable if you know your Russian History because they go hand in hand. Farmer Jones represents Czar Nicholas the Second and the Animal Revolution represents the Russians kicking out the czar. There are many more similarities that you can come up with and it ends the same way the Russian one does. Another thing about Animal farm is that Orwell had some magical ability to predict the cold war. This makes that book enjoyable and something that I would recommend. When I read it in seventh grade, I could easily pick out the similarities and differences. If you look closely, the flags are also similar and you can see the effort that Orwell put into to this to show the world what was going on."
"In my opinion, George Orwell did a wonderful job of demonstrating the difficulty of remaining a democracy, and the since of power using a farm of animals.  The book was very well written.  I saw the book as a relation to human government, which I think was the intention, but all of the animals exept the pigs (the head of the government) were said to be stupid and just sat around letting the pigs brainwash them.  The pigs said something, so it must be true.  Well, all of the other animals on the farm I would relate to the rest of the human population exept the rulers.  It may be just me, but I wouldn't consider the rest of the population to be stupid, and as you well know we all do not sit around and just watch the heads of our governments rule our lives while watching them with blank eyes.  Even in communism, people speak up, and know whats going on."
"In my opinion, George Orwell did a wonderful job of demonstrating the difficulty of remaining a democracy, and the since of power using a farm of animals.  The book was very well written.  I saw the book as a relation to human government, which I think was the intention, but all of the animals exept the pigs (the head of the government) were said to be stupid and just sat around letting the pigs brainwash them.  The pigs said something, so it must be true.  Well, all of the other animals on the farm I would relate to the rest of the human population exept the rulers.  It may be just me, but I wouldn't consider the rest of the population to be stupid, and as you well know we all do not sit around and just watch the heads of our governments rule our lives while watching them with blank eyes.  Even in communism, people speak up, and know whats going on."
"This book made me disgusted and sad all at the same time. A very engaging story, very easy to read. An excellent book."
"This is one of the most powerful indictments of communism that I have ever read. And, it's so easy to read, almost like an Aesop fable-it's assigned reading for high schoolers!!Everyone should read this book.One can see how communism starts - with the best of intentions. In fact, when the book starts, the reader is hopeful for the animals and for their new government.Slowly, sinister things start happening, and then one can see the true face of communism.Once again, everyone should read this book! My review cannot do this book justice!Favorite quote from the book (besides the ones the earlier reviewers used):""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.""(last sentence of book)Read It!!!"
"Animal Farm is a short, yet powerful book.  My least favorite part was when they took Boxer away to have him chopped up for horse meat.  Although he somewhat deserved it for his blind and unquestioning obedience, it was disheartening nonetheless.  The despotic and dictatorial rule of Napoleon is not only depressing, it is even more oppressive than that of the humans.  When Napoleon's rules start to change, watch out.  One should always question rules and the authority of others.  Room for improvement always exists.It is o.k. to work together altruistically in order to achieve a common cause - if there is room for individual advancement in the spirit of objectivism.  The bottom line is this - autocratic totalitarianism, and alcoholic maniacal pigs for that matter, are deleterious to your health  - and should be avoided at all costs."
"I was forced to read this book by my English teacher.  She handed it to me  with a smile and said, ""You'll love it Jonathan, it's based on the  Russian Revolution"".  My heart leaped for joy at this, as you can  imagine(heh-heh-heh, just look at the title. Yay).  That night I sat down  and started it.  I didn't set it down until around 2:00 the next morning.  It wasn't exactly an action book or interesting, it just seemed to pull me  in.  I have no idea why, but it captured my complete attention for six  straight hours.  It is an excellent book, possibly one of the best I've  ever read.  I suggest this to all readers, there's no basic reading area  that would love it more than others, but I suggest having an IQ of greater  than 50. :)  Actually, the only thing that could really use improving is  the title.  Please read this book."
"Many people view this piece of work in light of Orwell's greatest triumph ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"". While lacking the depth of its successor, ""Animal Farm"" deserves to stand as a brilliant and insightful  piece of fiction in its own right.Orwell pulls no punches when  satarising the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution with clear symbolism that is  obvious to anyone who has knowledge of that period. Orwell forces his  damning opinions upon, without alarming the reader because of his unique  prose.The best way to think of this book is to say that ""Animal  Farm"" is the entree and ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"" is the main  course, but still consider this novel in its own right.* Oh, and to any  school children who think the animals were silly and unrealistic, they're  SYMBOLIC, look it up sometime..."
"Animal Farm is a very interesting book about how a group of animals rebel  against their owner.  The animals of Manor Farm believe they are being  mistreated and would be better off if they ran the farm themselves. They  successfully chase the humans off the farm.  Over time the pigs become the  leaders and grow obsessed with power and control.  From that point in the  story, the government of Animal Farm goes downhill.  In the end, the  animals are no better off than they were when the humans ran the  farm.Animal Farm is an excellent book.  It is sort of strange but there  is always something going on which keeps the reader interested.  I highly  recommend this book for school reading, because there are so many different  events and character personalities.  It is easy to form opinions and come  up with ideas for writing topics."
"Look, I'm not going to sit here and write yet another review gushing about how I ""got"" the socio-economic message in this book.  It was undeniably present from the first page to the last.  What I enjoyed most about this book was that it was a fun read.  You do not have to have aspirations to be a UN delegate to enjoy this book.  I mean, lets face it, reading about animals taking over a farm is fun stuff.  Couple that with the fact that this book is a short 140 pages well, I think it is just about the perfect read for anyone.  With a book this good and this short the traditional excuses of ""too much school work"" or ""too busy at the office"" just don't fly.  Turn off the TV, power down the video game and take you mind on a journey.Oh, and try this little experiment, once you have read it keep it on the shelf then read it again in 10 years or so, it will be like a whole different book."
"When I read the book ""Animal Farm"", I compared it to the overthrow of Milosevic and the revolution of Yugoslavia. Many things that George Orwell included in his book applied to Yugoslavia. I think that all revolutions begin the same way, and that ""Animal Farm"" can be compared to all of them.  This book happened in steps, showing everything that happens during a revolution. From the very beginning with the overthrow of a leader to the rebellions that happen later.  I know that in the future more revolution will occur. Even though they'll all start at different times and places, they'll all start the same way, and they'll share many common characteristics. ""Animal Farm"" is a guide to revolutions, and even though it was written sometime ago, the storyline still pertains to revolutions today."
"I've read animal farm so many times, and I still love it. My class is now reading it in school for L.A. and Social Studies, and I feel bad because I've read it and now have to sit out and read ""OF MICE AND MEN""( wich isnt too good). It's amazing how it (as an alagory) explains Russian history, around Stalin's time. Orwell, who never liked pigs, Casted pigs as Stalin (Napolean), Trovsky (snowball), Marx (old Major), and others. With Farm animals represtenting the people, Dogs : Children brain washed and taught to fallow and protect Napolean, Sheep: Less inteligent, and easily fooled people, Boxer: Workers, thinking only of the good of the country. When you irst read, you may not notice it, but this is all true, with few flaws. If you enjoy these alegories, and want more ""history"" books, Try THE WIZARD OF OZ, wich is about the great depression...see if you pick it up!"
I haven't read this for fifty years.  It is one of the best books I have ever read. It is chilling how relevant it is today.
"Someone recommended I read Animal Farm in order to understand the term ""doublespeak"".  Not often do I encounter a book that I look forward to reading once I have started reading.  I had some trouble keeping track of all the characters and early in the book I thought I knew where the story was heading, but I didn't think the character named Boxer was going to get treated as he did.  Poor Boxer!I am trying to read 1984 too.  I don't find that a pleasant read.  Animal Farm pulled me into the story because of the action and I wanted to understand the animals.  I am not pulled into 1984 yet.  40 pages into the book.  It seems disjointed.  Perhaps it is that way because the author was ill with tuberculosis when it was written and dieing.When I come home from work, first thing I wanted to do was pickup Animal Farm and continue reading.  Not experiencing that sensation with 1984 yet."
"Great product. The first time I read it it was in the year 2004, one of my students mentioned it to me and we read it, it became a part of us when we all learned that the animals were fighting for their rights. We just couldn't put the book down, it made my students realize that life is not as simple as it seems, that we really need to work hard for the things we want in life and that we should be more responsible for our acts. This will be the second time I read it with my students. It's so interesting that I assigned it as a summer reading and most of them already started reading it and they've told me that it's hard for them to put it down, they really do like the book, we've even started discussing part of it, and the discussion was supposed to begin in August. Honestly George Orwells knew what he was doing great job and thank you.CordiallyMiriam Hernandez.Thank you very"
"Orwell had an amazing gift for writing, especially when it involved political parties. The whole story of Animal Farm seemed so silly when I first starting reading it. However as the book moved along I was able to pick up on what the story was saying, and while most May or may not agree the more the book went on the more I was reminded of Hitler and the Korean war. These people wanted nothing more than a better life for them and their families, as did the animals of Animal Farm.  The problem with this is there are also those who seek power and will lie to get what they want, which is exactly what Napoleon the pig did in this novel.  The animals were promised a better life when they rebelled and got nothing but pain and suffering in return and by the end of the novel they no longer know the difference between man, which in the beginning was the enemy, and pig, which was their leader."
Read it again because my grandson was studying it at school. It still stands strong. Such a well-written powerful analogy.
"I read this book back in freshman year of high school and later saw the movie since I liked it so much.  Orwell's idea was fresh and intriguing.  What if animals decided they wanted to be dominant and overthrow mankind?  The moral, under the tale, is what gives this book a five star review.It is human nature to do what we can to remove anyone who is oppressing us.  People like to be free to make their own decisions and pursue their dreams.  Such was the case with the animals.  They got rid of the human and set up their own laws.  At first, things were great.  But the pigs took over and became just as corrupt, if not more so, than the human they hated.  The important thing to consider in any situation is when you get rid of one bad influence, you need to replace it with a good influence or you'll end up in the same situation as before.  This book was very well done!"
"I had to read Animal Farm for school. But anyway it very quickly managed to catch my interest. Named a children's book it also holds a lot of entertainment for grown-ups. Told is the story of the animals who live on Manor Farm suffering under the tyranny of their owner, Mr. Jones. One day they decide to throw him out and rule by themselves. But Animal Farm is not only a fairy story: It is a political allegory on Russia and the 1917 Revolution. Orwell, a strict enemy of Soviet Communism, makes skillful use of rethorical devices and hidden meanings to persuade the reader of his opinion. Readers of Orwell's later work 1984 will probably miss a bit of the visionary and philosopher that he turned out to be. Considered today Animal Farm is directed to the past, while 1984 shows a possible future. But anyway Animal Farm is worth reading, if only to have learned about it."
The lessons of Animal Farm still hold true today as they did seventy years ago. Something everyone should read once.
"I have friends that I did not go to high school with stating that they had to read this book for class. I never had to and I wish I would have. I personally found it to be quite funny and ironic. I don't want to post any spoilers, but it shows how Communism looks and sounds great to the common man, but it will never come to fruition as there will be people who will always view themselves as more superior and deserving of things, with no intention of having true equality, but rather just giving an illusion of being better off than they used to be. Great read that is entertaining as well as eye opening on the subject. This is for Animal Farm. I didn't realise these reviews were tied with 1984. I'm still reading that book and it is more superb than Animal Farm, but I'm not far enough into it to write a decent review on it."
"Animal Farm, by Orwell, shows the reading public, in my opinion, something much deeper than an open critique of communism, or the such. I feel Orwell wanted to tell us basically that we are fools for sweet talk, and that our friends, or in this case, the pigs, are ""always right"", just like Boxer was continually repeating. Orwell showed us how weak we are, and let governments, whatever it might be, trample over us until we realize it and we can't do anything about it. Though, we might think it critiques communism, in my direct opinion, it critiques a totalitarian state, a military state, a state by which we live under, like the reprocussions of our very own country, also. Animal Farm is well written book, a book which teaches even children what life is really like, through the use of this adult fiction."
"Brilliant in its simplicity, harrowing in its telling, ruthlessly gritty in its depiction, enjoyed literally or metaphorically, it is a story which unfailingly continues to find resonance in contemporary times & events.Orwell's exceptionally crafted fable has the oft aspired but seldom achieved ability to rouse deep, raw, genuinely-felt emotions in the reader.  The entire spectrum of assorted characters, from the sly pigs to the simple-minded horses, from the visionary to the myopic, are beautifully delineated.  The heart-tugging trials and fate of Boxer, and of the ""lower"" denizens of Animal Farm cause ache and haunt long after the story ends.Despite its predominantly grim theme, the descriptions of the mannerisms and the likes and habits of its various characters do not fail to bring a smile to one's face."
"Wow- I was a little nervous to read this book, while at only 130 pages it is very unassuming...after reading 1984 in HS, I was dubious of enjoying anything of George Orwells.  Perhaps I have grown up, or perhaps this is a much easier, and more interesting/intelligable read.  Either way, I enjoyed Animal Farm!Some parts I couldn't help but laugh at the subtle irony, other parts got me thinking on a deeper level but all through out the book I was curious where the story was going, how it would end and what ""the point was"".  (I chose to read the Foreward, last, so as not to get any spoilers.)I think this was a great subtle novel.  I can see why it may be required reading in school, one of the reasons I enjoyed it was that it was an ""easy"", straight forward read!  Gets you thinking...that's always a good thing!"
"I enjoyed this book (a very quick read)- however I do wish I had more background with which I could determine what animal was supposed to represent which country/leader. Obviously Napolean is Stalin, Snowball is Trotsky & Major is Marx- after that I was at a loss...I guessed that Boxer represented blind patriotism (the people)-but who was Truman/America?- There aren't many characters left to choose from (certainly none that we would want to represent Truman (Molly the vain horse, the cat who dissapears at the first sign of trouble) I thought Benjamin was Churchill, but maybe not...Anyone have any insight here? Other than this confusion I like Orwell's writing style & subject matter-in this book & in 1984; he succeeded in making me question the world we live in (In my opinion this is his sole intention)."
"Of all these reviews, not a one mentions the Ralph Steadman edition.  I bought this book for my girlfriend because Animal Farm is one of her favorite books and because Ralph Steadman is an artist all serious-minded  people should be familiar with.  Best known for his illustrations of the  works of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, Steadman has a penchant for drawing  grotesque characterizations of (in)famous celebrities and people in power.  He has gotten himself in more trouble over his drawings than just about  anyone else in the last few decades.  This edition of ""Animal  Farm"" is the perfect companion to anyones Steadman collection.  Not  only does it brilliantly demonstrate hie prowess with a pen but it  perfectly captures the deranged and frightening world George Orwell's  characters inhabited. Brilliant!"
"A short novel of only 130 page, Animal Farm is not a difficult book to read.  George Orwell was well-known for ANIMAL FARM and 1984.  The book is very symbolic.  You find the revolution of the animals on Manor Farm is a symbol of the Russian Revolution.  The book is an example of an allegory and a satire.  The book has memorable characters- Boxer the hard working horse symbolizing the Russian people, Napolean the cruel and manipulating leader symbolizing Stalin, Snowball the ambitious and outspoken pig symbolizing Trotsky, and the idealitic Old Major symbolizing Marx.This book is a classic work of literature and is an excellent short novel to read.  George Orwell wrote this novel meticulously and put in it criticism and a great deal of thought.  A clever book, and a great read.  I strongly reccomend it."
"Animal Farm is a story about talking animals. It looks at their struggle to take over and operate the farm where they live and the opposition that they face from an oppressive master and a hostile world.But as you know, Animal Farm is also a harsh political satire. Its target is not socialism per se (George Orwell was a committed socialist). The target is authoritarian (and populist?) government in general, and the Soviet Union in particular. Orwell took a lot of heat for his criticism of the USSR but, of course, history has shown him to be right. I think that this book remains quite relevant to today's readers in today's world. I suspect it will remain relevant for many years to come.For important books like this, I like to buy a good quality hardcover as I did for this edition."
"Animal Farm is a fairly short, yet intriguing story about the animals of the Manor Farm rebelling and overthrowing  the humanity on the farm. There is war, betrayal, mottoes, a dictatorship, and LOTS of changing the rules. The pigs Snowball and Napoleon rise to power, only to have Snowball exiled and Napoleon become a dictator. He breaks, then changes all of the seven commandments so that he didn't break them. This allegory shows that socialism is not a viable government, because if power is placed in the wrong hands, you get a dictator, namely, Napoleon. In the end, the pigs behave like human beings, the very creature they tried to overthrow. All in all, this book is very entertaining, but beware, it's not what it seems."
"A masterpiece. The kindle version is well-formatted and includes two prefaces as appendix, both written by Orwell itself. They bring more clues about his thinking on the novel's themes."
"Animal Farm is a book which takes place on a Manor Farm, which was renamed to Animal Farm do to the rebeling aginst there owner Mr.Jones. Which was inspired by the dream of Old Major,a boar who has the first great vision of a socialist utopia for animals, beginning the fervor that leads to the Rebellion. Old Major dies three days after he tells the animals vision.This leades to the battle of Napoleon and Snowball.  The two pigs that head the farm,and disagree on everything.The two battle on who will be the next leader of Animal Farm.One day, as the animals are about to vote on building of a windmill that Snowball supports and Napoleon opposes, Napoleon has Snowball driven off the farm. From that point on, Snowball becomes a scapegoat whenever anything goes wrong on the farm.  As time goes on,the pigs begin to break many of the original principles and Commandments of their Rebellion. This is justified by slight changes in the Seven Commandments and explanations from Squealer,a particularly persuasive pig who is also on Napoleons side. Squealer also trise to convince the animals of the farm that the memories of the past are incorrect. Eventually,as more time passes the new leader of the farm changes the name back to Manor Farm much as it was when the book began."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell 5 stars(Paperback, an old family hand-me-downAudiobook (from itunes), read by Ralph Cosham)I was finding this hard to review.  I had the paperback and the audiobook on itunes for ages. Untouched.Well this is a short read for one, so that was a plus. And I listened to the introduction and what not on my audiobook (from itunes). One of the opinions is that this a fairy tale like story. And I love those kinds of stories and so that's why I gave this a go. I was a little turned off by this because my sister had read this in her teens and it profoundly changed her views on the treatment of animals.So I dug out the paperback so that I can really follow along with the audio. I think without the audio, I wouldn't have enjoyed this as much.  Ralph Cosham did a good job reading this. I really liked his singing for ""Beasts of England."" And his accents were a nice touch.I think the fairy tale is there, along with it's political statements and that animals do have feelings. Definitely a complex short book. And the ending had left me a curious thought. Had the pigs' physical features transformed to human? And had the humans transformed to look like pigs?  I thought it was both. That their true selves had been revealed."
"""Animal Farm,"" by Goerge Orwell, is a modern adult fable about a farm that is taken over by the animals on the farm.  The animals then set up a system where some animals gather food, others build equipment that will help on  the farm, others help plant the food in the spring, and others, mainly the  pigs, run the farm.  At first, all the animals have equal say in what  happens on the farm, but as the years go by, the pigs gain more and more  control over the farm.  The farm evolves from a communistic setting, to a  place where there is a dictator that runs everything.  At the beginning of  the book, the pigs decide on seven commandments that the farm will go by,  and by the end there is only a single commandment.Orwell uses satire in  order to make his point known: that communism will never work, nor will a  complete dictatorship.  He explains that in order for anything to work,  everyone must be able to have a say in what goes on in their ""country"".  People will have to find a medium between communism and dictatorship.  Orwell does this subtly by using animals and showing how they interact with  each other.  For example Orwell shows the owners of businesses or leaders  of counries by Napolean and how he controls everything, and over works the  other animals."
"With ""Animal Farm"" George Orwell, I think it is fair to say joins the elite club of significant satirist like Kafka and Swift. It has proven it is a true piece of art just based on the fact that to this day, 65 years after it was written, it is still a matter of debate as to just how significant it is! Some, and maybe understandablely dismiss this book at first glance. C'mon lets think here for a second. Here's a book about a group of animals that over-throw a group of humans. If that isn't enough, it has two pigs on the cover. But, if you give ""Animal Farm"" a chance you will find it to be a remarkable piece of literature. The ideas brought up in this book are still issues we can discuss to this very day. Orwell's wonderful use of symbolism and metaphors makes this book so interesting. There is really much more to this book than meets the eye. I honestly can not add anything really new or fresh to say that others haven't already said. ""Animal Farm"", to me, is a major piece of literature that should be read by everyone. If you have some doubts about this book, those thoughts will vanish soon after the first couple of pages. I really enjoyed it! p.s. I always knew politicians were animals  lol"
"A lot of the things I treasure about the book have already been said, but a big issue to me in the book, was how it so accurately portrayed through metaphores, the exact way things in history happened! It definitely makes  you stare at it in a different light, since rather than being a part of it  (well, part of the human race), your looking down at it all.  ""Ignorance is bliss..."", a quote I've heard many people say to  me.  This book proves that quote wrong though.  All the animal followers of  the pigs, do not have minds for themselves!  Communism couldn't have gotten  as far as it had, if people had just thought for themselves, and hadn't had  the attitude of especially Boxer who would always say, ""Napolean is  always right."".  They just accepted their rules and their  commandments.  Most of the animals could not read either, which became a  major problem when it came to the way the rules were made.  This was one  point I thought it portrayed greatly...the importance of education...if we  are ignorant and just go along with whatever the speaker/leader is talking  about (when Snowball was still there, it was said that the animals always  seemed to believe whoever was talking at the time), then things like this  are pronned to happen."
"Animal Farm / 0-679-42039-8Though written in a whimsical fairy-tale fashion, ""Animal Farm"" carefully uncovers the slow, steady means by which a fascinating and frightening ruling class can rip the rights away from the common workers.All animals are equal, the ruling class gently assures the workers, but some animals are more equal than others. So if you could just work a little hard, a little longer, for a little less food every day, for a less comfy place to sleep on, it would really help the cause and the country. The goodnatured workers nod their heads, shrug their shoulders, and press onward, but with minds clouded with doubt and pain. They are plagued with a sense of unfairness, a sense that - perhaps - the pigs that fail to contribute to the work or to the food supply, could themselves eat a little less, perhaps. Just to help the cause. But never fear! With the twin motivators of fear and awe, coupled with the numbing Lethe of little food, less rest, and no warmth, the sweet animals of Animal Farm will gladly give all their labor, life, and litters to the privileged.After all, they may be exploited, but at least they are exploited by one of their OWN. And therein lies the absolute heart-rending tragedy of ""Animal Farm"".~ Ana Mardoll"
"is the story of a revolution betrayed, a paradise substituted, and an ideal shattered.  Old Major's fiery speech inspires and defines the animals' revolution.  He hopes that one-day they will live in a communal  society run by the animals for the animals.  In the society that forms  after the revolution, Napoleon (who represents Stalin or any leader like  him) achieves absolute power.  Napoleon and the other pigs distort Old  Major's dream, changing the original concept from doctrine (Animalism), to  ""unalterable law"" (the Seven Commandments), to slogans (Four Legs Good, Two  Legs Bad).  By the end of the book, the reverse of what Major originally  intended occurs.  Animal Farm testifies to the power of language to change  and control society, for both good and ill.  Major first uses language to  free the animals; Napoleon then uses it to enslave them.  The wrongs that  Major denounces in his speech, the pigs eventually commit, using distorted  forms of his views to back up their actions.  Napoleon gains power through  the twisting of language and the rewriting of history in order to control  the future.  As the language that defines the ideals of Animal Farm is  distorted, so is the reality, revealing that power over language is power  over reality."
"The strongest message I can see this book delivering is the tenacity of elitism. So many political movements try to place the blame for the class system or pecking order on the system they are fighting, when in truth it's a basic facet of human nature. Under communist rule, nations merely trade one elite for another--the bourgeoisie for the Party ""central committees"". Human nature at its current stage of evolution is not ready for equality. We must never confuse resentment at being lower than we might prefer in the ""food chain"" with a bona fide belief in equality. It's not the same, as revolutions have proven again and again. The classic saying ""everyone is created equal, but some are more equal than others"" originated right here in these pages. The allegory to that in this book is the way the pigs lead the ""revolution"" against the human farmer, and become the new ruling class in the process. As with communism, this is done with a lot of ""progressive"" doctrine and holier-than-thou pontificating--put 'em under your thumb and make them think they like it. The definition of ""treason"" or ""sedition"" remains the same--disagreement with the status quo. The closing line of the Who's classic song comes to mind: ""Meet the new boss, same as the old boss."""
"George Orwell was not only the author of 1984 but Animal Farm as well as written numerous essays, articles, etc. about his take on politics. In 1984, society was in the future under a totalitarian dictatorship where nothing was sacred or left to chance. In Animal Farm which I think it's more effective and definitely better reading material than 1984 is the story about a farm of animals who take over the farm against Jones, a drunken, abusive farmer and master of Manor Farm. At first, the rules were applied but slowly changed according to the leaders' rules. The animals in charge were symbolically pigs named Napoleon and his right-hand man, Snowball. Napoleon begins breaking the rules by sleeping in the main house and having parties with the other pigs. The rules or commandments are representative of Moses and the Jews when they were going to the promised land and received the ten commandments. Also, the rules begin to change when the pigs in charge become more like Jones by abusing alcohol and even killing other animals when they disobeyed. Slowly, the animals that were once united by their hatred towards Jones were becoming divided again amongst themselves. The story is quite a classic novel and better suited for younger readers than 1984."
"Exremely well done demonstration of reality It's always been known that's much easier to see faults when it doesn't concern yourself, that's the trick of fairy tales and also in the story of the Animal Farm. Of course you're always on ""the goods"" (the animals without the pigs) side while reading, even if you're pretty sure that you never would be as blind as them. In fact, I think we all are in a way, right now. And I think we're all like the pigs to in a way. Who really thinks himself equal to all others, you take what you can, and if you don't then only because it gives you an advantage in another way! Reading this book doesn't mean just understanding the actions, no you have to read between the lines and I promise a deeply analysis of human beings and human systems."
I read the book to my kids including the 7 year old and they got profound insights from it.  Marvelous book.
Didn't have a chance to read this one in high school. Read it without knowing what it was about. Great book.
"I have enjoyed this book very much.  At first I really expected it to one of those fairy tail stories for younger kids, so I didn't really expect to like it very much.  In fact the only reason that I decided to read this  book is because it looked like it would be easy to read.  I found out very  quickly that it is very easy to read and comprehend.  It is also very  interesting.  Your imagination can run wild while you are reading this book  if you'll let it.  George Orwell, in my opinion, is an absolutely wonderful  writer.  He shows exactly what he is feeling in his heart in a way that is  very easy to understand, for people of all ages.  I would recommend this  book to anyone looking for a book that will let you use your imagination,  and help you to think like a kid again."
"At the time Animal Farm was written, this is clearly an allegorical tale with a political agenda, particularly the Russian Revolution and the Communist Soviet Union, but I find this tale to be perpetually relevant to mankind in general. Power can change the best of humans and entice them to do things that are wrong and knowingly so. But greed and pleasing of the flesh are so destructive that over time right and wrong are intertwined such that no force can pull them apart. Animal Farm is a well-told story that delivers both on an entertaining level as well as delivering a powerful moral message to keep our guard up and not fall victim to our own carnal desires. George Orwell does an excellent job in portraying both sides of good and evil. Animal Farm is a must read in my mind."
"We need to get copies of this book into China by the boatload. What a fantastic pamphlet against tyranny by socialist/fascist revolution.The point of the book is I think, that socialism fast leads to fascism and tyranny. Vacuums of power are always filled by not necessarily the best leader, but the strongest and most willing to coerce and corrupt. Communism is a wolf in sheeps clothing that doesn't lead to happy farmers sharing tools, but autocracy, plutocracy, and other ill forms of government.While reading I couldn't help constantly thinking about how this should be required reading for all Chinese citizens. This book is specifically banned there because anthropomorphic fiction is banned. Screw that, we need this book out in the streets of Beijing."
"This book, even though the begining isn't that interesting the more you keep on reading the better it gets and in the end it is a really good book. This book has animals for the main character but what it talks about refers  to the human race. This book tells us the many characreristics of man;both  the good and he bad. Animals in this story show how different people in  different 'ranking' of our society is treated and acts differently.  Read this book and see what animal represent you the most. It is definitly  worth your time. This book is informative yet it has humor and suspense.  Some parts makes you laugh or makes you cry and get mad. So just try it  out, if you like the book cool, if not hey at least you got a taste of what  the Russian Revolution was like!"
"Better (?) than a horror movie because it's real. Monarchy, revolution, communism, state capitalism. Sound familiar? Check the Olympics.Animal Farm catches you off guard with the animal characters, sucks you in and keeps the plot fast. History of the Soviet revolution in an hour of entertainment. But it quickly ceases being entertaining, and becomes very realistic. Ride up the roller coaster of genuine hope that communism could work, and then down into the depths of war and murder. Finally, settle into a gray, hopeless dictatorship that lasted 70 years for the USSR, but repeats itself in other countries today. If you want the power of irony, this is about as powerful as it gets: these animals do kill each other (if not their own species). Pigs! Sounds like ... people."
"A good warm-up to George Orwell's greater work, Animal Farm is a satire of the Soviet Union told through the episodes of a farm that has been taken over by it's animals.The heavy symbolism in Animal Farm is apparent everywhere. The competing Snowball & Napoleon being obvious metaphors for Leon Trotsky & Joseph Stalin. The windmill being another metaphor for the Soviet economy.The time I spent reading Animal Farm, although brief, was enjoyable. The plot moved along at a nice pace and the events were well timed. I would recommend this book to those even not interested in reading 1984 or learning much about communism. Even without the political and philosophical messages, Animal Farm would still make an interesting story about animals taking over a farm."
"It all starts out as a dream an old pig, Major, has about a society run by animals where all animals are equal.  Soon after Major's death, the Rebellion happens.  The animals take the farm, and a new civilization is  begun.  It all starts out well, but Napoleon the pig takes over and begins  a Totalitarian government, run by the more intelligant pigs.  Soon, their  first commandment is changed from ""All animals are equal."" to  ""All animals are equal.  Some are more equal than others.""  That's those Commies for ya.  It's an intriging look at the Communist  take-over of Russia in 1917 and how the longed after utopia was changed to  conditions even worse than what was thrown out.  The end was abrupt, but I  guess you can't have everything.  A must read."
"You could make a pretty good case that this short masterpiece should be #1.  Orwell deals with the Russian Revolution via a barnyard allegory.  The wise pig Major has come to the end of his days on Manor Farm. Before departing, however,  he shares his dream of a world without Man.The animals of Manor Farm soon revolt and establish Animal Farm, where ""All Animals are Equal"".  This utopian ideal proves to be short lived as the pigs begin to take power and soon there are denunciations, show trials, rationing, special privileges for pigs & finally we find that while all animals are equal, ""but some animals are more equal than others"".It's a simple, but brilliant, satire that pretty much devastates Marxism.GRADE: A+"
"This book is amazing. When I first heard about it, I thought it would be a  nice little fable for small children. But if you read it on a political and  social level, you will see how Orwell wants to show how the ideas of a  Utopian ideal society can eventually be transformed by manipulation into a  totalitarianist government. It starts off as equality to all animals, but  it ends up with the pigs having all control and receiving everything the  farm produces. The best characters are the totalitarianist, supreme leader,  Napoleon. And the other one is his head broker of ideas, Squealer. I highly  advise that everyone reads this book and at the end, I am certain you will  be more informed about how government can change, and how each system  functions."
"At the time of Animal Farm's, and 1984's first publish, certain European powers were on the rise.  George Orwell seems to have been the only one ready enough and intelligent one to take on Hitler and Stalin.  While  others hid in their cupboards in fear of an air raid.  Orwell spent longs  hours at his desk putting on the finishing touches to his masterpieces.  Even if Hitler had taken over the world (thank God he didn't), Orwell would  have been there making the brainwashed realize the evil and wrong doing  behind the Nazi beliefs.  In my personal opinion, Orwell affected World War  II as much as Eisenhower and Churchill did.  Only he made people, years  later, remember just how important freedom, life, liberty, and a caring  government really are."
Bought the book for my granddaughter-& read it again myself. It's just as good as it was the first time!
"Perhaps there will never be a criticism of totalistic state as Orwell has made in writing this thinly veiled criticism of the former Soviet Union.The reality of the imagery is palpable from the start. A pig representing the ruling class (Including one named ""Trotter"" a reference to Trotsky). Guard dogs acting as guards and terrorizing the populace while the ruling pigs change the rules to their own benefit while depriving the working class of their animal rights at their whim. This work is pure genius and if you haven't read it since seventh grade, do yourself a favor and give it another look.Orwell has created a masterpiece that will endure through the ages, except perhaps where it is needed most, totalitarian states.Francis J. O'Reilly"
"Everything I needed to know about politics I learned from Animal Farm.  Every revolution contains the seeds of its own corruption and the next revolution; one privileged class is always replaced by another.  As long as human nature is what it is, the need for revolution will not end and the manipulation of public sentiments will not end either.  All the usual suspects are personified here in the gullible sheep, to the loyal ""work horse"" who falsely believes his work makes him valuable to the party, to the pigs who learn to take advantage of their positions for their own gain at the expense of the others.  The governments tendency to use people for its own ends cannot be ignored in this all too familiar alegory.  A must read before you vote."
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues.  Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues.  Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues.  Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"Rememeber Animal Farm?  Those days of high school lit classeswith Mrs. Brown at the head of the room explaining all of thesymbols and allegory.  Well thanks to Ralph Steadman many readers are rediscovering the clasic Orwell novel.  You might recognize Steadman from his illustrations for Dr. Hunter S. Thompson's Curse Of Lotho, among other books.  Steadman's art work adds a new element to this work by recreating the horror and corruption that plays such a central role in the text of the novel.  Snowball, Major, and Boxer are all found here in Steadman's unique and disturbing style.  The art offers the reader disturbing portrayals to match the even more disturbing ideological subtext offered some fifty years ago by George Orwell."
"This political satire is amazingly profound but still a very enjoyable read. It directly deals with ""Communist""-style systems of government, but it also shows the danger of any system of government that claims ""equality"" but requires a loss of rights. Any cursory knowledge of government systems and/or world history shows how accurate Orwell was in his description of how this style of government comes to power on the promise of equality and yet devolves into tyranny. Even though the main characters are animals, Orwell does a good job connecting them to the reader, to the point that the reader actually feels sorry for them when something bad happens. This book should be required reading for any course on government or politics."
"Like most books i end up reading, this one was for my english class. Naturally sceptical at first, considering I'm a sophmore reading what seemed like a silly childrens book, I began reading through the tiny little book. It came to me as a great surprise that this was no children's book at all. The tone it sets is that of an angry old man trying to scare his grandchildren through the medium of a story. That's the great irony in this book: that it seems innocent at first, but then burns communism in such a great way that would make any true capitalist laugh. And since the book's short, your really not losing too much by reading this. its A great read for your time."
Was glad to see this book is on my granddaughter's summer reading program.  I've been disappointed with some of the reading material available to middle school.  I'm sure she will enjoy this book even though she may not have chosen it herself.
Once you start reading Animal Farm you'll never want to put this book down. This book is like your living in a comunist country but in a farm setting. In my opinion everyone in the would should read this book so no one could repeat the past.
"This book has been on my ""to read"" list for a while.  A satire of Orwell's opinion on totalitarianism, particularly on Stalin's rule, it was an interesting read.When the animals at the Manor Farm decide to have a rebellion and overthrow the humans things are good for a while.  But when a stubborn pig named Napoleon takes over, things take a turn for the worse.  The animals are turned into the slaves of the pigs, yet are constantly reminded how things are better for them now then under oppressive human rule.This was a very quick read and also entertaining.  It was actually very hard to put down, which surprised me.  I was totally concerned about what was going to happen to the animals under Napoleon's rule.  This is a very good read and points out a lot of problems with past and modern political systems.  It details the evil of being politically ignorant in a humorous but very effective way.  I was impressed with how convincing Napoleon's arguments to the animals were, from the outside it looks silly, but from the animals' perspective Napoleon seemed more reasonable than he should have.This book teaches something that I think a lot of us are aware of from history, but it does it in a wonderfully engaging and humorous way.  I was surprised at how easy to read and well-written this book was; it is a book that has aged well and will apply pretty much forever.Overall I am glad I read it.  I recommend that everyone pick up this book and give it a read through.  It is a quick read and is something that will stick with you; a great cautionary tale about how government can lull the populace into submission while taking advantage of them."
"Animal Farm is an excellent literary analogy of human nature, not just communism.  Definite mandatory reading at some point in your life.  Orwell's work is short and informative and written in an entertaining easy to read format."
"""Animal Farm"" was written by George Orwell and I would rate this book a four star.Although not one of my outmost favorites, ""Animal Farm"" stands out from all the other books that you might see in your local library.  From a glance, this book is a story of a small farm in England called Manor Farm, which tries to, and successfully throws out the humans and thrive without the pesky beings eating the fruit of their labor.  The rebellion starts from Old Major's dream, which reminds the animals of their ancestors' dream, and the song, ""Beasts of England.""  The animals set down the laws of ""Animalism,"" and paint the Seven Commandments on the walls of the main barn.  The humans try to re-inhabit their farm which the animals renamed, ""Animal Farm"" and created a green flag and a symbol representing the independence of the animals.  This conflict results in the battle of the cowshed and windmill.  Snowball disappears to another neighboring farm.  Everyone gropes for someone to be their scapegoat and blame their misfortune on, and when Snowball leaves they find that person.  The farm creatures attempt to design and build a windmill.  They get it completed, but their enemies, the humans, return with dynamite and destroy it. To see if they ever get the windmill back up, and if the pigs will tyrannize the farm, and if the humans will reclaim their farm, read ""Animal Farm,"" by George Orwell.Do you enjoy other classics where animals struggle to overcome nature or themselves?  If you said ""yes,"" then I would recommend you to read ""White Fang,"" and ""The Call of the Wild.""  I'm a seventh grade middle school student in North Carolina."
"Few authors have been capable of holding as individual a style as Orwell, for whether it is Nineteen Eighty-Four or Animal Farm, Orwell makes sure he stamps his beliefs onto the reader.  Here in what Orwell describes as a  'fairy story' we see the bitter irony of socialist politics and  collectivism corrupted by those very elements they initially overthrew -  elitism.  Animal Farm is a short read, and because of this, it has to be  intense, which it is.  The moral engagement of the reader is exceptional -  for Boxer, Old Benjamin, and the ruling pigs (Napoleon/Squealer) are all  styled to draw from us a unique response. Yet Animal Farm, with its great  potential and success, fails to develop as much as an innovative idea such  as that it uses could offer.  The novel, it seems, tends to stop developing  by about the fiftieth page, the 'political' structure of the farm in place.  After that Orwell only gives extensions off the back of what happens  earlier in the novel.  That is not to say the novel does not have impact -  it does, but by the concluding pages I, at least, was yearning for more.  More injustice, or a happy resolution via a new Rebellion, or a development  of the social structure of the farm along the lines it had started to take,  would all have performed a great encore.  A wonderful skeleton of a novel  exists, but in a sense, it lacks 'meat on the bones'. It is well worth a  quick read, don't doubt it.  And the numerous strands of themes running  through the pages are not to be missed.  Yet, something about Orwell's  style here - apart from his trademark 'depression' - is not fully  exercised.  But there is something there"
"On Manor Farm, the animals there feel that they are overworked, underfed, and treated unfairly. As Old Major (one of the older pigs) said, ""Man is the only real enemy we have. Remove Man from the scene, and the root  cause of hunger and overwork is abolished forever."" The barnyard  animals agree with Old Major and decide to overthorw their cruel master,  Mr. Jones.  After an unexpected take over of Manor Farm, the animals  elect the pigs as their rulers. Two of the pigs happen to be Snowball and  Napoleon. These two are the main leaders of the farm. With Snowball and  Napoleon as rulers, many adventures lay ahead for the animals on Animal  Farm (formerly Manor Farm). Adventures of war, defeat, deceitfulness, and  changes in every day living. In the end, a strange twist occurs that may  surprise you.  ""Animal Farm"" is a powerful look at how a  government and leadership applies to many people. Many countries are in  basically the same situation as the animals of this story. That is what I  think makes ""Animal Farm"" such an interesting book. I also think  it is interesting how the author, George Orwell, puts certain animals with  certain personalities and how certain things that may seem small turn out  to be a major event in the book. I think it is awesome how George Orwell  uses this in his writings.  If you are into a book where defeat and  leadership are a main subjet of the book, or you just like to read about  talking animals, I would highly recommend the book ""Animal Farm""  by George Orwell. It has been a favorite in my bookshelf for years and I  hope it will soon be part of yours."
"I have just recently finished reading the book Animal Farm,written by George Orwell, with a four star rating by me.  I think Gorge Owell got this book off to a great start.  That is what earned a star.  It all starts out on a cold night when Mr. Jones goes in the house without noticing that the gate to the animal barn was left unlocked.  This automatically got my imagination zooming on what could happen with the gate unlocked.  You will have read the book to find out.  Onthe farm there is a pig named Old major.  His real name is Willingdon Bueaty.  He is a prize winning middle-white boar OWNED by Mr. Jones.  He has thick fur/hair with black and white spots on him.Old major likes to share his dreams with the farm, because he feels that they have great and powerful meanings to them.  He is very respected on the farm also.  The detail in this book is so grand also.  For example, I think the best detailing is done when George Orwell is explaining what the farm looks like.  Also when he describes what Old majors' living space is.  The dtiling is so great in this book that I give it two more of the four stars, that I rated it.  Most books you read only give settings at some of the locations in the book, but this book details almost every change of setting.The fourth and final star i give this book as with all books goes to the autgors credit.  He deserves this star for putting forth the effirt to give us this amazing piece of literature.  The only reason i did not give this book a fifth star is because no book is perfect, there is always things that can be added to it.  I give this book an age rating of eight and up.  ANIMAL FARM IS A WINNER!"
"George Orwell's, Animal Farm is not only an accurate description of the Russian Revolution but of its key players as well.  When you discover whom each animal in the story represents and how the events are parallel to real events of the Russian Revolution, you begin to realize what a truly innovative book this is.  Orwell has combined his creative imagination with historical fact and has created a work that has lived well beyond his years.Aside from Orwell's historical overtones, I believe there is a more universal focus that applies not only to the Russian Revolution but to every single conflict of the world in human history: abuse of power.Acton's Law dictates, ""Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.""  The purpose of this ""law"" is not to stress how power over anyone is wrong, quite the contrary.  A mother must have the authority to discipline and protect her child, even against the child's wishes, and the same principle can be applied on a larger scale.  The focus lies with the absolution of such power and with the authority that goes unregulated.If a law is to be deemed just, what applies to one member of a society must apply to all members of a society.  Animal Farm shows us what happens when members of a society are exempt from certain ""laws"" and even when those ""laws"" are broken they are exempt from appropriate punishment.  Orwell tends to show us the more negative side of politics and like his work, 1984, Animal Farm is no exception.  I liked this book and I recommend it to anyone with even a passing interest in politics."
"I absolutely loved this book!  I was told by so many people that they hated it but I would have to say that has to be directly connected to how young they were when they read them (8th grade).  I understand that this book is a classic and that everyone should read it at some point in their life but it definitely needs to be when you're old enough to understand all of the crazy things that are happening in this story.  I had never read this book before, although I knew the entire story, and I can honestly say I'm so glad that I waited to read it till I was older because I don't think I would've enjoyed it nearly as much.This will always be not only a classic but will also always be a glimpse into the future.  I had a conversation with my Mother after I read this book and she kind of laughed and jokingly said ""well do you think Orwell's predictions came true?""  I honestly had to laugh in response.  I told her of course what he wrote has come true.  That's because the topics of discussion in this story are ones that will continue to cause havoc to our world for as long as mankind is around.  It will happen over and over again.  The most recent thing I can associate this story with is the Patriot Act.  That's what I was thinking about the entire time I was reading this.  You've got a bunch of ""people"" who are willing to just believe whatever anyone tells them and never ask questions.  And if they do ask questions they are satisfied with the response, whatever it is, just because someone told them.This is a great way to remind yourself to always question, always research, and always think for yourself."
"Animal Farm is a clever book about a group of mistreated animals who decide that they will take a stand, and take over the farm. All seems to be going well when the pigs, lead by Napolean, decide that they are better than all other animals. My favorite parrt in the bok was when the men came and blew up the windmill which the animals had been strenuosly working on. The Animals suddenly ran out and drove off the men. I think that this is a good book because it has so many hidden meanings. It is interesting how the author, George Orwell, used the book as a clever allergory on the Russian revolution. Also, I like how Orwell uses the pigs to show us that with power, the opressed can become the opressers."
"As all of you probably know, ""Animal Farm"" is a story about a group of animals who decide to rebel against their farm owner in order to obtain for themselves a better life in the form of more food and freedom from humans, the tyrants. At first, everything looks surprisingly promising. The animals are indeed eating better and are even enjoying more equality and freedom. However, as time passes by, the animals' plans start to crumble and the future doesn't seem as rosy as before. The pigs have some other plans for the farm. Orwell's writing is excellent and brilliant as always. The analogies between the animal farm and communism are witty and painfully funny. ""Animal Farm"" is political satire at its best"
"ANIMAL FARM is a very well written little satire that actually is quite hilarious in places. Scholars of the beginnings of the former USSR  may enjoy dissecting the novel and figuring out who or what on the old ""Manor Farm"" Orwell meant to represent what reality in Russia.  Happily, the rest of us can simply enjoy the cleverly drawn animal characters who exhibit many familiar human traits.  This is a great book to teach that can spark many interesting discussions that touch on history, sociology, psychology and politics while showing students qualities of good literature.  Many kids who think they won't like ANIMAL FARM end up being pleasantly surprised and not just because of the brevity of the text."
This book continues to shine as a classic due to its originality and depth.  Orwell's work was very bold and daring for its time and had much to say about the social and political milieu of his day.  This book sparked much controversy due to its anti-Russian sentiments (it was rejected by Orwell's regular publisher).  High schools continue to make this book required reading because it shows perhaps more than any other book how a story can be used as a platform for social commentary.  I recommend this book highly.  You will do yourself a favor if you freshen up on the events leading up to and during the Stalin's rule before diving into this one (here is a starting point: wikipedia.org/wiki/Stalin_era).
"Animal Farm is a complex book.  I hate it when conservatives/republicans use it as an excuse to bash liberals.  For example, the review titled ""Liberal Pigs"" is a ridiculous and inaccurate interpretation of this masterpiece.  If whoever wrote that bothered to do a little research on Orwell (well actally Blair), they would know that he was in fact a socialist. He was not against Socialism, he was against people who take something that is supposed to be egalitarian and benificial for all into something used for their own advatage (like Stalin).  To whoever wrote that: next time you start making assumptions about one of the greatest books ever written, I suggest you know what you're talking about first."
"Keep in mind as you read Animal Farm that Orwell is one of the few writers who  knew what of he wrote. He had experienced first hand the lies and deceptions of those in power when he volunteered to fight the Fascists during the Spanish Civil war, an experience that just about cost him his life. Through allegory Orwell effectively and clearly describes how easily and unscrupulously those in power can abuse it. This message will never lose relevance and reminds each and every one of us to hold our leaders accountable for every decision they make. If we choose to overlook their questionable actions or are too cowardly to call attention to overreaches of authority, then we deserve the dire consequences."
"I find it curious that George Orwell was a socialist when the ""fairy tale"" he describes is not an infrequent outcome of socialism -- of good intentions by sincere people going terribly awry and people (animals)  worse off from whence they started. Since it is a fairy tale, I assume  people can derive from it whatever message they wish. I believe Animal Farm  to be an accurate, albeit accelerated, would-be history of the path of  socialism and other idealistic utopian schemes. The book is short and easy  to read. It's also enjoyable and somewhat humorous. But one turns the final  page with an unsettling sadness that the animals could have easily  represented the attributes of human beings."
This book is brilliant...it's about a society who have been over worked and wronged who finally realizes the they are important as the people who overwork and insalve them..so they revolt and start a revolution. They stand up for their rights...they win the revolution and start there own consitution and live there lives ..but than a hilter like figure sneaky pushes his way to the  top and weasels his way to dictatoship...they again must fight against one of their own...what makes this book brillant is that it's twist is it's throu the animals eyes...so is why it's called animal farm. This is a must have in any libary...
"I thought this book was very good. It is pretty much about stalin and overtaking trotskee and what happened after.Old major gives a speech to the animals to overtake the farm. Three monthes later he dies. The pigs snowball(trotskee) and napoeleon (stalin) run the overtaking, soon after they harvest nothing happens. Then trouble stirs, napoeleon has his bodyguards(4 dogs) remove snowball from the farm.Napoeleon goes bad and kills many animals on the farm for working with snowball in killing napoeleon. It is suspending and surprising. It is a fearfull future of what might happen. young adults might not understand the political viewpoint but the action will make them want to read it."
"For anyone reading Orwell or the classic novels, Animal Farm is a must read.  While not as complex or intriguing as 1984, Animal Farm nonetheless is worthwhile in its own right.  The book is essentially an argument against Totalitarianism or Communism delivered through an allegory of a group of animals on a farm.  The dynamic between the animals and the farmer is the medium Orwell uses to make his case.  Although it is a relatively simple and short story, it conveys a powerful message.  The book was written after ""Homage to Catalonia"", Orwell's autobiographical description of his participation in the Spanish Civil War and indeed takes on new and greater meaning when read after HtoC."
"I really don't know how to explain why this book is so good.  It mocks the Russians, and is more than just a bunch of talking animals who take over a farm.  What the animals create is a civilation just like ours... maybe even better.  In our world, the most powerfull people, naturally, become the most respected.  In this case, the most powerfull people are the pigs, who, because they are smarter than the rest of the animals, become the rulers, the respected.  Soon the pigs become more and more power hungry.  The pigs change the laws the animals created.  They become greedy.  And finally, when the pigs decide to start trading with humans, the other animals become unable to tell human from pig."
"i thought that book was very interesting. it was different from other books that i have read. instead of having people as the main characters, they have animals. it is full of backstabbing and lying. i would reccomend  this book to others because it is full of conflict, and it makes you want  to keep reading on. you will keep turning the pages one after one. this  book was also very good because it gets you into the book. the author  creates a perfect picture of everything that is going on, and you will not  have to re-read. it makes you feel as if you are there. i was very mad at  one point in the book. i highly reccomend this to anyone who is searching  for a good, imaginative, work of art."
"the common perception is that orwell uses farm animals to illustrate the inherent failings of communism/socialism.  while that was certainly his aim, he was really describing frailties common in every human society, should they go unchecked.  it is an excellent, sad story.  he was obligated to use an untraditional ending - anything else would allow people to forget the story all too soon.  an excellent warning about the evils of communism, this work reminds the reader of stalin's purges, kruschev sending his political enemies to obscure siberian cement plants, and mao enslaving hundreds of young subjects in his concubine service.  the true face of dictatorships ""for the people""  -ok"
"In an easy to read style, Orwell parallels human politics with a cast of farm animals. Each animal has its strength and weakness, and unique abilities which place them in unique positions within the divisions of labor. These differences play out in an all too human way in the quest for self government and equality.Orwell portrays the cyclical nature of politics, from the overthrow of a dictator, to freedom, to planning, to chaos, to the ushering in of a new dictator.The characters ring true, and the problems they encounter in the quest for self governance ring even more true.This book is short and easy to read, but rich with parallels and insights.  I highly recommend it."
"Animal Farm is a brief, easy to follow parable.  It follows the pathology of a society from a democracy to a totalitarian state.  By implementing empty promises, revisionist history, a propaganda minister and a special police force, a group of self-appointed intellectuals can by small increments assume control over a weary, easily duped public.  In this way the story serves as an indispensable lesson to any free society to remain vigilant, in the fear that it could suffer the same degeneration -- which, given the current state of our educational system, should make it banned from schools within our lifetime, LOL."
"I love this book! Heck, I've read it 3 times and enjoyed every minute of it!  This book confronted very serious issues in a very unique way.  First, there was the ""slavery"" of the animals under Jones.  With Major's glorious speech and the singings of the Beasts of England it was truly heart touching.  Then, the rebellion and battles.  Sometimes I really felt like strangling Napoleon like when he expelled Snowball from the farm and changed and ruined everything the animals had worked for.  I cried when Boxer died too.  If I could write a sequel to this book I would definetly have Napoleon killed.  I would entitle it ""The Second Rebellion"".  Poor, poor clover. Good-bye."
This book calls out Uncle Sam. It should be a must read for the aspiring politician.
"I loved this book. actually I should start off by saying that i am 14 and i read this book about 2 years ago when i was 12. i consider myself a pretty intelligent person, and at 12, yes, i was able to pick up on the politics of the story. actually it touched me very much, and it made me very sad.  i don't know why i havent read the book more than once, but i most definetly will in the near future. If you don't understand the political aspects of this book then i doubt you'll enjoy it..afterall you are missing the entire point of the book. if you think you will understand the idea of it, then i certainly, highly recommend you read this book..and then read Orwell's other masterpiece, 1984"
"We give this book four stars because it contains many true elements of history and illustrates them cleverly using animals. Since we have just spoken about USSR in our history class we found it interesting to recognise the parallels between the characters of certain animals in the book and the real historical figures. Old Major, for example, stands for Marx and Napoleon for Stalin (whereas his megalomania is already contained in his name). What we further like about the book is, that the development of the farm with it's inhabitants is realistic. The film, on the other hand, ends unrealistic. A revolution would never have been possible at that time, because the leaders were too strong."
"The book ""Animal Farm,"" had its up and its down, meaning half of it was good and the other half was not so good.  The book is about animals who aren't treated right by their owners, and they start to rebel, then the animals have to get along and help each other out to survive.  It just makes you want to be kinder to animals if you own them or not.  Old Major is one of the characters who wants nothing to do with humans, and doesn't want any of the animals to turn into a human.  Later on at the end of the story one of the characters you would least expect gets as close to human as any other animal possible."
I've read this book every year since I first came across it in 2002. Great work. Love it a lot
"What do you do with ""Animal Farm""? It's a tad too short to stand on its own, but far too important to only appear as part of an anthology. In its 50th Anniversary Edition, Harcourt Brace comes up with the perfect solution: make it into a children's book. The trade size and large type gives this edition the eerily appropriate look of bedtime story, and the accompanying watercolors by Ralph Steadman (illustrator emeritus of all things swinish) are a perfect touch. The extra material-two prefaces, one a translation back into English from the circa 1947 Ukranian edition-is somewhat superfluous, but doesn't detract from the overall effect. This is the best version of Orwell's classic."
"Animal Farm, by David Orwell, is a spectacular book about a farm that is taken over by the animals that live there. The book tells how they work and manage on the farm It also tells the hardships they face.  My favorite  part was at the begining when they had to fight the humans off the farm.I  also liked the other time they had to battle with the humans.I would have  to say that my favorite charicter was Boxer the horse, I could really  relate with him. I thought his charicter got better towards the end also.  I would have to recommend this book to anyone. I think it would hold the  interest of a variety of ages. It was excellent. You need to go pick this  one up and read it."
"This is a classic book and a must read for anyone who is interested in history or politics. In his work, Orwell talks about the life of a group of animals on a farm who decide to overthrow their master. After overthrowing they planned to start a new government which at first is based on the animals being represented equally. As the book goes along however one can see how certain animals abuse their power.This is a great book for many reasons but mainly because it is easy to read and understand the links Orwell is making to communism. Animal Farm is a great story and Orwell does a great job developing characters in such a short time. Do yourself a favor and give it a look"
"This book was a well writen story of Communisum during the Rusian revolution. I enjoyed reading it. I feel that it is a teriffic explaination of Communisum and how Communist Dictators operate a society. It gives the  reader a better way to understand what happened and all the flaws in the  Rusian government. Animal Farm wasn't an adventerous or action packed book,  so I would not recommend this book to that type of readers. Eventhough the  book wasn't action packed, it was not boring either. This book is even a  good story for children to read with no understanding at all of the  political message. Overall, I think that it is a well writen book that  everyone should read."
"This book was a well writen story of Communisum during the Rusian revolution. I enjoyed reading it. I feel that it is a teriffic explaination of Communisum and how Communist Dictators operate a society. It gives the  reader a better way to understand what happened and all the flaws in the  Rusian government. Animal Farm wasn't an adventerous or action packed book,  so I would not recommend this book to that type of readers. Eventhough the  book wasn't action packed, it was not boring either. This book is even a  good story for children to read with no understanding at all of the  political message. Overall, I think that it is a well writen book that  everyone should read."
"when i first heard of this book thought it would very kiddy and kinda stupid, but once i had read two pages of it i knew it was the exact oppisite of what i had thought.the first part set's the mood for the whole story it is basedon the russian revolution. Each character is exactly alike a character in the revolution, for example benjemin the donkey is Joseph Stalin. i strongly encoraged anyone who hasn't read this book to read it and see how dead on correct Mr. orwell was about the revolution. He if you could it this but pridicted the whole revolution exactly how it happend in real life. The scary thing about this is that he predicted the whole thinghow it happended."
"The story of The Animal Farm itself is somewhat out there,but if you read between the lines and aply it to everyday life and look into history for aplications then you can get a special meaning from the book. The characters in this book seemed to come alive, the animals portraied all the different kinds of people you will incounter in life. The leaders,the quiters,the hard workers,and even the fakers. George Orewell used his talents as a great wrighter to speak out against communnism. Comming at the end of WWII, this book gave citizens a new look on communnism and the dictators who run communnist governments.All in all, i enjoyed reading and understanding this book."
"Over the past couple years I've begun collecting hardback copies of classic novels. Animal Farm was one of those we were forced to read freshman year in high school. A lot of my friends were proud to have read 'Animal Farm, because they actually made it through an entire book. But this short novel resonates even deeper when read with the eyes of middle age. Although written about Communism in the 1940s, it's really a blueprint for the stages of all who are corrupted by power at the expense of others. Labor will always be exploited by the clever, no matter what the political parties are called. And to use a simple barnyard as the setting is pure Orwellian genius."
"Great classic book.  If you need summer reading for your high schools kids, I recommend it."
"Animal Farm is about a free society that became a victim to dictatorship.  However, this was not obvious at first.  First one society (the animals) overthrew another (the owners of Manor Farm) in a rebellion they felt they put off for too long.  After years of turmoil, they finally got the courage to act on what they felt and rebel against their cruel owners (pg. 21-23).  In celebration of their victory, and to show that their harsh captivity was over, they burned, destroyed and buried all the objects that were a symbol of their terrible past: whips, chains, cuffs (pg. 23-24).  Their new society based on Animalism was doing fine, at first.  Their living conditions were at their highest, they had goals for the future, and all the animals were treated fairly equally.  Soon, though, the two leaders, Napoleon and Snowball, could no longer ignore each other's differences and Napoleon overthrew Snowball.  Under Napoleon's rule, the society began to crumble.  The work load of the animals increased, they got less food, and the punishments were cruel.  Most of all, the pigs abused their power and became unfair to the animals under them.  In conclusion, this story is an example of a society under dictatorship with cruel leaders, hungry for power."
"I don't see any point in writing that it was an excellent book because it just is so. It was superb. When I got the book and I had to finish it in a week or so, I was gonna have heart attacks but later I saw that half of the  book was actually the description of the book! Anyway, I'm sure I would  have read and finished it in 2 days even if it were 600 pages. I think  George Orwell did a great job in telling the tiniest details of the  animal-people, and how some can get on well and some can't with the changes  in the commandments, behaviors and reactions to the outer forces and to the  cunning and cruel Napoleon the pig's tricks. The sheep saying ""four  legs good, two legs bad"" and at the end this motto changing into  ""four legs good, to legs better"", the change in the commandments  such as the ""to excess"" addition to ""no animal shall drink  alcohol"", and the 7 commandments changing into only 1. This is all  great and true stuff. In our school, this was also put on stage and people  who couldn't get the chance to read the book watched the play and they  really loved it. ""They looked at to the pigs and to the men... pigs to  men... and they couldn't tell... which... was... which..."""
"Orwell shows the incrimental rise of tyrrany among barnyard animals. That's really what is at the heart of this book: the slow methodical creep of ever more constrictive, exploitive, and oppressive laws which transform a free society to a totalitarian dictatorship. Each step is slowly introduced, and introduced to the public in a calm and well-reasoned manner. If done skillfully, no individual step will incite the public to stand up and oppose the overarching plan to enslave them. Joesph Stalin came to power around 1922-26, depending on the criterion applied, but it took him another 10 years to really cement together his ironclad dictatorship. So it is with Napolean the Pig, who becomes the barnyard leader with the slogan ""All animals are created equal"", and only later quietly adds ""...but some animals are more equal than others."" The book unfolds in baby steps, slowly constructing a regime no better (indeed far worse) than the one it replaced. Once he removes the Farmer, Napolean purges potential rivals (e.g. the popular and beloved horse), trains a private army of attack dogs answerable only to him, and starts to set himself apart in a seperate and superior class from the other animals by walking upright like the Farmer did"
"'Animal Farm'...is like a bootleg '1984'.Seriously. (lol)I read the book when I was 16. I liked it well enough. The thing is: I read 'Animal Farm' AFTER '1984', so the themes were somewhat repetitious to me.I didn't read these books as part of a school reading project, mind you. I was just really into dystopian-style books. Actually, my English teacher sparked my obsession with 'Brave New World' which was a welcome and much-appreciated change from the 'Bronte' sisters!I can say with total honesty that 'Jane Eyre' is the only book that has ever put me to sleep! You have to understand the significance of that statement. I mean, this is coming from someone who took Acctg I & II. And anyone taking accounting courses (even intro) know dry material when they see it. 'Jane Eyre' is simply not my style, I suppose. But all in all, it's still one tough and boring read.LOLBIG anyway, don't get me wrong -- I 'got' the message (of animal farm). Still doesn't make a difference. Just wasn't that blown away by it. It wasn't that deep for me.Still, it's an engaging story. Funny. I'd rec this book to anyone.I lost the book some time ago...and had to reorder. I'm happy to have this in my collection."
"""Four legs good, Two legs bad"" the sheep said, but in the end they said, ""Four legs good, Two legs BETTER!"" This part of animal farm was the ending, but it was also my favorite part. Although you thought this might happen, it still came as a surprise and was a very drastic ending, showing that something like this couldn't work out while so many people were still as greedy as they are. My least favorite characters were also these sheep because of how they were always bleating, even though they didn't understand what they were saying, and ruining any chance to fight against the tyranny of the pigs. This book was very good because all of the easily recognizable allegories, as well as the better hidden ones. Although George Orwell is a very good author, I think he may have been able to do a better job of Communism, and made Animalism closer to it. I think I would both recommend this book to a friend (although they'll already have to read it, and read another book by this author to hear his good storytelling and view his unique perspective. I didn't learn much from this book, but I did see communism in another perspective, although I still think it could work if not for the greedy rulers that came into place."
"I read this at the same time ""the interview"" came out and one of the most poignant points of reading this, to me, was that there was a hilarious contrast in effectiveness of satire that served as a microcosm of big problems in modern culture. ""The interview"" was designed to stir up as much controversy as it could, to get people to spend money on it. It was created with profits in mind, because nobody wants to seriously discuss whatever horrors the regime is committing over there; trivialization of said horrors will bring in the big bucks. In addition, north Korea is widely unpopular throughout the world. Criticizing the DPRK is not a novel idea. Animal farm, on the other hand, was the exact opposite, written as something that people didn't want to hear at that time, about a country that was quite popular after defeating the nazis. Orwell's dedication to accurately depicting conditions and events in the USSR is remarkable, even painting Stalin in a positive way on one occasion when it is historically accurate (when the windmill is blown up, ""all but Napoleon"" take cover). I hope that someday art and literature will be merit-based again, not profit-based. This book is remarkable."
"It amazes me how one can read a book that was written sixty years ago and realize that book is more relevant today than it was when it was written.  This book joins a handful of others such as Orwell's ""1984"", Rand's ""Atlas Shrugged"" and Huxley's ""Brave New World"" which meet that criteria.The story follows the events on a farm which is taken over by the animals with the intent of creating a better existence for themselves.  As the story progresses, the laws of the farm change little by little until they bear no resemblance to the originals.This is a powerful and accurate portrayal of how the freedoms and liberties of a people can be taken away as long as it's done in tiny steps.  No thinking person would allow the right to vote or bear arms or practice free speech to be taken from him whole.  However, a small restriction on where one can vote... or a ""reasonable"" restriction on firearms... or a categorization of a certain type of speech as ""hate"" and therefore banned....  These are tiny changes which cause no alarm individually.  However, cumulatively, they add up to the narrowing of the scope of the rights and freedoms of the people."
"Best book ever written.  It's important to note that it is not only about Russian Communism but equally about the French revolution.  Orwell himself was a disillusioned socialist, so to view this book (as conservatives do) as a simple polemical against Communism is a distortion.  Rather it is a tragedy about many years of history.Orwell correctly never denies that Mr. Jones abused his animals.  He correctly recognizes the socialist dream as exactly that.  It's worth noting that the theme song of the revolution, ""Beasts of England"" is an exact parody of the old Socialist poem ""Men of England"" by Percy Shelley from the early 19th century.  The character Napoleon the pig is both Napoleon Bonaparte and Stalin.  Orwell's relentless cynicism portrays most of the animals as far too stupid to realize what's happening as the revolution betrays its original principles.  The most sympathetic character is the old donkey who knows better, but can only watch helplessly as the dogs and pigs establish their tyranny.  Its ending corresponds closely with Napoleon (Bonaparte) crowning himself king.As far as advice, Orwell offers none.  Figure it out yourself."
A classic. Still a classic. Forever will be a classic. History teachers: I recommend to buy several copies of this book when exploring Russian history with your students.
"Major had a good idea,but like Karl Marx's,it was not executed the way he thought.Snowball wanted full power,and got it by making extravigant promises-but,like Trotsky,was exiled before he got too much  power.Napolean wanted full power,and got it by training dogs  secretly,then getting rid of Snowball-and then said he would lead the  animals to freedom. Like Stalin,he established a dictatorship.Moses the  Raven told wonderful stories of the hereafter-and the animals needed to  hear those stories best when they felt downtrodden-for,like religon,Moses'  Sugarcandy Mountain was their Opium.Squealer was devoted to reporting  the news and like many newspeople,reported it only as he saw it and made it  sound good,no matter what!Boxer was devoted to work and the leaders-and  like the many workers in camps and factories,did his work mechanicaly until  he couldn't any more.Benjamin accepted that life was the way it was,and  saw the real truth behind the Rebellion-one ruler would only be replaced by  another.For those disppointed in the epilouge in the TNT version-try to  imagine it as a reference to the fall of Commuist Russia-which Orwell  didn't live to see."
"Though 'Animal Farm' allegedly is a story about dictatorships in general, the resemblance to the Soviet Union is remarkable. That is probably the reason why I appreciate it much more than '1984'. It's incredible that a  person living in a free world could possess such understanding of what  Soviet Union was really about and was also able to express it in an animal  tale with tens of ingenious and funny details that matched so exactly with  actual events in the USSR's history.I don't know if the book's of any  value for the people who have never lived in a Socialist society. But for  me, it'll always be THE ultimate political satire."
"It's a quick read, but in that short period of time it takes you across a number of extremes.  The lows of the animals ""pre-revolution"" days, the elation after the revolution, the ups and downs afterwards.  But of course the slow and steady decline.It's a pretty short story, so liberties have to be given to how quickly it moves along through the topics.  While, as expected, this keeps most of the side characters in the story rather bland and undeveloped, the main players do manage to pull you in.  And at least one section in particular is liable to have you closing the book with a sigh and a shaking of your head."
"This political fairytale is absolutely amazing! It is not so often that one can read about drunken pigs in the true sense of the word.Even though the end of the story shows the pigs and humans playing cards together, a handful of human heroes believe, that the farm would go bankrupt sooner or later and pigsticking can't be avoided. And they are right, even despite the pigs beginning to walk on their hind legs, thus completing their transformation into undistinguishable creatures. Orwell in a masterly way leaves it for a reader to decide at the end, whether this transformation has been made into Homo sapiens or Homo sovieticus."
"This book takes place somewhere in a farm in England. The book starts with all the animals meeting together in one big barn called by Major, an old pig who tries to pass on his will to the rest of the animals (since he knew that he was going to die from age), telling them to dislike mankind. What makes this a four star book is the human characteristics and ideas(tactics) of each animal. Such lines like,""The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man agin"" seems to be some kind of theme on humans. I personally like this book for its level of English and its nonfictional presence."
"Animal Farm, obviously, is a novel that takes place on a farm with barnyard animals, but it is much more. It begins with oppression and a totalitarian government with the master of the farm as a dictator. The animals manage to overthrow their master and for a while everything seems  fine. The animals are equal and happy. This cannot last because of greed.  The animals go through many different types of government and then end up  right back at the begining. This shows that communism does not work.  Although everyone is equal in the begining, the greed and desire to have  power will always lead to one having more than another."
"An Excellent novel. I read this when i was 14, and was a little disturbed. I read it again, and became less disturbed. It is by no means pleasant, but disturbance is a very effective way of reaching people. The ending is almost like a seal of approval for Orwell's geinus. I knew the central theme, but did not know Who the characters reprented, so I would like to thank the reviewer below who listed the people or events the character represented. Before you are forced to read this, rent a cpopy from the library, so you can know what you are in for."
"George Orwell was a socialist who found the ""socialism"" of the USSR shockingly abysmal and nauseating.  To the author, they were not following the ""true"" tenets of socialism.  So much so that the country was spiraling towards two polar opposites:  depravity, despair, greed, frugality, sated, starving.  Such is the truth, and story that the author so greatly transcribes in Animal Farm.  The book is astounding in its simplicity.  However, the simple story is a profound one.  The book is far from boring, and grips you with curiosity as to what on the farm will happen next.  Every person should read this short work of art."
This book is a little slow at the start but then springs into action with violent images and interesting stories and secrets. Animals are introduced in a different way like they can do humanabilities but the author introduces that they have struggles with it and I really appreciate that because in the story the three little pigs it was a snap to build a brick house. In this book it introduces the communism feelings that we humans have. So it gives you a really good perspective on politics and communism. This book was good but not great.
"Animal Farm is a must-read for anyone who feels that today's political system is nothing more than a self-serving arrangement devised to benefit only those in charge.  While this may be the case, after reading Animal Farm, the reader will understand why crying out for change is generally pointless, because of the fact that everyone is innately self-serving, and given the power to help themselves, everyone will do just that.  Animal Farm does a very good job of explaining how it is true that power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely."
"Animal Farm is a true story of the causes and effects of war, not only does it express true meaning but the story had a fictional twist, that makes the book all the more interesting to read. This book has knowledgable message, being that too much power is what the problem really is. Animals rebelled against man because of his selfishness for power and wealth, as it turns out, power does not destroy, only among men, but to those who try to grasp it. this book is exciting because there are some suprising twists. when you read this book you will feel victory, sadness, remorse and anger, and  this book is strongly recommended."
"I love this book for many reasons. Here are 2. I learned a lesson. And I love the descriptive way that George wrote this book. Humans are the most dangerous animals on this planet. Don't you realise that we need animals to  survive?! They are the superior ones, not us. All we are doing is just  destroying this planet. The animals are helping us. They are stronger. Long  live animals!! We are bad!!!!!!People should realise that the Indians lived  without machinery. Why can't we? We Could use computers still, but other  things we are capable of selling.(This book is a retelling version of  dictatorship and communism.)"
"It has been some time since I read the book, but I do remember that it  quite convincingly represents humans as pigs. I can add little else new to  what others have already said, except that Animal Farm stands as the  definitive, and to my knowledge the best, example of an allegory. By the  way, ""A reader from NJ, June 11, 1998,"" writes, ""It was  interesting to see how the pigs were the leaders, when in real life,  they're not very smart."" For the enlightenment of that reader and  others who may not have had the opportunity to deal with pigs, allow me to  note that they are in fact VERY smart."
"George Orwell's Animal Farm goes beyond being a great story. Orwell is able to tie his book in with important historical events. The story which takes place on a farm, is about the leadership of animals without human  interference. They eventually are able to reach their goal. However, upon  doing so some of the animals become un-loyal and dishonest to the animal  code or amendments.  I found this book to be very interesting and fun  to read. Through the eyes of the reader the story may seem odd or unreal.  The actions of the animals can easily be related to the actions of  important historical figures."
"I thought that this book was the best book that I have ever read. I like this book because they talk about animal life, and how the animals treat each other. I think that the animals treat each other unfairly. The reason that they treat each other badly is because the animals don't respect the rules at all, they break the rules, and the animals just do anything they want. The reason that they don't listen to the rules is because they think it is a free country but it is not. The animals break everything they see. I think that it is not right to let animals drink alcohol, sleep in beds, and live in the house."
"Anyone looking to study government/politics needs to read this masterpiece. When I first heard about it, I thought, how can animals teach us lessons about government? After reading this I have discovered they can. The farmer of a farm in England is overthrown by his animals, and the animals strive to create a government where everyone is equal. Unlike fairy tales though, this does not occur, and a true totalitarian dictatorship emerges. This book needs to be discussed though, one can not understand the true horrors of Napoleon's government without talking through it with someone else, most likely a teacher."
more children should read or listen to this... it is relevant to today's government
"Through the personification of animals Orwell is able to force us to look at how we live our lives.  The book was written to symbolize Communism but I feel as though this also can be applied to all facets for life.  I feel as though it goes to show that we as people will often follow along with the herd and not challenge the reasons why we do what we do.  If we are able to look into our lives and situations more and try to challenge the norm, we may be able to see the way things really are.  I look forward to reading 1984 next!"
"This book will always remain a timeless classic on anybody's book shelf. Orwell does a fantastic job in realiting real world events into an easy to follow plot.  His form of writting allows the reader much more understanding on the issue of totaltarianism, by linking it to a simple story anybody could understand a enjoy.  Only problem I find with this book is it some what takes on a childish form of writting, almost like one of a fairy tale or a kids story.  Had Orwell of just put a little more detail and emotion into the book, I would have givin it 5 stars.  But overall, I feel a must read for everyone."
"Spooky, if nothing else. The use of a word as childish as ""spooky"" would complement this book greatly, since the seemingly childish approach of using animals to prove a very human point at first seems `off center' or  unnatural. Orwell is a genius who paints an elaborate picture of society  ....with crayons. In an attempt to create a Utopian society, the self  appointed leaders of this book's revolution are seduced by the allure and  power of a possible dictatorship. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.  Orwell made no mistake when he chose the pigs as the closest mirror of our  (humans) most wicked ways."
"A classic that everyone should read. I purchased (2) of this particular hard-cover edition (Animal Farm: A Fairy Story) as gifts to family members because it was the only edition that included the rejection letter that Orwell received as well as his proposed introduction. I believe that the inclusion of both adds to the relevance to this tale. Although written as a veiled commentary of the Russian revolution, the story itself is as pertinent today as when it was first published. The same revolution has occurred multiple times since and, too often, with the same, tragic results."
"Animal Farm is a ten out of ten book for older children and adults.  It may be too sophistacted for younger children but once you get into it, the book is an amazing combination of action, dialogue and politics.A farm is being over worked.  The animals revolt in the beginning of the story.  Their take over was surprisingly easy. Of course later in the story the humans come back which takes the form of ""The Battle of the Cowshed,"" and ""The Battle of the Windmill.""  Over all, the book has several casualties.  One happens because an animal sees a traitor in a dream.This story could be too violent for young children.  Toward the middle of the story the pigs start changing the commandments that they wrote before the revolt.  Eventually they change the commandments from ""all animals are equal,"" to ""all animals are equal but some are more equal than others.""Later in the story the pigs (who are smarter) learned how to walk and started carrying whips.  They did it so gradually the other animals don't notice.The moral of the story is ""power is addictive once you have it you crave more.""  Furthermore it is almost impossible to find a good leader that cannot get addicted to control."
"As someone with a definate penchant for book collecting, I am used to having my books disappear on occasion.  Whether this is mostly from me lending books out (a common practice; I have now instigated a library-like process for friends wishing to borrow) or from stealing, I'll never know.  This is my fourth copy of Animal Farm, and I guarantee that no one will ever take it.What could be better that the meshing of farm animals, Stalinistic politics and acid-drenched cartoons?  Almost nothing I think.  For anyone who has a love for either Steadman's work or Orwell's masterpiece will find this to be a delightful edition.  It is also larger than I expected, doing much justice to the art, and in hardcover.A huge fan of all the aforementioned items, my jaw dropped when I learned about this collaboration. Happy now that it is in my possession, I'm quite satisfied with the purchase.  I would say that this is not a product for someone who is unfamiliar with Orwell or Steadman, then again, someone who knows neither wouldn't appreciate its anomaly.  I think Steadman chooses appropriate classic works to illustrate - Freud's bio and Farenheit 451 are two others that I hope to soon own."
"I chose this novel to read as an outside project.  It was on my high school book list, so I decided to give it a try. I must say that I was quite impressed with this novel.After reading the introduction I learned that this novel was a ""political fariy tail.""  As I read through the novel I also learned about the Russian Revolution and the history behind it.  I also learned how the characters in Animal Farm related to the individuals that participated in the Russian Revolution.  Most students think of the subject of history boring and unintersting, but if students could learn about history the way that George Orwell wrote it in this novel, students' interest in history would sky rocket.This particular novel was written in such a way that it was educational and interesting, which is usually very hard to find. I am still in awe on how impressed I am with this novel.The best quality of this novel is the ending.  It is quite a simple ending, but it makes the reader think deeply and have a greater appreciation for political views during this time period. I know that I have learned so much from this novel and I would recommend this book to absoultely everyone!!!"
"""Animal Farm"" is so short, so easy to read, and is so famous and influential, that the question is:  Why would you NOT read it?  If you are new to Orwell, then this is the perfect place to start.  It displays, in miniature, his characteristic skepticism, good sense, and keen insight into the corrupting effects of power.  It also hints at that underlying sense of guilt that pervades his longer works.The book was criticized at the time of publication for being a flawed fable, in that the pigs, being innately more intelligent than the other animals, were naturally fitted to be the masters.  I think that misses the point.  This is an allegory of human society, not a manual of animal husbandry.  Every character and incident in the story has a clear parallel in modern history.  Now that the Soviet empire is no longer with us, I suppose the allegory may not seem so relevant, but there still exist totalitarian regimes that came about as a result of a popular revolution being commandeered by extremists and, no doubt, there will be others in the future.  Some lessons of history should never be forgotten and Animal Farm is a great place for each new generation to learn them."
Orwell's depiction of the methods of totalitarian propaganda hold true today. The tragedy of intellectual laziness and ineptitude is visited upon this country daily.
my child enjoyed reading itvery fascinating book and characterswe both thought it was very lovelyalthough some words were hard to pronounce for her
"Due to the ingenious mind and masterful writing of George Orwell, Animal Farm is one of the greatest books ever written.  At a glance, this book is a ""fairy tale"" about animals taking over a farm and turning the farm into a utopia.  Without Mr. Jones (the owner) taking his share of the profits, the farm, under the tutelage of the pigs, thrives diligently for a year.  But the pigs become selfish and end up breaking all of the commandments that they had set forth, and life for all of the animals, except the pigs, worsens to the point that it is worse than when Mr. Jones ran the farm. In actuality, this story is about Orwell's disgust for communism.  Animal Farm describes the Russian Revolution that began toward the end of WWI, and also describes the leadership of the Bolsheviks under Stalin.  Stalin promised a society in that everyone is of equal worth, but he became greedy, as did the pigs in the story.  His rule became better known as totalitarianism, or tyranny.  Though Orwell dies in 1950, this book prophesizes the eventual fall of Russia.  Orwell's ideas can be summed up in one sentence, ""A communist society will inevitably fail because of greed."""
"If you wondered what the Russian Revolution and after was like without sifting through history class then here's your chance. Animals (common people in Russia) kicked out the farmer (the elite) and begin to form their own government after hearing Major (Marx or Lenin) about revolting against the cruelty of the farmer against the animals. Things went smoothly for a while as food is plentiful. However, Napoleon (Stalin) and Snowball (Trotsky) argues on how to govern the farm, which leads to Napoleon taking leadership after releasing trained vicious dogs to chase Snowball away. Things take a deep turn when Napoleon starts making the animals work for the pigs' benefit (the Communist party officials). This book is a good example on what happens when a revolution goes sour and corrupt leaders take over and the indifference and low knowledge of current events and happenings. The donkey, Benjamin is an example of the cynicism and the sheep are willing to do whatever Napoleon says. Illiteracy is a problem as very few animals can read. There is strong references and symbolism in this book and if you have the time to read this book by Orwell, I suggest you to do so."
A great anti-communist manifesto that kids and adults alike can read and understand. A great read to help educate against the modern day rise of American communism.
"Animal farm The book I read was called Animal Farm. It was about a group of animals who rebelled against there owner and formed there own farm. It was very exciting and I would recommend it to any one who would read it. In the story a pig named Snowball takes charge and becomes there leader. The animals teach each other to speak English and the pigs even learned to write. The pigs become the rulers while the other animals work.  Many animals did not think this was fair, I know I wouldn't. Eventually napoleon ""a large fat pig"" takes over the farm and Snowball was never to be seen again. There were many things in the book and the animals even learned to build a windmill to generate power.  got so advanced they started trading with humans and dealing with money.  Personally I think it's cool that They so smart and teaching them selves all these things. I really liked this book and would advise you to read it. It was a really out of this world book but it was still good. It Was one of the best books I had reading all year. I hope to read some other good books I could tell you about. I think you should go and read this book right know."
"I enjoyed reading the Novel Animal Farm by George Orwell. I like the Idea to show the past in a totally different way: animals representing (dangerous) people from the past. At the beginning it was difficult to find out which animal ""belongs"" to which person. It's odd how people (animals) develop and react when the get the chance of possessing the power. The result of it may turn out very horrible and cruel. The reader is unsatisfied at the end because there is no happy ending; the pigs start to walk on two legs, the become more and more like human beings."
"I am not a big fan of books but,when I read ""Animal Farm"" for school it was one of the best books i ever read(next to ""hop on pop""). Animal Farm shows you, how the government was run in Russia  with Stalin as a dictator. There are two  movies on this book,  but save the movies for last. I highly recamend this book to everyone, once  you start reading, you will never stop. i know that when people read these  reviews, that it is a lie. let me tell you one thing, if you read this book  it will for sure be in your top ten favorite books."
"I am delighted to have come across  another ""Orwellian"" novel, THE LAST DAY, by Glenn  Kleier. In THE LAST DAY, Kleier tackles the subject of  authority in organized religion with startling ""Orwellian""  satire and outrageous wit and irreverence. LAST DAY  is a classic, watershed novel in the manner of 1984. I  found it a riveting read, and one that I greatly encourage all  Orwell fans fans to experience."
"""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.""  This direct quote from Animal Farm presents the theme of hypocracy in totalitarian governments.  George Orwell's Animal Farm is a satire of the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia.  The animals revolt against the humans resulting in their short-lived freedom.  For the pigs become the rulers, and become tyrants themselves.  Napoleon's cruelty to Boxer represents the proletariat under Stalin.  Throught the story, Orwell remonstrates against governments, especially those that are totalitarian."
"Yes, George Orwell had brilliant books in addition to 1984. It being shorter may be be preferable for some reasons. Another example of this from a different genre would be Of Mice And Men vs. The Grapes Of Wrath for Steinbeck.It's a brilliant extended metaphor. It is clear what he's referring to. One can often make a point about the real world in a setting distanced from the real world. Conversely, knowledge of the real world situation can affect what you expect to happen in the story. I'm not sure what Orwell meant by using farm animals in particular."
"History taken to an interesting context. What was fascinating was how ingrained the concept of a ""happy or triumphant ending"" is in me. I kept hoping and hoping that the animals would rise up in a second rebellion, or that Snowball would return with some kind of relief force, when I knew very well that this book is based on Russian history and no such thing happened. I couldn't give this book five stars due to numerous spelling / formatting errors, and as 4 1/2 doesn't appear to be an option it gets a 4.Still, it was a great read and I recommend it."
"When I first started reading this (at age 25) I was ridiculed by a friend for reading a ""kid's book"". I think Animal Farm trancends age groups in that there's something to be learned by people of all ages. I  particularly liked the way the revolution is shown as a full cycle, to the  point where the animals are not only back where they started from, but in a  worse situation. I also liked the way Orwell simplifies not only communism,  but capitalism (and maybe dictatorship?) also (being a system full of holes  and ripe for the evils of greed and power)."
"I was told to read this book by family, friends and teachers and I do not regret it.The story is told through animals living on a farm, who come with an ideal to rid of their farmer and work hard for themselves.  As the story moves on the reader is introduced to corruption, lies and murder and the downfalls of society.  It outlines the idea that peace is hard to come by as there will always be that power hungry somebody ready to ruin it all.It's a fast read (took me about three days) and I really do recommend it.  It's heart wrenching and powerful."
"I was asigned this book to read during the summer for school, and at first I thought it would be ridiculous. A book about animals taking over a farm? Boring. Well, it wasn't. It was a tremendous book, and I think I'll read it again just for fun. A story about how power can drive an animal, or a person, to do things that they'd never think of doing. A dispute between leaders and the ruining of a utopian dream. This book covers the aspects of the things that can destroy our own society, and teaches you a great lesson at the end. This book is in a class of its own."
"George Orwell had full intensions of talking backwards as i call it.  He tried to talk about something an implied another.  Animal Farm is a very simple book to understand, but the full understanding was in the realization of his intentsions.  The Russian Revolution, and the Holocaust are what he was trying to tell us.  Someday you'll realize that not everything is handed down to you, or said right to your face in understanding.  The point is that Mr. Orwell wanted you to learn while enjoying yourself and not even realizing it until the end.  Great Job George!"
"I'm going to enjoy reading this again, it's been forty years since I last read it."
"George Orwell is a master of crafting stories about totalitarian rule. His Animal Farm is a fantastic rendering of the failures of Stalin's communism for any age.Set on a farm in rural England, the animals of Manor Farm get sick of watching humans take all the fruits of the animal's labor and rebel, creating the only farm in the country with no human hands. For a while, everything is great, but things go wrong before too long.I don't want to give too much plot away, but I do have to compliment Orwell on his writing style, which added plenty of humor to such a bleak story."
"It was good.  I did not know what to expect.  It was first published when I was 4 years old, so I missed getting it assigned for a book report.  It is a socialist's critique of Stalin's communist Russia in the early 1940's.  I do remember when Stalin died and how excited people were, but I never knew why.The best part of reading this edition was the appended introduction that Orwell wrote but that was not published with the book.  His thoughts on freedom of speech are sobering even today, especially as I read ""When a Nation Forgets God: Seven Lessons We Must Learn from Nazi Germany."""
"When I first read 'Animal Farm' I fell in love with the workhorse named Boxer. To me he was the main focas in the stro, but when he was sold to the glue factory, I was crushed. I cried and cried. When I saw the TNT version  of the moive I still cried at the part were Boxer was loaded up into the  van. Ever since then my life has changed at the way I look at work horses.  If I were there I'd have saved Boxer, But it would never come true. Now I  plan to do something about horses that are sent to the glue factory after  the worked so hard, after all...they deserve better then a death so  horrible."
"I read Animal Farm for my 8th grade literature class.  I read another review and noticed how someone recommended this book ""only for adults"".  I must disagree!  Animal Farm is an  incredible work, both as a fairy story and an allegory for politics.  I  wrote an essay on Animal Farm's political references and how a few  characters symbolize famous dictators of the twentieth century (for  example, the one character Napoleon, a pig, symbolizes Stalin, Hitler, and  Mussolini all at once, I won't go into it here).  Anyway, I'll just had  that I got an A on the essay.  READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!!"
"The novel Animal Farm is a great read because of the history and everything that is behind it. Not unlike most stories there is a deeper meaning behind the surface plot, this novel being an allegory for the Russian Revolution. I personally liked this book because of how the author was able to adapt the story to the level of farm animals. It gives younger readers the opportunity to have an introduction to history so that when they learn the real detains it enables them to compare and contrast. Also for those who know the historical references behind it, it is just a fun way to look at the story."
"This is not the first time I have read Animal Farm, and I will say, it is still a favorite of mine. Plus it helps that the book displays how easily corruptible politics is, and it shows how being uninformed and uneducated can be taken advantage of thanks to the corrupted in power. The book goes from a simple rebellion for a group of farm animals and their joys of overtaking a horrible dictator, and quickly spirals out of control as the new in power become what they originally had fought against. It has its sad moments, but there is not a dull page in the book. I give it five out of five stars."
"After reading this book, I was shocked on how well this book was written. I first thought this book was going to be lame and boring like my last book I read for my last report. After reading barley half of the book I got so intrested in it that I couldn't put the book down till my eyes got heavy and I had to fall asleep. This story was also a bit odd at first too, took me a couple of tries until I finaly got intrested. Overall, the story and the meaning of the story was written to perfection. I have and always will recomend this book to others to read, and hopfully enjoy it the same way I did."
"This book is a very good allegory of the happenings during the Second World War. All the cruelty and the cheating of the Soviet Union is shown in a special way. Animals stand for human beings, it is a modern fable. George Orwell has managed the happenings in a very interesting way and shows the bad things very exactly, so that everyone can understand it, but what the person make with this information is his own problem, you can just say, well it is a nice animal story or you can learn from the story and interpret it. I think people who doesn't like the book, hasn't really understood the story."
"Orwell retold the Bolshevik Revolution, Stalin's purges, etc. with brilliant skill in Animal Farm.  But the book should never be thought of as a period piece.  It is a revelation of the secular ""totalitarian temptation"" that attracts many well-meaning people to this day.Take the lyrics of John Lennon's anthem ""Imagine"" and correlate them with the words of Major's ""Beasts of England.""  As Lennon himself might have said, ""It isn't hard to do.""  Ponder the implications."
"Well it's an old classic with the message tested by time, what more can one say."
"Hello,my name is Adam Stettler and I read the book Animal Farm by George Orwell. Over all I thought this was a fairly good book. It describes what Communism was meant to be like, and what it ended up as. The book begins  with an old boar named Major who inspires the rest of the farm animals to  rebel against the farmer. Then Major dies and and the animals rebel. They  take over the farm and start a Communist government, where everyone is  supposedly equal. Then a pig named Napoleon, starts a Communist  dictatorship. If you want to learn about Communism this is a good book to  read."
"This book is easy to read but must be really understood to get the main point.Don't think it's written for children only because of the title. You won't get into it if you don't have any idea in which time it was written and what political movements dominated this period of time.All in all I enjoyed reading this book very much, expecially because it introduced me a bit to Communisme and and other political affairs, like how people react to leadership for example.George Orwell is a brilliant writer who understands how to fascinate you from page to page again and again."
"I am not a big fan of books but,when I read ""Animal Farm"" for school it was one of the best books  ever read (next to ""hop on pop""). Animal Farm shows you, how the government was run in Russia  with Stalin as a dictator. There are two  movies on this book,  but save the movies for last. I highly recamend this book to everyone, once  you start reading, you will never stop. I know that when people read these  reviews, they think that it is a lie. Let me tell you one thing, if you  read this book it will for sure be in your top ten favorite books."
Animal farm is a fictional novel from the brilliance of George Orwell's imagination. Animals wage a war against man as they are the only creature which depends on other animals for their living. They depend on other animals for living and make them to strenuously produce surplus against there own will. In order to relish themselves from the bonded slavery they wage a war against humans. They create  animal farm with idea of self sufficiency. The novel is satirical and can be seemed as a critical piece against exploitative nature of humans without short and long term gain.
"Great book...full of symbols and allegory that really tells the story of the Russian Communist Revolution in a different way.  There are really two stories going on simultaneously in this book:  that of the pigs taking over  Animal Farm from the inside, and that of Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin - each  of whom is represented by a particular pig in the story.  Every part of  society, from the working class, to the bourgeoisie, to the religious  people, are represented in this novel.  What makes this story even better  is the fact that it's incredibly short and easy to read."
"A completely interesting story of a farm's animals revolution against the farm's owner, where the animals took ""office"" after him and managing the farm according to their idologies. A society -when reading -  you forget that they are animals. So interesting that you cannot leave it  until you finish it. I think as many readers share me the openion that the  author means by the animal farm, the subject of ""Animal farm"" he  means the socialist and communist society including the leadership. If I  can locate my copy I would have read it again and again."
"I decided to read this book when I found it in a book that lists literature classics. When I told my parents to buy it for me, I was surprised to see how short it was. I finished it in only two days Some argue that the book ends with  pessimistic view. I say who cares? George Orwell was writing about how he feels about things in his time and decided to write this book based on that. It talks about how people take advantage of thier power (in this case the pigs). It's a short book that wont leave you unsatisfied and is kind of a moral type story. Now go read the book."
"I think something that really makes this story compelling is that Orwell was a Marxist. He supported socialism, but understood the threat and corruption within Russia's ""communism"". I was require to read this book for school, but I loved that I got the opportunity to read it. It's so simple, to the point that someone without a sense for the symbolism would just read the book and say ""Wait, that's it?"" at the end. I strongly recommend this book for anyone old enough to know what it means, regardless of whether you're in high school, college, or beyond."
"i bought this book as a present for friend who i honestly could not believe had not read it! If you are wondering whether to read this Orwell novel think no more...just read it. Many of the terms  Orwell invented in this story we use commonly now...""big brother is watching"". 1984 is a story of how Orwell saw the future would look...cameras everywhere, indoctrination of the public by the government, dumming down the language etc. its well written, a great story see what happens when a one man tries to question society and the government. A most enjoyable read."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell, is a classic masterpeice.  It was a great book when I read it as a cartoon, it was a great book when I read it as a representation of the key people in Communist Russia, and it was a great  book as a short and easily understandable representation of how ""power  corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutley.""  I would suggest  this book to anybody looking for an intelligent and interesting book,  written by one of the greatest authors of the 20th century.  I have read  all of George Orwell's books and I thik they are all fantastic, but animal  farm takes the cake!  All people should be required to read this book, so  that we never fall victim to what happened in Communist Russia. READ THIS  BOOK!"
"I wish Amazon had put a clear warning on this book that it was a special ""Bush-Haters"" edition. I had purchased it for my sons 14th birthday, but I sent it back. I'll pay more in shipping both ways than my refund will be. I'll go to Borders and buy a copy that I can look over closer first. Looked like a cheap print job on the inside and the publisher/printer didn't even have the b___s to put their name anywhere on the inside!"
"This short, ten-chapter book was a joy from start to finish. It is a perfect picture of what was going on under Stalin's dictatorial reign. The sarcasm, the characters, and the setting allow us to travel to a fanciful farm where animals are their own masters and everything is free and happy. But when the pigs and dogs take over, history suddenly seems to be repeating itself as in the days of the human masters. The whole story is rather amusing but also brings a sense of reality and soberness to the reader when they realize that this was the sort of thing that was really taking place during George Orwell's time. This classic tale is a must read for anyone who is studying this time period or is just looking for something fun and quick."
"There are few books that can be appreciated as both a grown adult and a young child. ""Animal Farm"" is one of these rare delights that can provolk emotions, and light a fire under the reader reguardless to whom that person may be. I remember reading it as a child and describing it as a 'really scary book.' Now that I'm a collage student studying riots and rebellions, I was curious to see what the book would mean to me now. And to no surprise it was still 'scary' but on a new level. ""Animal Farm"" is a masterpiece that should be used as a learning tool at all age levels and should forever be appreciated as the timless classic that it is. If you have yet to read this book, you have no clue what you are missing."
"well I think whom ever reads this short book will take from it what they want. I didnt take it very much a as Socialist town(the Farm, which I'm not saying that it wasnt) but inanycase I saw the book on the evils of man. The pigs slowly changed their ways of thinking to better themselves. Just as we do now, and sometimes we as people forget where we came from. In a sense the pigs, became this very being. They improved everything for their ways a living. The reader will think as I did, yes it one goverment over throwing the other with its false statements to polute the minds of the week. And slowly what the animals fought so hard to abloish has reared it ugly head and are they better off than what they started as? Well you tell me.."
"Animal Farm is one of those books that, once you pick it up, you can't put  it down.  I think it was very good book.  I am one of those persons who  really just doesn't like to read, but Animal Farm seemed to capture  something within which made me want to read it.  Animal Farm teaches  you about the way humans act.  It deals with how people can be taken  advantage of if they don't understand what's going on around them.  I feel  you have to be at a certain maturity level to understand the content of the  book.  However, once you can grasp the meaning of the book, you will, I  believe, like it a lot.  I feel Animal Farm is a very good book, and I  recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about the way humans act."
"Well, of course, pigs (at least some of them) don't talk and read instruction manuals, but if you follow the path of many highly successful people and corporations, you can then relate to the old saying, ""Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely."" As long as this book has been around, I decided to read it at age 76.  The motives may have been a little clearer to me based on my experience with life, but the author's point is well taken, and well understood.  Like many corporations, when you are no longer useful, you are sold out, or in the case of this book, sold to slaughter.  Finally, the more you suck up to the pigs in charge, the more likely you are to be kept on the payroll--just don't stop producing..."
"I'm going back through the classics. Admittedly, I've never read them. If I have, I forgot. I started with Animal Farm.It's mostly narrative, and I wasn't expecting to be captivated. That sort of style doesn't grab me. But, wow. This book is a classic for good reason. It captures human behavior with diamond sharp clarity. And for that reason, it's timeless. This book could easily be describing Saddam Hussein or, more recently, Gaddafi.The pace and arc of the story unfolds in way that leaves no gaps, no leaps required. The ending landed in my stomach with a thump, filling me with sadness for societies caught in the dizzy madness of oppression and deception. It only takes one capable maniac to ruin the lives of many."
"I read the novella ""Animal Farm"" for my AP world history class.  I chose to read this book do not get me wrong, and loved it.  I wanted to understand more about the Russian Revoultion in 1917 and this novel helped greatly.  In this book Orwell gives a very good representation on how the bolsheveiks gained power and became the soviet power they were.  I would definitley recommend this book to another student even if they are not having problems understanding the revolution. Like is said it did a very good job on describing what occured in Russia in easily understandable terms. Orwell shows how communism is corrupt with the humans in the middle of it.  This novella is overall a very good read and very informative"
I first read this book when I was in grade 7 and have since read it several times thereafter.  This book was so informative and moving.  The endings was so good I was almost physically sick from disgust of what  people can become.  I was quite possibly the only 13 year-old who loved  this book.  This book contained so much irony and intelligence in it's  small quantity of pages.  I do not however recomend this book for all. In  fact I am quite sure that many of you will intensly hate it. Some people  find the views of this book to be rather pessimispic but personallly I find  these views to be those of a realist. I loved this book and periodically  read over again.  And if that makes me a dork than I suppose I am a dork.
"I knew the basic story but found the original story in the book to be fascinating.  I see many parallels with some countries and cultures today.  Well written and held my interest throughout.  I always take the time to read preface, forward, appendix, etc and this time was no exception.  It filled in some of the background by the author about what he was thinking when he wrote Animal Farm based on British society viewpoints and opinions about the USSR during and just after WWII.  Recommended for everyone; a short but very interesting read."
"This book tell us about life of the animals on farm.They were badly treated by the farmers on the farm.They managed to drive away the humans and run the farm but unfortunately they grown obsessed with their power,  they were destroyed.There, animals are just normal beings which can't take  over a particular land.  My overall comments for this book is that I  find it quite funny when it keeps me wanting to read faster to know what is  happening later on.  It is a good literature book.This means I highly  recommend it to school readers."
"Reading the below reviews, I guess every reader gets a glimpse of this book. This dark book is short and reminds me of ""Lord of the Flies"" in the sense that each individual character represents some  class of characteristic or person/ place or thing. Plus both books show the  start of something good, something beautiful that turns awry. The book is  simple yet very complexed. I do not recommend this book (or the movie for  that matter) to children younger then ten or eleven. It is brutal and dark,  but its truth shines through."
I ordered and read this book because my nine year old grandson wanted to read it. I know I should have read it as required reading in high school but I did not. I am not sure why my school did not require it. I had heard about it though and was surprised that he wanted to read it at such a young age. I really enjoyed the book. The story line was easy to follow. Of course at 54 years old I understood  the undercurrents. I am not sure how much of it my grandson will understand. I will give him an A for effort though. I did enjoy the book.
"This is THE edition to own of Orwell's classic (and haunting) ""fairy story"". Not only Ralph Steadman's vitriolic pen is masterfully honed to the book's wit, mood and characters, the editors have also included an essay, by Orwell as well, about the fredom of the press, which in my opinion is worth the price of the book alone. Buy it and read it at once, and for chrissake, don't even think of skipping this book by watching its dreadful film versions!"
"Though Animal Farm was required reading, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It's the story of how a farm of animals rebels from the tyranny of their drunken owner Mr. Jones and create their own farm under their principal of  animalism (all animals are equal). But the very idea is corrupted by the  leaders- the pigs, and in the end they become more equal than the others.  The references to some of the history of communism in Russia are obvious,  but the novel can also be looked at more broadly, symbolizing what happens  under all dictatorships."
"From Wikipedia(in regards to Stalin's Russia) and Animal Farm. The novel addresses not only the corruption of the revolution by its leaders but also how wickedness, indifference, ignorance, greed and myopia destroy any possibility of a Utopia. While this novel portrays corrupt leadership as the flaw in revolution (and NOT the act of revolution itself), it also shows how potential ignorance and indifference to problems within a revolution could allow horrors to happen if smooth transition to a people's government isn't satisfied."
"This is a great book describing how greedy rulers can pervert a good meaning philosophy. Communism was good on paper but George Orwell told readers that it was actually very different in practice. This also shows readers how when bad times hit a group of people they are easily tricked, and easily become sheeps to a leader. George Orwell warns us not be weak and not to be tricked. Greedy, power hungry rulers exist in every type of government. Don't give them the power. This is a great book, everyone should have this in their library."
"Animal Farm, a direct translation of the Marxism and Socialism of late  Russia, presents a story of animals whose ultimate quest, to create unity  under one organized race, fails to be reached. Orwell, A  Democratic-Socialist with liberal objectives, organizes this story in  perfect proportion, providing unique symbolism and abstract ideas. Perhaps  his purpose for the use of animals more easily represents itself by forcing  the human readers to look at another group of beings and recognize the  wrongs of a popular political force."
"Animal Farm. Yes, that is a very well written book. I liked to read it. The meaning was clear and the writer's intention was easy to understand. Sometimes it was hard to stop reading because of the unexpected events. Orwell knows very well to describe a revolution that went wrong, like in the Russian history. This political satire contains everything: Hate, love, cruelty, murder and a perfect representation of the personifications that animals react like human beings. The tragedy of this story carries people with big hearts away."
"Animal Farm.. What can I say?  I read the whole book in 5 hours straight (from when I first opened it until I finished it, with breaks for work).  Amazing insight into how power corrupts, and how it is very easy to lose  sight of reality.  Heck, I was reminded of how Stalin setup his original  powerbase, and how Trotsky was blamed for all ill in Russia after he was  exiled.  If you read it, Napolean and Snowball set the stage for this  character conflict.  An amazingly thought provoking book.  Read it if  nothing else this month."
"My first allegory (besides Plato's The Cave)! I'll never forget my creative writing class and the class discussion afterwards. So there, I've admitted my bias but objectively speaking, this is a literary classic. It's a clean read meant for anyone from the general public. You don't need to be an English major to grasp the message and most important, the message is what makes the story. Sadly, I haven't come across anything written recently that does so well in analyzing the faults of the humanity without altogether degrading it."
"I wonder what would have happened if ""Animal Farm"" had entered  former Russia. People may have understood why they were oppressed. Orwell  magically expresses in this beautiful story, the lies that governments  often sell to hard-working people. By the end of the book, I understood  what was a masterpiece. ""All animals are equal, but some are more  equal than others"". This is Animal Farm all in a nutshell. Very  thought-provoking book. Excelent read, forget about the Fairy Story bit!  Boxer rules!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"While this book was, of course, meant for readers in a time passed, I still enjoyed it immensely.  With each new chapter and each new event in the animal's lives, I found myself growing more and more horrified.  It really goes to show you how easily the public can be manipulated into thinking that their leaders are doing what's best for everyone while only living to serve themselves.  This was a thought provoking book as well and if you've an interest in politics, history, or the dystopian genre, I think you'd enjoy this book."
"This book has been on my bookshelf for years waiting to be read. Oh, how I wish I would have read it sooner. Even though the story sounds like a fairy tale about animals in a farm, all of a sudden you start to make connections throughout the book regarding the world in which we live now. This to me is amazing since it was written decades ago. All the animals can represent people you know or politicians/governments. It is an incredible story of how power changes the way we think and the way we treat each other. Incredible read!"
"This is a very upsetting, unsettling book that should be read with extreme care.  Never have I actually gotten angry, literally, at the characters, in this case the pigs, in a story.  Orwell has extreme insight into the human condition in everything he wrote, i.e. ""1984,"" but to the extent that ""Anmial Farm"" is written, it is quite unnerving.  Bravo to Mr. Orwell for this, unfortunaltely, very realistic book about hypocrasy, deciet, lies, political sabatoge, and the condition of the human heart and mind."
"I think the contents of Animal Farm is very interesting, but if our English teacher wouldn't told us that Orwell wanted his animals to do like the people in the Russia Revolution, I wouldn't have knowen it!I think the context has certain warning which goes much further. Orwell wanted to show that it is always dangerous if one person takes the rulership without being asked, because he will take advantage of his colleagues. But I think Orwell shows his problem very well and in a way that everybody is able to understand it!"
"Animal Farm is a great book.  It is a symbolization of the Bolzevak Revolution.  There is a great old pig named old major (he represents Lenin) who proposes a Utopia in which all animals are equal.  When he dies two of his successors, Napolean (Stalin) and Snowball (Trotsky), fight each other for control of the farm.  Though this book was written a while ago, it almost predicts the collapse of the USSR.  Very well written.  I read this book in 9th grade and understood it then.  I highly recommend this book to anyone."
"7th grader tested out at a college level, first BigBoy book from Daddy"
Having read this book in 1978 as a twelve year old it was most certainly due for a re-read but what I didn't expect was the clarity of the fable to have remained so true in my (now 'more mature') mind. What I am sure I didn't read (or at least didn't appreciate) were the terrific 'forwards' written by George Orwell (only published when found amongst his papers in 1974). All I can say is WOW---my deepest admiration goes to this incredibly prescient thinker and communicator of thoughts into simple eloquence. Amazing.
"Hi, my name is Brooke.  In my Language Arts class, at Shenandoah Middle School, we read George Orwell's book, Animal Farm.  I think this book was very interesting.  The animals on the farm are rebelling against  their farmer, Mr. Jones.  He is always drunk and never feeds the animals,  so they are always hungry.  They wound up kicking him off the farm and  rebelling all of mankind because of their type of  government-communism/dictatorship.  If you want to find out what happens,  read Animal Farm!"
"It seems like this is a consensed 600-page novel. Animal Farm is a book you read and when it's done you think ""Wow, that was fast,"" and read it again. It teaches important lessons about communism and how the  only people who support it are the weak and ignorant or those who gain  omnipotence. This is the only great book I have ever been forced to read.  You say you're going to put it away as soon as the next chapter ends, but  end up staying up until 2 AM reading. Hey, it's only $5."
"Very entertaining. Smartly written. A picture of todays political scenario. The same human elements all throughout todays society. Satire at its finest. Written about a  past regime, but quite aptly describes americas own tumble into the power of the elite. Who are todays pigs, rewriting our laws to suit their wants. Always distorting the truth behind some kind of security. Whae We really need is security against the pigs. Lets have a luau. Get the pigs in the ground and get the beer on ice."
"ANIMAL FARM is a great book that shows the type of government that was  going on in the 1940's. George Orwell used animals to represent  different  types of people from government officials to regular citizens. This book  makes readers think of what is going on in politics, but George Orwell  also makes fun of the politicians. Every animal represents someone in  society.  This book is a great representation of the communist age that was  going on at this time. That is why I liked this book."
"Once Upon A Time, there was a farm called the Manor Farm, and the animals on the farm are very mistreated. One day, the animals rise up against their human masters, and establish a near-utopian society. But promises of equality and plenty soon begin to be forgotten... until conditions are worse than they were under the humans.A cautionary tale of the corrupting effects of power, George Orwell intended this to be a commentary on the depradations of the Soviet Union. A very facinating book."
"Although he is very obviously anti-Stalinistic, Orwell doesn't mind voicing his own opinion on behalf of socialist reform.  However, he brings readers to the realistic realization that even in a ""classless""  non-material society, the able intellectuals who crave power will take it.  The novel has a je ne sais quoi innate power to it.  I didn't put it down  until I finished it (it's that short). (All credit for this review must be  given to the honorable leader, comrade Napoleon)"
"George Orwell's Animal Farm is a classic unrivaled by any other book in its time.In fact, one could argue that this book is timeless, describing social, economical, and cultural problems we still experience to this day in a whimsical manner. Pair this amazing story with the likes of Ralph Steadman's incredibly dark and unique illustration style and you've got a home run. I keep this book in pristine condition, as I hope to pass it along to someone of significant value to me someday."
"The book I was choose it fine because it good for me to read a animal farm book to see the animal treat each other and talk. I like the way the animal are breaking a house to make a fire, then the human will not harm the animal. The animal are running fast as they can to see how far they could get to see where they are going some where. I think the animal are good and standing next to a tree, they find a place to sleep in a cave. The animals did not have trouble and now they are safe."
"Animal farm usually is overshadowed by 1984. People compare the two works and say that 1984 is much greater and an epic. 1984 is a wondeful book, however; Animal Farm is a terrific novel in its on way. Its simple writing formula with fairy tale feel makes for easy, fun reading. However there is so much allegory and symbolism the book is surely to be appreciated on a higher level than just ""a good story"". Animal Farm is a wonderful book, i definitely suggest you buy it..NOW!"
"I can't argue with a classic, such as this. For its time, this book must have been monumental (I'm too young to know) but even in these days the book still stands as an icon. If one doesn't know much about communism, then not everything will be reaped from the reading. However, someone with understanding (1st or 3rd hand) of communism, then this book will provide a great parody on the faults of communism."
"A unique political story. This and ""1984"" could be considered the two most important novels of the 20th century. What an accomplishment!The author had never lived under a totalitarian regime - yet people who did were impressed at how well he captured the atmosphere of such a regime. In ""Inside George Orwell"" by Gordon Bowker (page 421) - ""dissidents were amazed to find that Orwell had never been to Eastern Europe and experienced at first hand the system he described so vividly."" ""Animal Farm"" is so much more than a political satire. It is a book about all regimes that twist and alter facts to fit their alleged policies. For such a short work, it is astounding how many levels of society are so perceptibly captured."
"While reading the book ""Animal Farm"" I found out it was very similar to the Russian Revolution because of how the characters in the book (snowball, old major, and napoleon) were almost the same as the leaders during the Russian Revolution. Snowball is similar to Leon Trotsky in the way that he was chased out of the farm because he was ""sabotaging them"". Old major is similar to Karl Marx in the way that they both created their own styles of government. (Animalism, Communism). Finally Napoleon and Stalin are similar because they both sent people to kill snowball and Trotsky. Overall I loved this book because it taught me so much to do with history and it helped me understand the Russian Revolution better."
"Yes, this story is allegorical satirical but I will ignore that in this review because too much has already been said on those subjects.What I like about this story is that it clearly shows the movements of the ruling powers in Manor/Animal Farm. This is a is fast paced story that goes from hopeful to sad and disgusting as the animals end up in the tyranny of the pigs. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a short and touching story.Personally, I found this story sad at the end. I felt sorry for the ignorant animals. This goes to show that ignorance is not bliss,I hope you read the book and make up your opinion about it. Thank you for reading this and have a great day."
"With every piece of writing from Orwell (whether a novel, or just a short quote) I become a greater fan of his. After being left in awe by 1984, I quickly moved onto Animal Farm.The book makes no attempts to hide allusions to communism, or it's founding in Soviet Russia. If you know world history fairly well, you can see a progression that is relatively similar.As par usual Orwell speaks truth to human nature, even if through humans.Don't by this if you want JUST entertainment, it will only entertain those who have a desire to give the subject of communism, its practicality, and its history thought. (Note: I'm not advocating or opposing communism, this book just provides a good commentary/allegory)."
"I go to a commercial school in Austria and I had the pleasure to read this book for a booktalk in English.The book is about a Farm where animals make a revolution and chase the farmowner with his family. For a while everything works great and everybody is happy. But on and on the pigs, who make the organization part on the farm, get more and more like humans. They even change ""the seven rules of Animalsm"" one by one and in the end the other animals can not divide them from humans, which used to be their enemies and then are the friends of the pigs.  The book is written in an easy way. I like is because it shows us that animals aren't very different to us and that sometimes you can't trust anyone."
"Animal Farm is a perfectly argued description of how revolutions decay and are corrupted. The pigs (the Russian Communist Party)gradually and logically become worse than the inefficient old oppressors. The flaw I see  is that Orwell was still seeing Communism as a ""revolution  betrayed"", not as something unavoidably and intrinsicly wrong and  doomed - as I think T.S. Eliot said, it is almost as if Orwell believed the  problem might have been solved by more public-spirited pigs. But despite  this criticism, Animal Farm is not only a great book, written in a perfect  and limpid style, but essential reading for understanding our world and the  history of the Twentieth Century, as well as a timeless warning."
"Animal Farm is probably one of the most simplistic books I have ever read,  but it made me understand the flaws of communism with its exploitation of  the people.  The rebellion of the animals against Farmer Jones was the  start of a communist government.  Everybody was equal at first until  Napoleon(the bad pig) overthrew Snowball(the good pig) and became the  dictator of the farm.  Soon all the lower animals were exploited and living  a life worse than the one where Jones owned them.  The new laws were  enforced by Napolean's dogs while the poor animals were too ignornant to  understand.  It is a parallel to the Russian Revolution and its aftermath.  A great satire poking fun at the imperfections of communism."
"I read the book and watch the film of animal farm.In the book I noticed the parallels between book and reality. The history of politics is well shown by pigs and other animals.Especially the russian communism and other dictatorships are referred to Napoleon(the leader of the farm).He reminds me of Hitler who destroy his country(the farm) by his own insanity. Supported by Squealer(Goebbles the minister for propaganda)he takes advantage of the more dump animals(the folk), who work for his luxuary.The industrial revolution is expressed by the windmill, but in the film it moves more and more to the background. The end in the book is open but we all know how it will be....like Benjamin saidnothings gonna change."
"We should not be content to reduce this book to a mere attack of the Stalinist era of communism, because men may want to reconsider the value of equality among them by some time the economy will have receded in their  sight. What Animal Farm tells us then is that too eagerly willing for it  leaves wide opens the gates to dictatorship.Orwell's fairy story bears a  deep allegory as long as ""from pig to man it will be impossible to say  which is which"". Thereafter it may really becomes a childish view of  the Russian's revolution betrayal.But if old Benjamin was right that  nothing changes in the long life of a donkey, it will stay a political  perennial classic of vital interest for nations."
"This is a very quick read at a little over 100 pages. The story is very good and it compelled me to read more about Orwell, Stalin and socialism. It does a very good job at describing how socialism can start out very noble and pure but how it inevitably ends up with corrupt, power hungry, hypocritical leaders. I read that Orwell himself was a socialist so I believe his intent was to confine the story to just Stalin. However, I interpreted the story as a condemnation of all socialism. A look at the societies in the world that practice it confirms that the wealth, affluence and power belong to the political class and not the working people. All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others."
"First of all, anyone taking this book beyond its symbolic satirism is totally missing the message in the book.  The book should only be difficult to read if you haven't passed the eighth grade: it's pretty  short.  This book is great in that it breaks the Russian communist system  and its history down basically and very accurately.  The book also goes  to show that communism, though it may look good on paper, can not operate  effectively in today's world."
"Great great great! I ordered this book as one of my husbands birthday gifts and he loves this book! He couldn't find it for years in any book stores so I finally ordered it on amazon. The book cover I got is different than the one in the picture. It didn't matter to us in the slightest, but the one they sent us is a white cover.The shipping was awesome, I had ordered a few things from amazon on the same day, and this book was the first to arrive. Great job guys!"
"I thought that the book Animal Farm, by George Orwell, was a VERY good book! It relates to Communism and life if you think and analyze what you read. My favorite part was when the animals rebelled for their  first time against the humans and actually won. Then the farm was only for  animals and was run by animals. I would recommend this book to anyone who  is analytical and wants a book that you can relate to real-life situations.  So get out there and read it!!"
"Animal Farm is a just a lovely and very easy book to read. One may just think it is a regular fairy tale at first glance but as you think on it, the hidden message, the subtle satire becomes apparent and pronounced. If you wonder ""satire of what"", then I strongly recommend you to read this book and find it out yourself. I admire Orwell`s ingenuity for transforming a fairy tale into a great literary success - that is the ultimate satire.Good job."
A classic must read for anyone interested in political science
"On third reading over 35 years, Orwell's Animal Farm continues to get better and better.  The insights about human behavior, both individual and collective, resonate with more clarity and more nuance with each reading.  I start a chapter thinking I remember what's going to happen, but each time I discover much more than I remember.  Yes, Animal Farm deserves its status as a ""must read, classic"" -- high school, college, and again each decade of living."
"Having heard so much about this story, I began reading with some concern that I may not like it, or may find it to be upsetting. However this text tells a powerful story that leaves a message with its readers, without being too gruesome. Although this story does contain death, it is done in a way that leaves readers thinking, instead of just being a 'meaningless death'. I would definitely recommend that everyone read this book at least once in their lifetime."
"The plot here is the same as in the novel 1984 (same author), but here it is told as a lighthearted, almost childish fable.By using this clever approach, the author delivers exactly the opposite: shock and terror.Some passages are absolute masterpieces: you can't help to laugh over the stupidity of some animals, but deep inside you know he's talking about people. Makes you wonder if this is not actually happening to ourselves, this very moment..."
"OK.  I agree that the ending is a bit lame, added on to please the audiences of the time.  But you can always just turn it off at the real ending, the moment when Jessie looks in the window and sees that the pigs and the humans are indistinguishable.Very faithful to the book, with only a few unimportant changes i.e. framing much of the action through the dog Jessie's view of it, the addition of television (I'm sure Orwell would approve of this!), etc."
"This book is an awesome book. Its extremely clever. When I first picked it up I thought it was a corny book about animals taking over a farm. But as I got more and more into it- I realized it was about types of governments- such as Communism, etc. And Utopia. I think this is an excellent book- but do not start this book thinking that it is all about animals- there is much more behind it. I recommend it to anyone who really wants to read deeply into a book."
"It's hard to say you ""liked"" this book, but I feel it's one of those everyone should read, like Orwell's ""1984"", basically a classic.  Being an allegory about the Russian Revolution and rise of the Soviet Union, you obviously know it's not going to end well, but one of those books from which we all can and should learn, not only about what happened in the past, but what could happen again in the future if we are too trusting or complacent."
"I have recently finished reading the book ""animal Farm"".  It was by far one of the best books I have ever read.  Different from Orwell's 1984, this book shows, what I think, how Russia was like when it went  through their revolution in 1917.  Czar Alexander is like the Humans and  the pigs in the story are like the communists and Animal Farm (or Manor  Farm)  is like Russia.  You just have to read it to understand it but it  WILL be worthwhile."
"Animal Farm is a book that is well worth reading.  The plot of this book  seemed simple at first, but it actually showed a great point.  It showed  that power can corrupt anybody, even an animal. The book began with animals  overthrowing the humans that took poor care of them.  The animals decided  amongst themselves that they were all equal, but that was not how it turned  out.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a well written  story."
"Short,sweet,and still the most readable book on socialism to date. This book by Orwell is,in my mind, much better than 1984. Dealing specifically with the USSR it still holds truisms for everyone that opposes collective thought. This is a book children can read and get a sense of the basic understandings of socialism and collective thought, yet deep enough for adults to give a quick read and get its meaning. Still one of my all time favorites."
"This is a very important read for people just learning about politics or for those who are sure of their views. I would recommend this for almost all ages as it explains how ""good intentions"" can become bad policy's. The characters corruptible personality's evolve in this fantastic fun read leaving the reader with a sense of understanding of the authors messages. This easy to follow book parallels our political climate decades after it was written."
"I read this book in one sitting, because it was that good of a book. This book is a metaphor of what was happening in the Soviet Union. Each character could align to a major person in the Soviet Union. For example, Napoleon, the antagonist of this novel, could be portrayed as Stalin. Snowball could be Trotsky. This book basically sums part of the Soviet Union's history up. It is also a critique of communism and fascism. Highly recommend this book."
"This story is a brilliant work of literature. It's well written and concise with a story that will have you on the edge of your seat the whole time. The suspense of the story comes from the message which slowly becomes clear as the book progresses. I wouldn't dare spoil a word of it, but suffice to say it will make you think differently after you read it. I recommend this book to anyone. It's not a long read and will have you hooked very quickly."
"This book consisely and thoroughly addresses how the ideal of communism was abandoned (as in Russia and the USSR) in favor of monopolization of power. It shows how the old ruling elite, the upper class who are dependent  on the masses are replaced with an even stricter and less tolerant ruling  class, one which uses propoganda and force to maintain its position. This  terrifying satire is a must read for anyone who is interested in  governance."
"This book is considered as one of my favorites. It not only has the basic adventure and horror a totalitarian system should have, but it also has a deeper meaning. The slow turn from Rebellion and Socialist ideas to an all powerful dictator gives a classic insight on human nature. It shows how minds can easily be manipulated, and it shows how effective fear can be. Overall is an easy read, and I would recommend it for a wide variety of ages."
"This is a very fun way to look at socialism. I definitely enjoyed the characters, especially the old goat. The end just blew my mind. Another thing that made this book so great is how short it is and how easy it is to read.  I am a high school student and there wasn't really anything I didn't get flying over my head. With all that said I would recommend this book to pretty much anyone that has a basic understanding of social politics."
You have to read this book. Simple as that. Everyone over 12 years old should be required to read this book.The book shows cleverly through animals & a farm the twisting of the truth & propoganda we are fed by those in power. I would've liked Orwell to expand more with Moses the raven & the lies & brainwashing we are fed by religious institutions but this is just nitpicking.Essential reading.Highly recommended.
I remember reading this book back when I was in school and enjoyed it very much.  I don't know if it was required reading for my daughter as well but she wanted it anyway.  Its a great story and she enjoyed it just as well.  Its definitely much more complicated than a typical childrens' story with a microcosmic dystopia.  I'll have to read it again soon.
"This novel is an excellent quick read that pokes at socialism and  dictatorship. After the rebellion against farmer Jones all the animals  thought they would have a better life. ""All animals are equal""  was the slogan the animals believed in until Napoleon the evil pig took  over and led a harsh dictatorship.  By the finial chapter the slogan was  ""all animals are equal, but some are more equal then others,"""
Like the Adventures of Huck Finn there is more to this book than just an entertaining story.  Though the message is a little more obvious in this story.  At least I hope it is!We've seen through history the failures of Animal Farm... Let us take heed...The story and the characters in this story are things we see played out before us over and over again.Orwell puts this all together in a brilliant narrative!
"Because it is against the nature of man (animals in the book) and because it is based on force and compulsion by a new ruling class - legislators.This book can be read by children and adults alike, and can  be read on many levels.  I read it when young 'kinda' understanding the  point of it, and later seeing the point more clearly.This book,  predictably, was banned by communists because they knew the truth of it."
"When I was in high school I never got the chance to read Animal Farm because it wasn't in my accelerated classes' curriculum, but I heard plenty from other students saying how boring/bad it was. When I actually did read it, however, I was pleasantly surprised to discover it was much less worse than everyone had told me. This is a classic Orwell novel and is just short enough to keep the reader interested without intermission."
"I thought 'Animal Farm' was a wonderful book, but then again I am a freshman in high school. When I read it first in about 4th grade, sure it was a great story but then I couldn't comprehend the malignant truth behind it. And there was still the gory stuff that I  could not understand. If you ask me, this is not a Fairy Tale but a Scary tale, and I suggest that it not be read to any unsuspecting child under the age of 12."
"The more I watch TV and whats going on in America, this book starting coming to mind. I last read in in 1964. After re-reading I would highly reccomend this as a guide to the coming America. The simiarity between the pigs and Nancy Pelosi, Barney Frank, and Harry Reed are astounding."
"This book is very well written, and I think Orwell is great writer. Although this book tells all about communism in Russia, it is very hard for thirteen year old kids like me to understand and relate to it. When I read this book I had no clue about some of the  things they said. I recommend this book for the older  crowd. This book is a very good satire on communism and  their rulers. I learned a lot from this book."
"Manor Farm/Animal Farm= Russia/Soviet UnionFarmer Jones= Czar NikolasOld Major= Karl MarxMoses The Raven= Religion (Used as a tool by the Czars to keep the workers from complaining, outlawed by Communism.)Animalism= CommunismSnowball= Trotsky (Original leader, genuinely cared for workers, had technological ambitions for new Soviet Union.)Napolean= Stalin (Exiled and demonized Trotsky, took over Soviet Union.)Squealer= Stalin's propaganda machine.Windmill= IndustryMollie, The Horse= The Russian Upper Class (Was harmed by revolution, eventually left animal farm.)Benjamen= Workers who were neither for nor against Russian Revolution (Correctly believed that no change would come of it.)Boxer and Clover= Working class Russians who strongly supported the communist movement.Napolean's Dogs= Stalin's Seceret police.Sheep= Mindless Communist citizens who helped spread Communist propaganda (Actually, they can be thought to represent any sort of closed minded political extremist.)Four Legs Good, Two Legs Bad= Communist slogans.Four Legs Good, Two Legs Better= The blatant replacement of old ideolagies with new ones, that are the exact opposite of the old. This can be thought of as an indicator of Animal Farm/USSR's return to its original state.Neighboring Farms who fought Animal Farm= Countries that neighbored Russia who feared the spread of Communism.The Pig's Movement into Jones' Old House= The movement of Communist leaders into Czarist palaces, another indicator of Animal Farm/USSR's return to its original state.Different Privlages For Different Species of Animals (The Construction of schoolhouse for the exclusive use of pigs, for example)= The return of racial and class segregation to the USSR.The Pig's Transformation into humans= The return of the Soviet Union to old conditions, being ruled by rulers as equally tyranical as the Czars.Animal Farm is a fascinating book, weather or not you actually see all the blatant metaphors within the novel. Behind an entertaining and grimly funny story lies a powerful warning of what is, and what could be."
"Animal Farm was a interesting book, but i believe you must take interest in Orwell's works in order to be able to truly follow the book. It takes place on a farm ran by animals and is based on the Russian Revolution. You  must hold an interest in history and historical fiction to enjoy the book.  History is an interesting topic to me but i found Orwell's Animal Farm to  be somewhat hard to follow. Over all i wold give this book three stars."
"George Orwell's classic satire of political corruption, based on his experience in the Stalin-era, revolutionary government, is made even more effective with the wonderful illustrations by Ralph Steadman. The beautiful ink and color illustrations make the story even more poignant. For lovers of Orwell, this is a must buy--it is a collector's item.Kay Burningham, Author, ""An American Fraud:  One Lawyer's Case against Mormonism."""
Great value for purpose of summer homework for my daughter.
"One of my favorites! I never read this book in school and after doing much socialist reading over the past year, I decided to buy it. It's such a quick, fun, moving and eye-opening book! Wow! I think Orwell was a master at storytelling and seeing the future. My 5th grader read the book when I finished and she loved it but didn't get a lot of the allegory Orwell includes. We discussed it and she was like, ""Oh! That's really cool!"""
George Orwell has written a very interesting story. I like the idea of how he managed to transform the actual Russian story into a fictional story with animals. the film made to the book is funny to watch and entertaining but unfortunately the book doesn't always agree with the film version. The book can be recommended and also the film version. Whoever watches the film should read the book first though in order to learn the real facts.
"this book did a wonderful job of showing how the russian communism really is.  although it didn't show the original form of comunism, it just totally trashed the russian form of government at that time.  i think it did a  wonderful job at this.  the poor excuse for an attempt at communism needed  to be shown as it really was to the whole world.  and this book did just  that.  so if you haven't read it you should, it's a hell of a book."
"Somehow, I never had to read this book in school and just finally got around to reading it. I surprised how short the book was (it can be read in one sitting) and how clear and lucid the writing was. It is a very fast paced story that is really fun to read. Despite its relative brevity, the allusions and allegory are very deep and thought provoking. The lessons drawn from this book are still applicable today. A must read for everyone."
"It really hits hard and is so accurate when compared with how people act today. What people (or the animals on the farm) will believe when the truth is too painful. Truly frightening because this isn't just what happens in a communist society as so many have written in their reviews. It's about facism and religion, why do we believe what we're told so easily."
Not what we expected.  Font size is incredible. TOO SMALL!
"It was quite nostaligic for me because when I was in high school our English teacher read it to us, and I loved it ever since. When it was offered as a selection of many books, I jumped for joy to read it again. It brought me back alot of memories. I don't know if the high schools are still using this book as part of their literature program, if not, I recommend it to be reestablished again since it can have a learning experience."
"Animal Farm is much, much more than a story about animals. These animals are used to portray Russian history. Seems weird doesn't it? But it makes sense! Everything in this book mirrors Russian history and the characters were created after Russian historical figures. It starts out with a pig named Old Major (who stands for Karl Marx) who sees visions of a wonderful revolution where animals will share everything and the world will be beautiful without any humans, especially Mr. Jones their master. Mr. Jones stands for Czar Nicholas II. They revolt from him and set up their own commandments, the Seven Commandments which includes things like ""no animals shall wear clothings"", ""no animals shall sleep in a bed"", ""no animals shall consume alchohol"", and ""all animals are equal"". The pigs, who are known as the smartest animals which is an actual fact, take over control of the farm. Napoleon stands for Stalin who wants a strong central government and wants to teach the young only while Snowball stands for Lenin who wants a democracy and to educate all of the people. The animals on the farm other than the pigs stand for common people. Boxer the horse stands for the physically strong people that aren't very smart. Benjamin the mule (Boxer's best friend) stands for the smart people who know what's going on, but are too stubborn to admit there is a problem. Clover stands for someone who's motherly and cares about every one else. The dogs stand for military people. The chickens stand for the smart, but weak people. The cats stand for the lazy people who don't want to do any work, but want to have rewards. Moses the Raven stands for religion with his talk of where animals go when they die (Sugar Candy Mountain). The sheep stand for the brainwashed people who can't think for themselves. Everything in this book happens for a reason. It's a weird story about how communism will never work because pigs will always be greedy pigs.It's a really great story about talking animals, but it's an even better story when you take it apart and analyze and think to yourself, ""but what if so and so got with so and so.... could they have stopped this from happening?"" The ending of this book is a really freaky ending... Always remember ""Two legs baaaaad, four legs better!"""
"After reading the supurbly written, thought-provoking vision, 1984, I went on to read Orwell's novel, Animal Farm.  It was quite different from other serious social commentary books, in that it was so simply written. It was to the point, and told a story with a powerful message that we should all listen to. Orwell proves once again that he's one of the most brilliant, talented writers to come along in a long time."
"My daughter's teacher had them read this in 8th grade and it again appeared on the required reading list for her to enter high school.  George Orwell's classic is a scary but thoughtful look at future possibilities.  Although a fabulous book, I suggest that, for a child, it not be read alone.  It needs to be discussed, the history of the Soviet Union needs to be incorporated.  This should not be read in a vacuum."
This I a great companion book to 1984.  Very political.
"A blazing critique of communism and socialism, a perfect allegory demonstrating that absolute power corrupts absolutely.The preface included in this addition explains everything that is wrong with the U.S. Democratic Party and liberal ideologues. You could easily substitute ""USSR"" with ""radical Islam"" and find current day relevancy in Orwell's analysis of self-imposed politically correct censorship."
"Dumb. I understood it and it was a brown poo of a book. C'mon people in the tomato sauce hut living next the bakery on the corner of Fifth and Brown, this stunk. It's message was a triple poo on a sacle three poo's: on  poo being the first worst and three being the worst!!!!!!! No PIZZAZZ, like  a stale Cheez-it that has already been chewed up and spit out, then left to  dry on a pile of three brown poo's!!!!!!"
"Animal Farm is an amusing fable that is a great example of events in  history where power has been abused.  This story of rebellion,  manipulation, and lies will cause you to never want to put this book down!  George Orwell has definitely reflected how the quest for power can cause  people, or in this case animals, to do horrible things. Overall this was a  great book, and i recommend every one to read it!!!"
"Classic story, though be aware that the formatting of this version is not on par with most books - it is a smaller font and very dense pages (entire book is only ~45 pages long). It almost seems more like a brochure than a book. I had bought this for my 10-year old son to read and it wasn't as friendly as I would have liked. But, the price is right; as long as you're comfortable with that it's a great deal."
"This was an excellent book.  It can be read on two different levels by any age of person.  For a younger reader it is very funny and entertaining.  For the older, more educuated reader this book can be read and analyzed on  a higher level.  I enjoyed reading this book and Mr. Orwell did a wonderful  job in writing one of the greatest book in literary history.  He is a great  author and this is a great book."
"I listened to this for the first time on audio book today, I wish they would have had us read this in high school. The book is amazingly well written, and the story is truly captivating. More and more American society is starting to reflect the culture described in this book. Our politicians could learn a thing or two from it."
"The book animal farm was givin to our whole class to read. It starts off  with the animals having a secret meeting. They talk about how they are being underfed, over worked and overall just mistreated by humans. So the pig Old  Major has the idea of rebelling against the humans. And one night they do. The humans are out of Manor Farm. Later to be renamed Animal Farm. Now that the humans are gone the pigs seem to take the ""leadership"" role.( in quotes because animals dont think he is a leader, only he does.) Napoloen, the pig, after a number of suspenseful events takes controll of the farm. This book is more than meets the eye. The author George Orwell got his ideas, and characters from the Russian revolution. The overall message of this book is power can courupt people."
"The book animal farm was givin to our whole class to read. It starts off  with the animals having a secret meeting. They talk about how they are being underfed, over worked and overall just mistreated by humans. So the pig Old  Major has the idea of rebelling against the humans. And one night they do. The humans are out of Manor Farm. Later to be renamed Animal Farm. Now that the humans are gone the pigs seem to take the ""leadership"" role.( in quotes because animals dont think he is a leader, only he does.) Napoloen, the pig, after a number of suspenseful events takes controll of the farm. This book is more than meets the eye. The author George Orwell got his ideas, and characters from the Russian revolution. The overall message of this book is power can courupt people."
"Sweet tits, read this in a few hours, cool thoughts on freedom of the press at the end. Need another word."
"Usually, left-wingers can never admit that they're wrong even though liberalism died when the Berlin Wall fell in 1989. It's ""refreshing"" to see that Orwell, himself a socialist, was able to  critique the idiocy of socialism and communism.Even though many leftists  during the 30's, 40's, 50's, and 60's believed that communism was the wave  of the future, they were mistaken. Animal Farm is a vivid depiction of the  horrors of communism that occurred in the Soviet Union and currently occurs  in communist countries. The suppression of liberties, rule by leftist  elites, violent acts of terror, etc.And with TNT's version of Animal  Farm, perhaps socialism and communism will finally be gone from the face of  the Earth sometime in the near future."
"We were forced to read this in school, though I forgot which grade. Well, I was surprised that I couldn't actually put it down and read ahead of the class, finishing it up before anyone else. It really is a great and true classic. Everyone should read this. On the surface you may think it is just as the title suggests, a book about animals who take over a farm from their humans. However, if you look deeply, you will see that it is much more. Allegory upon allegory is subtley thrust at you, some I got, some only after my teacher explained things furthur for us. I read this years ago and still remember everything. It is quite fascinating when you actually think about it. You just need to take a closer look. For a short, but powerful book, everyone should read it."
"I liked this book alot. Part of the reason that it is a great book is because it deals with a lot of the problems that was going on in World War II. It really shows what happend and why it hapend. Another great thin is that it's made so that children ten and under can under stand what a section of the world went through. This book should always be read in schools. So that the children can get a good understanding of what happend. The book also has a couple of funny sections. I rated this book as a five not just because of the history behind it, but because of the great message it sends to the reader at the end of the book. Which is sometimes it is not the leader or people think should be the leader who is the problem but it is the situation that is the problem."
"Animal Farm is an allegory of a communist nation. The definition of communism is the government, usually totalitarian that controls the economy. According to the new commandments of the farm, ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL BUT SOME ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHER.""(pg 133) The pigs are the government controlled by the leader Napoleon who has more rights than the working class (animals). The pigs are allowed to sleep in beds, while the other animals sleep in the barn. This is similar to the era when the Soviet Union was controlled by the totalitarian leader Stalin. The government was known as communist. But the citizen did not have the same rights as the dictator similar to the government of the Animal Farm. Thus, this book is a representation of the Soviet Union's past."
"This really  has been one of the most excellent books I've ever read, it really shows us how politicians fool and tell lies to other people taking advantange on their ignorance and economic situation, it shows how  governments manipulates the law and constitution to their own benefits,  breaking their own rules.  Defenitly what Orwell intends to show us, is to  be concerned about all people, and be aware of our leaders, but most of all  it shows us no to be cowards, like most of the animals when they wouldn't  dare to say  the mistakes the pigs had made. SO JUST TO FINISH I TELL YOU  THAT YOU SHOULD ALWAYS STAND UP FOR YOUR BELIEFS, DON'T LET ANYONE TAKE  ADVANTAGE ON YOU BECAUSE EVEN THOUGH SOME ARE POORER SOME RICHER, WE ARE  INDEED ALL EQUAL"
"The book I read was Animal Farm. I thought it was a very good book I liked how they  used animals  to be the main charters in the book. I  thought it was a very interesting book. The animals did not like how the owner was  handling  things at the farm, so they took over the farm and the pigs  starting running the farm and things got a little better, but not as good  as the outer  animals thought it would go. The pigs starting  to get the  idea that they were invincible and did not even care about the other  animals. They starting getting careless and did not do nothing but get  drunk and  tell  other animals what to do. The other animals finally found  out what was going on and did not take it any more and got rid of the pigs  and had their own little farm."
"The greatness of Animal Farm lies in Orwell's ability to infuse every sentence with allusions and implications. For American citizens, these allusions are restricted to the Russian revolution; but for somebody who comes from a third world country, this book hits closer to home. Napoleon reminded me of local politicians who, as soon as they attain office, forget about the poor folks who elected them, and focus on hoarding money for themselves. His fierce dogs reminded me of ruthless military men who will do anything in order to insure that their leader retains power. Believe me, this story rings truer than any non-fiction book I've ever read. Lucky those who never have to experience the harrowing conditions that exist in countries that resemble Animal Farm."
This book was bought for a project at school and was very helpful
"Napolean is a dictator who was a lot like some of our terroists of to day, and how they get followers.  I think it shows how inhumane dictators are.  I also think it shows in more ways then one that dictators take and don't give anything back to their followers.The followers are always loyal and don't realize the dictator would eat better then them or if they were starving they wouldn't eat but, there leader would. That is why this book gives such a good understanding of it all!"
"I think the book shows in a good way the failur of the Russian Revolution and it's a good example for every situation in which a revolution missed it's aim. It's good that Orwell chose the genre of the fable. It's easy to pass the massage of the book if you use animals,because people associate different animals with different character traits. I think the book is nice to read and it's well written, but I would have enjoyed it more, if I hadn't had to do my English exam about it."
"Made teaching this rather difficult novel easy as pie!  This novel is very relevant to the current hostile political environment.  My freshmen loved all the connections we made to our current government, and it actually got a couple of them interested in the intriguing world of politics. They had no idea of all the backstabbing and double crossing that exists. Especially squealer and his propaganda at every turn!  Amazingly relevant must-read book for every high school student."
"Animal Farm is a microcosm of the much larger Orwell novel ""1984"", with personified farm animals as major characters instead of ""real"" people. The story line is essentially the same: Revolution puts the animals in charge of the farm. Smarter animals figure out how to take advantage of the other animals. Give themselves all the perks and privileges, and eventually turn into the ""people"" who were running the farm to begin with... Disturbing stories, both."
"I picked up this short novel, even though I have read it several times already, as a break between longer books.  Though written during the late 30's/early 40's it remains a very relavent  political novel.  What was clearly a commentary on Soviet Russia during that time, Animal Farm can be read today as a reflection on any current political system, even our own.  Its message is obvious, it's point clear. I hope that this book remains on school reading lists for years to come."
"While conveying a warm sense of character in the animals, Orwell effectively and succinctly spins a tale of freedom turned tyranny in this inviting book about the abuses of power, and the manipulation of masses through propaganda.  More than anything, it shows how segments of populations care not for well-being principles, but for comfort and control through increasingly absolute power.  The human ego should be reared carefully, lest it be used for war, violence, and evil."
"An old age problem, the masses versus the oligarchy.  Stunning."
required Reading for my son in middle school. an important book
"Wow, all I can say. I read animal farm and 1984 back to back, and all I can say is wow. Every ending of George orwell's books has been amazing, and has left me completely speechless. So much thought has gone into these books, and the messages they give you are always thought provoking and enlightening. A must read. I'm not a huge reader, and have never described myself as a reader, but these books have shifted my entire perspective on the medium. Absolutely amazing."
"This fantastically good book can be read (and enjoyed) by a young child, or an elderly economist. Not too many other books have that breadth of appeal. Read it, even if you don't know a thing about Marx, Trotsky, Stalin, et al. (Your interest may be sparked into learning more about them, afterwards.)"
"Hard to believe I never read this book. This was one of the gaping holes in the books I've read. I loved 1984, but something about the nature of this being set on a farm turned me off. When I finally got around to it, I was blown away. I don't want to get in to the plot too much, because it's so well known, but man, it will change how you see the world and governments."
I READ ANIMAL FARM ALMOST 5 TIMES AND BELIEVE ME IT IS A GOOD BOOK. UNFORTUNATELY IT DEPICTS WHAT'S GOING ON IN THE PRESENT WORLD THAT WE LIVE IN ESPECIALLY THE THIRD WORLD OF AFRICA WHERE COUNTRIES'S RESOURCES ARE ILL  MANAGED AND LEADERS IN SUCH COUNTRIES IN SUCH COUNTRIES DON'T HAVE A GOAL  OF IMPROVING THEIR CONUTRIESBUT TO AMASE WORLTH IN A BAD AND UNETHICAL WAY.
"So far, this was the first story I've ever had to read for an assignment in school that I actually enjoyed. And not many other stories have made me laugh out loud, and feel sorry for the characters. This was truly powerful,  and actually better to read if you don't think of it as an allegory, even  though that's what it's basically known for. It's just a great story."
This was the best book I read this year and I think i mite read one or two more times. My favorit carictor is box I think I am kind of like hime in a why. But in most all books there has to be someone you don't like. The carictor I didn't like was squiler the reason  I didn't like him was he just talked too good. in concusion I just wanted to say I love the book.
"I have read this book 6 times.  Every time I loved it.  It is amazing.  Every person should be required to read this book.  Not only for it's wonderful quality, but also for it's valuable lessons on totalitarian  governments, and how they destroy people.P.S.  I saw two minutes of the  TNT movie, and knew it sucked.  Do not watch.  There is a happy ending."
"Animal Farm turned what was one of the most significant events in this century and put it into a story even a 5th grader could understand while maintaining every bit of historical integrity. Even if you have no interest  in the Russian Revolution, you WILL be awed at the simple prose in which  Orwell writes to convey one of the most complex problems of our time"
"This is a great book.  Very short and easy to read but makes you think about the past, present, and future.  The US reminds me of an animal farm.  They had a revolution, said we are going to be a free nation and not pay taxes.  Now it seems we have less freedoms every year and pay more in taxes than when Mr Jones ran the shop.  Seems a bit sad and hopeless."
"This is an excellent book written in England at the end of the second world war. It was a prediction of how life would be living in a communist regime, but cleverly depicted in an animal farm. In my opinion this book is a must read one specially in Countries in which this kind of archaic socialism is reappearing as a ""novel"" political alternative."
The book is very thin and the letters are tiny!
"Animal farm is a fictional versian of communist Russia with astonishingly close models of the key players of the time, from Marx to stalin. Orwell has created a masterpiece of human nature and rebellion in a suprizingly short book, and has become a classic. Animal Farm is one of the most influential books I have read, and strongly recomend it to anyone!"
"I bought this for my 10 yr. old grandson to read over the summer.  We will read it together and discuss the various points the books makes. I believe it to be a thought provoking exercise for young people, and a good way to get them into reading for reasons other than pure enjoyment."
This book was a greatly written tale of the possiblity of animals taking over their farm. The treacherous pigs with their obvious use of trickery are able to use the other farm animals to their own advantage. In the story the pigs change the rules of Animal Farm throughout the story and by the end these pigs are no better than their human counterparts.
I hadn't read Animal Farm before and thought it was time.  The book is short and to the point.  The story makes it easy to understand the overall point Orwell was trying to make. I definitely recommend!
good book
The book was good the part I read was about Napoleon was one of  the bad guy and squealer and the guy and all that I now was Napoleon Killed boxer and Boxer and I think that Napoleon was  mad because Boxer was a smart I think in the group and I think that why Napoleon Boxer and for I my fovorite character was Boxer and I gave the book four stars.
"I was in the eighth grade when I read this story.  The concept 'everything in moderation, nothing to excess' stuck for some reason.  Now that I've read the story again (45 years later), it seems the rules were developed to benefit the masses and were changed to justify the means of a certain individual as needed.  Insane people do that, right?"
"when i was assigned this book to read for english class, i thought it would be boring because it was about animals taking over a farm- how realistic could that be???? but as i read on, i was given insight into a  world of communism and injustice and i quickly read this book. my favorite  part was the last quote, it was amazing. read this book!"
"I think I get something new out of this book every time I read it, which is a little strange since the book is really only a short commentary on socialism. This time I listened to the audio version and was easily caught up in the performance. This is one of those books that tends to be on everyone's must read list. I certainly put it on mine."
"Smart and timeless, darkly funny yet disturbing, and packing an inevitable ending that you can see coming from the first chapter, but you ultimately hope will somehow be avoided or circumvented. Alas. I missed reading this in school, but perhaps I'm appreciating it even more now as an adult, a voter and a writer, than I would have as a teen."
"The subtitle ""a fairy story""  is justified and made apparent by orwell's complacent usage of the omniscient view, and by this is able to surmise the complex passing of events therein in a simple yet sophisticated way. The introduction by Orwell in the back is equally well done, explaining both his intentions and inspirations for other books"
"It is a great misconception that Animal farm is soley about communism.  It bares much relevance in todays capitalist society.  It is a must read for people who are sceptical of globalization and who find the word democracy  being misrepresented.  Once again a brilliant book, which opens ones eyes  to the intrinsic misdeeds of society today."
"Animal Farm is a dark satire, showing us what the author considers are some of the worse implications of communism and its failures, and human politics in general.He uses a farm animal setting as the means to do this, as the various creatures set up their own class structures, leadership and indulge in repression and violence."
"In Animal Farm, Orwell illustrates that the ""classless"" ""utopian"" society that marxist communism attempts to setup is  unacheivable.  It demonstrates human natures want and need of power.  Using  pigs as the leaders of the communist government that was setup was a nice  touch of symbolism.  I highly recommend this book."
"Animal Farm is a very good, but short, book about some animals that feel they are being mistreated by their human masters.  They take over the farm, deciding never to behave as humans do.  The pigs, however, keep breaking  all of the rules and end up  treating the other animals worse than the  humans did.  The last sentence is powerful."
"Animal Farm is the story of a revolution gone sour.  Animalism, Orwell's take on Communism, is an illusion used by the pigs as a means of satisfying their lust for power.  At the beginning of the book, Mr. Jones, the master of the farm, is irresponsible toward his animals, so old Major, a white boar, informs the other animals of the need to form a rebellion against Mr. Jones and the human race.  The other animals embrace the idea of a revolution and develop a scheme to overthrow Mr. Jones.  After the revolution is complete, the animals feel an immediate freedom, a set of commandments is developed for the new ""Animal Farm,"" and they all begin working together for a common good.  However, it does not take long for the new society to begin to corrupt.  The satisfaction of removing Mr. Jones from the farm prevents the animals from noticing the politics still going on within the farm.  The animals are convinced by those in power that their memory of the original utopia and commandments are false.  So long as the animals cannot remember the past, because it is being continually altered, they will have no control over the present and future.  George Orwell is making a great political statement in Animal Farm with specific emphasis on mass rebellion.  It personifies Karl Marx's ideas for communism and illustrates what can happen after a revolution with specific attention to the fact that every society is political and contains ""pigs"" who will always grab for power.  This satirical fable leaves the reader with a better understanding of communism and the anatomy of political revolution in any culture."
"I read this back in high school in 1970, still appropriate today!  Orwells view coming out of WW II into the cold war era.  Are us humans still acting like animals?Read these by the same author:Burmese DaysNineteen Eighty Four (Akasha Classic)Coming Up For Air"
"I enjoyed it. A lot. AND I REALLY AM 11 YEARS OLD!  When you think about it, Animal Farm is frighteningly realistic and horrifying. We are the pigs...who are the other farm animals? Even though G.O. used animals, he was actually portraying us...in the way we could be. A fictional account of what could happen in a communism world."
This book gives indepth detail on how the idealism and injustice give way to a new hope only tho be dashed by those og impure qualities. The book is the one of the best explaniations to the collapse of the soviet union from  the revolution to the counter-revolution to its final demise. Very well  thought out. Highly recommended.
"...that cautions against complacency and letting others take advantage of you "" for the greater good."" This book is short, but paints so much imagery that can be used as parallels to our own systems of government around the world today. I loved how simple this book was to read, but how powerful it's message. A must buy."
"This was one of the greatest books I have read in my 12 years!!  Although I had to do it for a book report, I still enjoyed it very much.  And by the way I got an A on that report.  I suggest that any one who likes exciting, young adult style fantasy books, should definetly read this.  Go ahead buy it from Amazon.com right now."
"Sometimes at the end of the day, as a United States citizen, patriot, and a vociferous upholder of our constitution and ideaology, I feel like the horse.For those who have read it they will understand. For those that haven't buy the book and you will."
"A dark fable about what went wrong with the Russian Revolution. Brillient, has most of the themes that showed up in 1984 as well as ideas of it's own. Funny at times, sometimes tragic. Well worth reading. It's also short, so there's no excuse to pass it up."
This is a classic that no one can afford to miss.  Anyone with even a basic knowledge of Soviet history and politics can see the parallels with the 1917 revolution.  What a brilliant analogy.  I don't think there is any writer in our time that could make such parallels without even saying what they a trying to compare to.
Prelude to the agony of Lord of the Flies.
great book thanks for the timely deliverly
"I had to read this novel for a college course. I was really dreading it and put it off until 2 days before the paper on it was due. It surprised me and was a very interesting book. It was hard to put down. It is a great example of what socialism can do and that is destroy. Seriously though, great book glad i read it."
"This was my all time favorite book.  Although some I know who have read it found it frightening, I found it to be rather satirical and amusing.  I encourage any person fascinated in the Bolshevik Revolution to read this  book.  It is so funny how these animals seek a Communist Utopian type  society.  Great book!"
"Animal Farm is one of George Orwells best novels together with 1984. Its brilliant, satirical and thought-provoking. It is written in a simple style, so everyone can read it. This novel is a satire of the Russian Revolution and of Stalin. I couldnt put it down until its end. I would really recommend it."
"Animal Farm, the intriguing story of barnyard animals who take over a farm, is a satire which is derived from Stalin's reign of terror over Russia. In this comical, yet serious, account of what happened, two pigs  emerge as leaders to over throw the cruel farmer. Read this book if you  enjoy humor and parody."
"It was good because The animals showed real life situations, and different ways of dealing with it. I liked the book because, the animals had the own views, opinions and beliefs. The only reason I didn't like the book is we  had to read it for school, and it really isn't going to help me grow in my  education, the only history behond it is the Russian Revolution, so why  don't we get to the pt. and read a book about the Russian Revolution?  Instead of reading the book about animals. Otherwise, it thought it was ok."
"At first glance, this book is a cool story about animals who rebel against the farmer... but looking deeper it parallels the Russian Revolution, and tells a lot about Communism. As with 1984, It is another 'down with big  brother' book, but with a completely different flavour. It is truly a  remarkable book - one that you can read two or three times in a day, and  you should. I found many new things when I reread the book... and each time  I do, it becomes more intreging. Absolutely everyone should read this book!"
"""Animal Farm"" is a book which so eloquently depicts even the greatest intentions being spoiled. In this book pigs have grasped power from the rest of the farm animals and deceived these animals for the pigs' own good.  After successfully leading a rebellion against humans the farm seems strong, democratic, equal and moving forward but then a pig with a different agenda on his mind seizes control.  I think this book represents everything that can go wrong in a society once based on steadfast morals."
"An overall good book with a few points to be made. The pig, Napoleon, has trademarks of Adolf Hitler, the Japanese dictator, Tojo, and several others. His cunning is greater than anyone else on the farm, that's why Boxer was sent to the horse glue maker. But like all great leaders, what would he be without his own secret police and someone to tell false lies to the public to ensure his stability and greatness. He gets the pig, Squealer, to tell the lies and he has his dogs he raised and feed his evil lies."
"This book has been around a long time and I know different people get different things out of it. It was required reading in my high school English Lit class and I happened to read it in conjunction with Marx's ""Communist Manifesto"" because I was writing a term paper on Communism and Socialism for History. For me, Animal Farm really helped me understand why equality is an easy concept to embrace in theory but a sometimes difficult one to maintain in reality. It taught me a lot about human nature."
"The classic by George Orwell, a must-read for all. Explores the idea of a communistic utopia through the lives of farm animals who take control of their farm and run off the farmer. The pigs assume the role as leaders due to their higher intelligence, and take advantage of their ability to read to gain more power. Shows the downfalls of humanity and how the weak and strong members of society work together, and eventually, against each other. A gripping short tale that all should read, by a great author."
"This book is amazing for two reasons. It gives a brutally honest view of politics; and it does so in terms that even a child can understand. I read this book for the first time when I was just 11 years old. It was this book that introduced me to the idea of corrupt government. Orwell does a fine job of turning the twisted realities of society into a group of talking animals.A true classic that goes beyond America and can speak to generation after generation, this book deserves the 5 star treatment."
"ANIMAL FARM IS A VERY INTERESTING BOOK TO READ AND FOR INTERTAINMENT. I ENJOYED READING IT. I  SPECIALLY LIKED THE PART WHERE THE PIGS TURNED TO HUMANS AND HUMANS TO PIGS, THAT THEY COULDN'T TELL WHICH WAS WHICH.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO EVERYBOBY. IT MAKES THE READER WANT TO READ MORE. THE  READER WILL SEE HOW THE PIGS DIDN'T WANT TO DO THINGS OR ACT LIKE HUMANS, BUT THEY ENDED UP DOING ALL OF THE OPPOSITE THINGS THEY HAD SAID. I THINK WHO EVER READS THIS BOOK IS GOIN TO ENJOY IT ALOT LIKE I DID."
This story creeped me out when I was a teen. Now it seems prophetic.
"Although Orwell may have been making a mockery of the russian revolution, which in itself was a joke, the book conveys such a shocking, gravitational message it must be considered a piece of excellence.  Abuse of power and  corruption of authority are horrifying realities that exist in our society  today.  Orwell's message is universal.  We must appreciate his genius and  respect his ability as a writer.  This is a great book, and is essential  reading for anybody that appreciates true literature."
"this book is extremely good.  It is on of my very favorite books.  It touched me, even when I first read it, in fourth grade.  I didn't fully understand it then, so I wouldn't reccomend this book for people that  young.  This book is very very good.  That is about all I can say about it.  You should read it."
"The book arrived intact with both front and back cover.  However, the pages were very badly marked up, highlighted on, scribbled on.  Evidently a student used this for what my student was needing it.  He will be able to use it for its intended purpose but we were not expecting it to arrive in this condition."
"Problably the best book I ever read.  The truth of communism is exposed in a genieus way, one that has never been done before.  It used animals to portray the communist people.  Nothing is more true than ""all animals  are equal.... but some are more equal than otheres"".  I think it goes  like that."
I found this book to be interesting because I liked the way the animals made a plan and attacked the humans. I agree with the animals because they should be treated nicely and cared for no matter what animal they are. it would be cool if that really happened. But in real life I'm sure it would  not happen.
"I read this book for one of my recent school classes. It was interesting and I consider it to be a classic among early 20th century literature, though it is not perfect. The only major thing I personally did not like: it seemed to short (only 10 chapters) to gain a perspective that produced true meaning."
This was one of the first book I ever read. It is a great example of how writing can be sophisticated. It is pretty obvious to everyone the satire that Orwell creates. This really makes you think about politics and how it effects everyone.
I feel taht the novel portrays human behaviour and tendencys exytremly well.It has a very acurate  conection with real life ( the lives of Trosky and Stalin) the the novel is a political one. I find that the novel does not keep a reader interested and I found myself pushing myself to read the rest.
How could I not rate this book a five star. I have read it three or more times. It is from one of the best writers in our time.I always appreciate the classics that return you to the true genius of good literature.
"Normally, when books are assigned at school, I sigh, and force myself to finish the book because it is either boring, long, or slow-moving.  Animal Farm was none of these.  Not only was it a wonderful book, it had a deeper  root in the Communist Russian Revolution.  I recommend this book to  anyone!!"
"George Orwell magically captures the characters and characteristics of the Russian Revolution in a way which captivates both adults and children. Animal Farm is not just an analogy of how political ideologies can become mutated, but how most ideal social organisations become corruptible in some way."
Amazing book! finished it in one night.
This book is a great book for anyone in high school or up. This book describes the meaning of communism by using animals instead of humans. This book has a very dark side to it due to when it was published and its true meaning. Overall this book is extremely good and has a great meaning behind it.
"I have never forgotten this book, I read it in my 20's! It is a quick and easy read that has an almost prophetic vision of where society@politics seem to be headed today.If this book is not required reading in schools it should be, along with Alas Babylon I am ordering both for my children to read"
My son and I read this book for his English class. We were hoping for a different ending to be more positive since throughout the book it was sad most of the time. It makes you think of this world today and how people treat others and if this sort of behavior will ever happen again. Kind of scary!
Animal Farm ranks with the best of the best books of this century. It offers incredible language use and a humorous and witty satire of the Russian Revolution. Napoleon offers an almost exact silohoute of the leader  of the Russian revolution. I reccomend this book for anyone who loves to  read.
"Originally written as Orwell's warning of the emerging Fascist nature of the Soviet Union, then operating under the guise of being a ""Socialist Democracy of the Proletariat,"" this ideological satire about anthropomorphized animals, has become a metaphor for all forms of ""State run,"" oppressive and Fascist-leaning governments that use guile, slights of hand, propaganda, lies, ""double talk,"" ""double think,"" and the rewriting of history, to wrest away ""power and freedom"" from ""the people.""Eric Blair, who wrote under the pseudonym, George Orwell, fought in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the Republicans, and early on distrusted Stalin's government - even when it fought along side the West, in helping to defeat Hitler. Like Churchill, Orwell (through this novel, and his ""1984"") was a prescient voice of reason about the true nature of Communism.The key to the story is not so much the revolution that takes place, in which the animals uproot and run ""the man"" away, but in the generalized way in which revolutionary governments, once they assume power, in due course, tend to become nothing if not, oppressors by a new name. The common motif and paradigm of these erstwhile champions of the revolution is that they quickly learn ""the ways of corruption and anti-democracy:"" That is, they learn how to disrespect the truth, reject true equality and moral principles, and arrogate power unto a smaller and smaller elite group or ruling clique among themselves. They then begin to subtly bend and then change the Constitution and other rules so that in the end those instruments only favor and benefit their own cliques. Power is maintained in the hands of the new ruling cliques, first by rallying the masses to heroic efforts in the name of the original revolutionary causes, and then as power is siphoned away from the people, in the name of its more hollow and propagandistic symbols. Overtime all thoughts of the revolution grow dim and so do the people's freedoms. Cuba has been the classic case in point.Events of today however would suggest that it is again time to pull out and reread Orwell's warnings, only this time as they apply to the American Revolution, whose luster, under the present Republican administration and democratically run Congress, is not just beginning to fade, but has begun to take on the color and character of Orwell's Animal Farm.Our politicians have learned all too well how to show us the same kind of disrespect as did ""Napoleon"" in Orwell's tale: They lie to us and can no longer be believed; they use our national symbols to whip up emotions, send us into unnecessary wars, and to keep us divided; corruption among a smaller and smaller circle of elites is rampant; in the face of corporate money and the money of lobbyists our democratic freedoms including voting, are slowly slipping away and are being rendered meaningless. We are rapidly becoming a democracy in shell only. Another pretext, like a second 911, and we could see the final glimmer of the light of the American Revolution go out altogether. A ""Fascist America"" is no longer a distant thought.""Four legs good, two legs bad or conservatives good; liberals bad?""Five Stars"
"It wasn't my first stay on the farm. I'd read Orwell as a girl, one with ethnic roots reaching back to the Baltic States (Latvia) then occupied by the Soviet Union, and so having grown up on stories of human cruelty and betrayal, of human nature gone corrupt when faced with the seduction of power -- all of that rather than the common, soothing fairy tale. For that reason, I surely understood it on a deeper level than most of my peers. I was fifteen the first of many times I visited the Soviet Union. And even though I had been born in the then freedom of the United States, I understood well enough that what I was witnessing was the essence of evil.George Orwell was a socialist. With leanings towards Trotsky, perhaps an idealism that would be tested by the ugly reality of human nature, he did not stand where I stood in terms of ideology. I leaned more towards a laissez faire capitalism, a system never tested on this planet to this very day, but that did not detract from my enthusiasm for ""Animal Farm."" On this barnyard, we saw eye to eye and snout to snout.""Animal Farm"" is a story as if written for a child, and yet, not. Its language is simple. But the adult aware of history and politics, of the ways of government out of control, fully recognizes the parallels Orwell intended with the Russian Revolution. His animal characters had human counterparts. Marx, Trotsky, Lenin, Stalin, all find their form here among pigs become men, or is it men become pigs. Guard dogs mimic KGB, hard working horses (Boxer) mimic the hardworking proletarians, tragically deluded. A farm of abused and overworked animals, often slaughtered when they have passed their prime as work animals, revolt against the farmer - mankind - surely the epitome of cruel animal. Alas, given such power as to run the farm themselves, the animals quickly shift into social classes delineated by power. Pigs rule, and with their rule comes privilege. To sustain privilege, the pigs change laws to their convenience and pleasure. The basic tenet of ""All animals are equal"" becomes ""All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.""Orwell wrote about the Russian Revolution. And well he should, because it can be argued that the cruelty of that government has as yet not been fully understood by the ""free world"" even today. Yet the power and timelessness of this tale is that it can be applied to all governments when not held firmly within their checks and balances -- and frightening parallels can be witnessed in the current administration of the United States. I reread the book today with growing dis-ease. With all of our talk of superiority, our Patriot Acts and our eavesdropping, our acts of aggression and our collective amnesia surrounding the Geneva Act, there but for the grace of God go we..."
"Animal Farm is written by George Orwell, the two characters I would consider the stars of this political story are Boxer, and Napoleon, I would give Napoleon three stars, and I would give Boxer five. Boxer is a hard working loyal animal who has the strongest will on the farm. He works for the dictator Napoleon the pig. Boxer is the one you will always find working like crazy when all of the other animals on the farm slack off. Boxer has two life mottos, the first is Napoleon is always right, the second is I will work harder! Even though he has been loyal and hardworking to Napoleon, he is betrayed in his time of need. I would say that Boxer has heart, and he is my favorite character in this novel, that is why I gave Boxer five stars. Napoleon, the pig and a leader. Napoleon is the leader/ dictator of animal farm. He tricks all of the not as smart animals on the farm to do his dirty work. Napoleon only has one strength, he is smarter than any one on the farm. He starts rebelling the animals of what used to be Manor Farm, he gets them to fight the owner and drive him away. Then he makes some laws for the farm which after there victory of rebelling was called Animal Farm. Some of the laws were don't drink alcohol, don't wear human clothes, and don't sleep in houses on beds, all which were broken by a certain dictator. Napoleon considers himself a war hero, and a regular day hero. He thinks very highly of himself, and all the other pigs, but the other animals he considers not as good as the pigs. I would consider Napoleon to be a pig Hitler. In his hardest workers time of need Napoleon betrays him. I can't stand characters like this, but I guess every story needs a bad guy, this is why I gave Napoleon two stars. Other books I would like to recommend are Johnny Tremain, Bud not Buddy, and any of the Harry Potter books. I am a Duke Blue Devils fan, and a Christian."
"I had never really heard of George Orwell's Animal Farm until I was a senior in high school. Our European History teacher told us that we had to read it for a semester project. I wasn't looking forward to it. So, I waited until the last week of the assignment to start reading it. But once I started I couldn't book the book down. The story in itself is very well told.  Life wasn't that bad on the Jones's Farm, but the animals, especially the pigs weren't happy that the Jones seems to be profiting from the animals hard work. Then one day on Mr. Jones's farm, all the animals revolted against him and kick him and his family off the farm. The pigs, the most intelligent of the animals, were the leaders of the revolt. Two pigs would rise as the leaders. Their names are Snowball and Napoleon. Each one had their own unique characteristics. Snowball is a dreamer who is very persuasive in his speeches. He is always looking for ways to help the farm survive. Napoleon is not a very good speaker, but he is great at getting people on his side. Everything started out perfectly; all animals were created equal and they all had the same rights and duties as the others. The farm was doing very well and all the animals were happy. Yet, slowly things started to happen that none of the animals could explain. Napoleon and his followers started to act differently. Soon most of the animals started to feel just like they did with Mr. Jones. But nothing could prepare them for what was coming next. This is one of my favorite books I have ever read. I am not a very big reader but I really loved this book. The first reason is how quick of a read it is. It took me only one day to finish it. The way George Orwell explains situations in detail is amazing. He uses simple words and ideas yet paints a great picture. The story in itself is very entertaining but if you look closely at what is happening we find a bigger story.  The story of Animal Farm is directly related to the Russian Revolution and how Stalin gained control over the people. It is very hard to believe that George Orwell can tell the dark story of how Stalin gained power over Russia in a book about animals; but he does and he does a fabulous job at it. Just by reading the story and knowing about the Russian Revolution I was able to understand what had happened in Russia. It puts it in perspective that many people can understand easily. I would recommend this book to everyone who wants to learn more about the Russian Revolution or just about history in general."
"Is interesting to notice that for the mayority of the people reading this book they will consider it fiction while for the people that is a reality they will not be allow to read it!I come from a communist country (Cuba) and I was amaze by the painting so true to the reality that Orwell makes about communism in 1945!One would think that they will have learned from past mistakes but not so. In Cuba they committed the same mistakes and some new ones. Then I realize this where not mistakes. Given the same rules you always end up with the same result is like a mathematic theorem deduced from the axioms.Cuba is not the Soviet Union but their communism inherited all the same defects.  We can even see their Napoleon (Fidel Castro) selling now Cuba piece by piece to anyone that wants to buy it just to keep himself in power.I never understood how was possible to meet productions quotas at 150 % like the state own media will repeat and the living standard will still be the same or worst, ""Patria o Muerte Venceremos"" the ending in every speech. The Blockade from the USA was to blame for everything bad to the revolution just like everything bad in animal farm was Snowball's fault.Some people make think that other people out there will have learn this lesson but we just have a look at the Venezuelan people now with another Napoleon (Chavez) they always start making many promises of equality but once their power is secure just like in Animal Farm the rule is change to ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS"".I remember the last sentences of Marx's Communist manifesto.""Let the ruling classes tremble at a communist revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win.Proletarians of all countries, unite! ""How mistaken was he. Proletarian you stand to lose more than chains. You will gain more sophisticated chains that will cover your mouth (loosing your freedom of speech and your own personal freedom) they will even play like Humpty Dumpty with the meaning of words  and will change the meaning of words like ""freedom"" so to erase the ""capitalist meaning"".Learn everything there is to learn from this little book about the end result of the same set of rules. Learn that communism always goes to the same place as demonstrated by the Soviets and the Chinese and that is back to Capitalism! So why go on such a painful and shameful route. Save yourself the trouble."
"This book was ""required reading"" when I went to highs school, and I just reread it and am amazed at how things have not changed since then, even though it is the 2000's one hoped things would have changed by now, but have not.Through animals description of how a war can begin by fooling its people and letting them feel that there is democracy even though there is none.You can see the same thing happening in some Latin American countries. I loved it once again, but this time seeing it in the eyes of an adult and not of a teenager who is being obliged to read it"
"""Animal Farm"" was a good book, but kind of freaky.  It makes you think more deeply about the meaning of slavery, and the nature of human beings.  Although pigs are the evil characters in this book, it is obvious that they represent dictators (specified in other reviews), and the characters' actions show us how trust can be misleading, and therefore that something of the same magnitude of the Holocaust or Rwandan genocide could happen again.I thought the ending was surprising, but leaves you wondering if the author is using a metaphor.  Read it!!  Doesn't take too long."
"Quite a long time since I leafed through this book, but I do remember that it quite convincingly represents humans as pigs. I can add little else new to what others have already said, except that Animal Farm stands as the definitive, and to my knowledge the best, example of an allegory. By the way, ""A reader from NJ, June 11, 1998,"" writes, ""It was interesting to see how the pigs were the leaders, when in real life, they're not very smart."" For the enlightenment of that reader and others who may not have had the opportunity to deal with pigs, allow me to note that they are in fact beyond smart. Like really, really smart, that I can't even."
"This is the most short political satire story I have read. It is like those political caricatures which appear on the magazines; crisp and yet to the point. Though this has been written some decades ago, the mock of leadership, communism and state control on the country are well-relevant in this new age. Kudos to George Orwell for writing a book which stands the test of time. Not many novels (especially political sattires) can boast it as this book claims. Worth reading if you are into politics or otherwise, worth reading if you are intrigued by human behaviour in groups, worth reading if you want to understand leadership (and what is not leadership)."
"I first read this book without really considering its message but I loved it anyway and thought it was a great story. However the lasting impression is its excellent satire of comtemporary society in Russia under Stalin, and  this has obviously made it a favourite for American high school  indoctrination. It is not really a satire on other Communist societies and  Marxist philosophy in general, but more a chilling criticism of the  betrayal of idealism in Russia by 1945 with implicit references to  Stalinism throughout the book. But whether you appreciate the political  side of it or are looking for a great story it is either way an excellent  read."
A great book to read again after 50 years or so.  He sure knew what he was talking about!
"From the point in which ""Old Major"" made his stirring speach to the animals in the barn, I was hooked.  (Lenin would have been pleased)A compelling tale of a group of animals that rise against their masters to acheive equality.  As the story progresses, drawing the parallels between this childrens story and the real world became abundently clear.  As ""Animal Farm"" transends between an unjust enviornment lead by Farmer Jones to the unjust enviornment lead by Napolean the ""pig"", it is easy to see how happened to them . . . and to the Russians.  A story every child should read by the time they leave high school."
"Everything Orwell wrote remains meaningful (with perhaps the exception of some of his essays). It bothers me a little that the one star review of this book was written by a kid who was forced to read this book in 9th grade; however, I understand. No one is going to like a book they are forced to read, but in the larger picture of the human condition and the social order Orwell is as important as Shakespeare in terms of far reaching themes and ideas. Also, given that the United States has been in a kind of Pre-Enlightenment holding patteren culturally and politically fot the past 20 to 30 years one would be worse off for having not read Orwell."
"So I decided to start catching up on all the required reading since my school system was bad and I didn't read a lot of what my friends have read.The story was interesting enough that the writing didn't deter me.  The story had a pattern, so it wasn't difficult to see where it was going.  It wasn't until the end that I though, ""OH! This is a good book."" The ending was a creeping discovery and kind of awesome.If you are of my age 25+, and have not read the book, I would say give it a chance because it's not bad.Also, my education on history is pretty bad, so I couldn't draw on the satire of the book."
"Don't let any preconceptions discourage you from reading this book.  Yes it is short.  Yes the writing can be understood by someone rather young. Yes the Cold War is over and communism's role in the world is greatly reduced. However, this book remains important and enjoyable.  The the story of the animal revolution (and the gradual erosion of the values it once stood for) is a thinly veiled allegory for communism.  However, more broadly it can represent the unpleasant mutation of any social or political movement.  Bottom line: this is a classic that still rings true.  The short time invested reading this novel will produce high returns."
"Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" was on of the most entertaining books I have ever read. It is about a group of animals that lived on a farm, rebelled against the humans to lead their lives, but then when one of their own animals rules, the conclusion is that the animals becomes like a human, and the animals had gained nothing. The novel starts of by explaining Mr. Jones, the farm owner. The description of him was very mean, however, I personally do not think that Mr. Jones is all that bad. It seems that he used physical abuse in the means to organize and control, but did not use this strategy to his extreme. The Pigs are supposed to be the wisest. Orwell's satire of human nature is quite funny, making a pig a symbol of a human, and then when that pig (Napoleon) is corrupted with power, becomes a human. Besides politics, there were many historical allusions, biblical allusions, and a bit of stereotypes. The historical allusions consisted of communism, Hitler, and dictatorship. Napoleon, the leader of the animals, was power-hungry, and in turn became a dictator. In the beginning, animal farm was trying to make a utopian society using the method of communism, that all the animals should be treated equal. However, communism is the ideal society; it did not work for our world because of other factors, the method itself. Soon, Napoleon became a dictator and the method died. Napoleon can be compared with Hitler because Hitler tried to make a separation of line between the Germans and the Jews as Napoleon made that line with the animals to humans. In a wryly remark, the names of the animals played as a stereotype with the type of animal that they were. Boxer, the horse, was a hard working animal that always believed that if he listens and just ""works harder"" then true happiness can come for it. This reminds me of an actual boxer because boxers work hard one on one with their coach for better results, and do not question it. There was another comparison that I made while reading ""Animal Farm"", the connection with Golding's ""Lord of the Flies"" and ""Animal Farm"". Both stories are a bit equivalent. ""Lord of the Flies"" consists of boys stranded on an island so they make their societies, which in turn is divided by good and evil, but the evil is corrupted then restored at the end of the book. ""Animal Farm"" has somewhat of a same kind of tone. There are these animals that wish to have more rights and freedom so they rebel against Mr. Jones (and any other humans), Napoleon gets corrupted that he chases away Snowball (other pig that was in power with him) so he can have all the power. All the rules are broken, and at the end the farm is restored as it was in the beginning, but with more corruption. The rules were called the Seven commandments. This makes a religious allusion. The animals try to obey the rules, combining the theory of church and state. However, all the rules are broken by Napoleon, but must be obeyed by the pigs. Overall, I personally enjoyed this book. It is entreating, short, and had many of these little allusions that make it quite humorous."
"Never mind communism and the workers' paradise.  This tale shows exactly what happens when technical experts in high-tech fields decide to support the venture capitalists' new team of management ""experts"" over the founding management team, instead of hitting the silk at the first sign of trouble.The new management faction follows this familiar sequence, making use of the techies' unfortunate habit of continuing to work hard until it's too late:- wins the technical experts over with their inspiring slogans and ""vision"" for the company's future- demonizes the original members of the management team to keep the techies from following them out the door as each is ousted- invests heavily in ideas unrelated to the core business that go nowhere but sound good in press releases- works the techies to exhaustion supporting the ideas that go nowhere but sound good- reorganizes the techies' roles out of existence and lays them off, replacing them with inexpensive, compliant drones to boost the short-term profit picture- quickly sells the empty shell for a profit to a clueless winning management team at another company, which then uses the shell as its one of its own ideas that go nowhere but look good in press releases- hires into another unsuspecting company that has a great product and thinks it needs some management experts so it can grow- starts the whole cycle over again.This is also known as the ""ichneumon fly effect"" among its techie victims.  Look up ""ichneumon fly"" in a Yahoo! search or an encyclopedia to see why.And read ""Animal Farm"" again to see how our own capitalist piglets have managed to lead the sheep astray.This is still an important book."
"George Orwell's The Animal Farm is a great book that bridges the gap between history and fiction.  This easy-to-read book is a story of ""Manor Farm"" and the many animals that live there.  At first glance it may appear to be an extra long children's story, however, the reader will soon pick up on the underlying story.  This fable is allegorical in nature due to the fact that it tells the story of Soviet communism.  This is a story that features a workers' revolt where the working class (the animals) rise up against an oppressive ruling class (humans).  This revolt resembles the revolt advocated by Karl Marx, the so-called ""father of communism"".  The animals' revolt against their oppressors only leads to a much harsher oppression within a dictatorship, once again pointing to the Soviet brand of communism.  Orwell paints an accurate picture throughout this story of both the dictatorship, which is represented by pigs, and the lesser working class, which is the rest of the animals.  Despite the serious nature of Orwell's message, there is some comedy as well as action that make this story a good read.  Although this book was originally published in 1946, it is still relevant today.  In today's world there are still residual effects of Soviet communism as well as many dictatorships.  By reading The Animal Farm one is able to understand the oppressive nature of a dictatorship, and of communism in its impure state, which will allow one to have a better understanding of the tactics dictators use to seize and remain in power.  This understanding will also shed light on the events occuring throughout the world today in the form of war and strife.  This short book that resembles the nursery rhyme ""Old McDonald's Farm"" is a much more complex story than it appears.  Anyone who considers themselves to be an historian or a casual reader could benefit from reading this classic tale."
"I read this book in many years ago in high school and hated it, but thought I might like it now as I have enjoyed other books by Orwell.  This is much better than I remembered, and is pretty easy to read.  The chapters are small, and the story well written.  It is a good work of pure fiction."
I got this book as part of my Amazon unlimited subscription and read it in under three hours. It is a delightful literary piece that reflects so much of our nature as creatures living in a society plagued with self imposed needs and a never ending thirst for acknowledgment and peer approval.
I don't understand people who hate this book or don't understand it. I am only 12 and I understand what it is saying.In San Salvador they are having a similar problem and after reading this book I had a grudge against pigs  (except Babe) and even through it was dark it was a wonderful book.
Orwell has to be the man with the most brilliant mind or the man with the most common sense. Everyone should be required to read this book. It is what has happened time and again but people still let it happen to them. America you are next if you do not take heed and fight for your rights.
George Orwell is a great writer. Showing how the best of intentions lead to bad things. His description of the pigs show his feelings about Stalin and Trotsky. This is the best anti-communist novel besides the author's 1984.
"This is a paperback edition of Orwell's timeless classic. Animal Farm, together with 1984, remains among the most important and popular works of literature with a focus on government. Required reading for all students. All books may be created equal, but some are more equal than others."
"I really enjoyed this version of the very well-known novel by George Orwell, Animal Farm. (ISBN 13: 978-1503138612)I have read this book many times and never get bored of it. It creatively describes the miseries of human nature plus some history we, as humans, should learn from."
I like the book but the big words were confusing at times but it was great the ending confused me too because we don't know what happened to the animals and is he trying to explain through the book that animals are like people or the animals made a wrong decision in trusting Napoleon
Great book. Read it in a couple hours
"One reason I liked this book is because it shows how animals struck out against humans using good strategy.  It also showed how the animals got really mad at eachother because of Napoleans selfish, self-indulgent ways.  Buy this book if you want to read a great book (or kill time)."
"This book is very good. Not only does it demonstrate how power corrupts, but it uses humor at the same time. Orwell shows his masterful thinking in this humorous and didactic novel. I highly recommend this book to anyone who wishes to have a better understanding of human nature."
"This book is filled with excitment, every page that you turn just makes you want to read on!! Except fot  the begging it was boring but then it got better. This book  is about team work and it results. Working together to get the job dun!! This book is very inspiring!!!!!!!"
"In this book, a farm full of Animals decides to kick outtheir master and take over. They successfully do this but run into some problems throughout the future. First Snowball is the leader and then Napoleonkicks out Snowball and elects himself to lead. He ends up basically turning into a human and things end up just as they use to be with a human master.  I think that the real turning point is when Snowball is kicked out. He was much more loyal to the animals than Napoleon ever was.Snowball would have kept things not only prosperous, but content. The animals would have been much more happy with Snowball. Napoleon takes advantage of hispower and uses it against his fellow animals.George Orwell is an incredible writer. He has an amazing imagination. Just how everything ran together was great. He made sure that there were plenty of turning points and chapters to keep you reading. His idea of animals ruling anything over a human was brought out to be the best. He did an excellent job choosing characters and making them out to be so different from one another. Each personality foreshadowed their future. I also like how he made the ending a little depressing but realistic.I would definitely recommend this book to just about anyone who can read. It's agreat book for kids, teenagers, and adults. It really expands your mind on the possibilities of an animal's world. This is the most imaginative book I might ever read. I had no idea it would be such a page-turner. Every animal's personality interacted with another's and that's what made it so interesting. I give it a 10/10."
"I thought this was an excellent story by Orwell. There are many parallels to 1984 in this, and friendly to many age groups. It shows the inherit attraction to corruption of governments, the failure of communism, and how easy people can be manipulated. Highly recommenced."
It is hard to believe that a man (Orwell) can write so definitively about the actual living conditions and evils of socialism and yet call himself a socialist. This is a precursor to his book 1984 and sounds a lot like Ayn Rands book Anthem but set with farm animals.
"This is the classic tale of how bureaucracies doing good work for the subjects leads to tyranny. It was originally a satirical allegory about Soviet Russia. However, after reading this story again after 40 years, I can see many parallels with the modern U.S. government."
Fantastic book. It kept my interest
"Mistreated farm animals conform together after suffering the wrath of  their drunkard master and decide to finally do something about the  situation. After not receiving food one afternoon, the animals rush the  farmer's house and take the food they need along with the entire farm.  Reorganizing as a race of animals, the higher-class pigs rank the other  animals into classes and give them duties to perform. The fate the swine  decide for the animal society gradually turns bad when they socialize the  others into low-class laborers and forget their original needs to be  equally independent. This proves devastating for the pigs as the other  animals revolt in the end. Widely known as an interpretation of the Russian  Revolution, this tale indirectly attacks the Stalinism of the late Soviet  Union."
"What most people don't seem have said in their reviews of this book is just how strongly Orwell makes you feel about the animal's situation.  At  many points, such as when Boxer is taken away, you feel yourself wishing  the animals would realize what is being done to them.  Like in Orwell's  non-fiction books its through his objective, journalistic approach that you  emphasis with the characters.  Its this emotional power that makes the book  great and not because it is a satire about the Russian Revolution.  I would  strongly recommend that anyone who did enjoy Animal Farm, try to read some  of Orwell's earlier books, like ""Coming Up For Air"" and  ""Down and Out In Paris and London"".  AND I think its very unfair  to start burdening Socialism with  some of Communism's flaws."
"I read this satire here in Brazil.This is a fun, short and excellent book.The book tells a fable about a revolution in a farm.The pigs take the power.Then, all the fings at the farm became worse then ever before, except for the pigs.This book is obvious a satire about communism and revolutions. Because of this fact, 100% of communist countries put this book out of law, since it was printed for the first time.Having being writen about 60 years ago, this book isn't outdated.Former Soviet Union was animal farm, at that times.Today North Korea,Cuba, China, Venezuela,etc. are ""Animal Farm"".The best picture about nazism, was the picture ""The Great Dictator"" by Charles Chaplin, in 1940.A picture or a book.The comedy is one of the best ways, to fight against left's bigots and madness."
"Animal Farm definitely deserves a 5/5 rating. It is a wonderfully exciting read that exemplifies totalitarianism in an adult fairy tale. As you get deeper into the book, you discover what can happen when a government corrupts. Not only is this book educational, George Orwell has turned a serious topic into a hilarious comedy, making it an enjoyable read. The story line of Animal Farm is also a strong aspect of the book. You cannot put this riveting page-turner down. For the first time in years, I found myself hooked on a fairy tale about talking farm animals. Animal Farm is a one of a kind book that is an essential read for everyone. Animal Farm is a five star winner on my list and I hope it will make it to yours too."
"In my 6th grade English class we've been readingAnimal Farm. My teacher [Mr. Fixx] lets us debate over themessage [if there is one] this book sends. I would not classify this book as under fairy tales. It has a strong moral to send to all of us. I believe that readers from 12 through adult would enjoy this. It is an extremely serious book, not humorous, as one may think from the title. It is short book, but to the piont and very riviting. There are plenty of cliff-hangers and fore-shadowings. The author leaves you a lot of clues, much of the fun of reading this is to try to place the puzzle together.  I would reccomend this book to any person who likes morals and something different-as this one is!"
"The book was a quick read. It was a short book that holds much information. While reading Animal Farm, it seemed a bit boring but really I found out that it was an important book. Actually, it seemed very logical and easy enough to understand that George Orswell was using a heavy form of metaphor. The metaphor was that farm animals such as pigs/boars, cows, donkeys, and sheep were acting as though they were humans, specifically in a Communist environment. It is very quirky but interesting how Orswell uses this as an example to show the break-down of a Communist government. Furthermore, even though it is all about farm animals out in the country, it still gives a strict and formative idea about Communism among humans. Overall: it deserves to be on the classic list close towards number 1."
"Great Book, George Orwell is a great author. Love his books. Strange to think of them as Russians though. 5/5"
"Animal Farm was a very deep book.  It's one of those books where when you read it you get a different perpspective every time!.  I think the author got this piece of literature off to a grand start.  In the very beginnings of this book Mr. Jones is very drunk.  The animals wait for him tom go in the house and turn the bedroom light off.  All the animals had a high rspect for Willingdon Bueaty.  That is the name of the prize winning middle- white boar that was OWNED by Mr. Jones.  The old pig always liked to share his dreams with the farm animals.  He was so respected that all the animals were willing to lose an hours sleep just for him.  The animals eventually make a daring attempt to (live better lives)at the old farm.  I give this book a rating of 5, and an age limit to 10 and up."
"Animal Farm was a very deep book.  It's one of those books where when you read it you get a different perpspective every time!.  I think the author got this piece of literature off to a grand start.  In the very beginnings of this book Mr. Jones is very drunk.  The animals wait for him tom go in the house and turn the bedroom light off.  All the animals had a high rspect for Willingdon Bueaty.  That is the name of the prize winning middle- white boar that was OWNED by Mr. Jones.  The old pig always liked to share his dreams with the farm animals.  He was so respected that all the animals were willing to lose an hours sleep just for him.  The animals eventually make a daring attempt to (live better lives)at the old farm.  I give this book a rating of 5, and an age limit to 10 and up."
"I read Animal Farm by George Orwell The New Signet Version with a Preface and an Introduction both new features to accommodate the book. The novel itself was very enjoyable to read and was thought out completely with a creative mind. The symbolism is ever present in the story helping it to produce the fairy tale affect. This book I thought was a real (relatively short) page-turner because along with the excitement throughout the story there are many characters developing to go along with the farm itself changing as well. George Orwell's masterpiece was a subtly rebellious novel of the times, he was telling the world what he felt about the current events, which he did not agree with. Orwell's ability to combine many different aspects of spinning a great yarn makes this a must read."
"what makes animal farm so brilliant is that Animal farm is so accessible to every age group. I couldn't put it down, i got so drawn in. if you don't learn anything from reading this book then go and bury yourself somewhere  because you shouldn't be let out!"
"I just like it. Moreover, the book is so slim or thin and text are so small to read. All these makes it difficult to read and it makes the reader waste a lot of time trying to view the wordings since they are very small letter for each word in the book. i"
"An incredible read, the author really gives you an intense experience of what life behind soviet doors was like during the Russian revolution, the inequalities and struggles and the inevitably of tyranny that emerges in the end. I'm moving onto 1984 next!"
"probably the most enlightening 90 minutes you will ever spend...the world will definitely look different after reading this book. intended by orwell to be anti-communist satire, i think just about every episode is equally  fitting to anti-communist usa."
"This is a great masterpiece from George Orwell. It's a satire on communism IMHO. I read it when I was at my daughter's age. Now she wanted it. I love the punch line ...""All are equal.."" The book is hilarious! A must read for literature lovers."
This book stands the test of time as to the horrors of communism and it's very real threat to society.  I've read this book several times over the years.  It should be on the required reading list of every middle and high school in the United States.
"Kay Calhoun  Book Review - Animal Farm  10/30/00Animal Farm is a deeply compelling piece of work that asks us to imagine what  world figures are represented by Animal Farm characters.  The story is about an animal revolt (revolution) against the farm owner to make for better lifestyles and  more justice in their existence.  Each character in the book (animal) has its own distinct personality and represents someone in world history in the real world.I  liked the book immensely, because it was extremely well written by Orwell and the characters were well developed.  The book was easy to read and hard to put down.  Besides being a pleasure to read about these characters, Orwell's book taught lessons on racism, dictatorship, propaganda, totalitarianism, loyalty and socialism.Orwell was a genius to have real world figures represented by animals and had trouble  getting this book published because of the political atmosphere.  Orwell obviously used  one main character to represent Stalin of the Soviet Union and during World War II it was a hard time to publish anything against an allied country.I highly recommend buying and reading this book and suggest you think about each animal character and who they represent in real life,  and you will learn a lot about the Russian Revolution.  This book is an eye-opener on the pitfalls of totalitarianism...All this is apparent from a little book about animals!  Buy it and read it!"
Great book! Absolutely loved it!
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is a book about the animals on Mr. Jones' farm.  These animals are tired of the way that Mr. Jones treats them.  One night, a pig, Major, has a dream.  In this dream, he sees this particular farm living peacefully, because there are no humans on the farm.  So the next day, Major reveals his dream to the other animals and they decide to revolt against Mr. Jones'.  However, three days after the dream, Major dies of natural causes.  He had three other pigs, Napoleon, Squealer, and Snowball, carry out his plot.  The animals are successful in getting rid of the humans, but that is not the end of their problems.  Now, they have to make their own harvest, create a set of rules for animals to follow, control those animals who depend on humans, and create a name for the farm.  During all of these tasks, many other major events take place.  For example, Napoleon wants to be the leader of the farm, but Snowball wants to be a leader to.  So the animals decide to have an election take place.  To find out what happens later on in the book, you're going to have ot read it.Animal Farm is a great book.  It has a very strong plot, and a very interesting theme.  I think this a great George Orwell story, and I recommend it to young adults, like myself.P.S.:  If you decide to read this book, get the printed version, because if you get the audio book, you will become annoyed by the man speaking."
"Could there be a more relevant book written 60 plus years ago that absolutely lines up with today's situation, uh no..... No matter what you say.  You want insight on what is happening in our present times? Well, read this, it is clearly laid out for you my friend. If you need more of a review, then read the long drawn out full descriptions, or just hear what George has to say about it."
This book was really fun to read.  I noticed I spent most of my reading trying to recognize who each animal represented.  Very fun.  Made me really angry at parts though!!
"Reading this book was way more enjoyable than when I had to read it for the first time over a decade ago in school. I look forward to reading more of Orwell, especially since I'm a big Hitchens fan, and he esteems him so much."
A great edition of a classic.
"Great to revisit an old classic with a very clever satirical look at the ""new"" political order. Very short but it is fascinating to see how the concept of communism suffered the decay that individualism brought to it."
Reading this along with the audio made this book sound all the more better. Reading it as an adult know it makes so much more sense why this book is so important for everyone to read. Great book. Great read. Great narration.
"a twisted look at communism through animals....very simple, but the metaphors are odd...very disturbing and frightening, but wonderful to read...I recommend ""1984"" by George Orwell if you enjoyed this  book!"
"This book is the most well written book of its time. In every chapter of the book, there is always something surprising , yet this book may be of adult literature i recommend it for high school students all over the  world."
"Animal Farm is a book that achieves many things, but mostly it is accurate. Author George Orwell has clearly done much reasearch on how the Bolshevik revolution unfolded, and what life in the communist Soviet Union was like. He follows the revolution step for step, up until the late 1940's when the book was written. The careful description of the carachters and the part they play in the story and in history is fantasctic. The carachters such as Comrade Napoleon (representing Stalin) or Snowball (Trotsky) or even Old Major (Lenin) or the dogs (KGB) all act exactly how they are supposed to. This accuracy on Orwell's part makes the book extremely humorous.  But, even though Animal Farm is witty, it can take itself seriously. Along with this humorous look at the situaition, there is also a tone of the grim reality of what did happen in the Soviet Union, (i.e. the execution of people opposed the Stalin). The struggle conveyed by the animals is probably accurate as well.  With all it's humor, and it's historucal accuracy, as well as George Orwell's writing style and good vocabulary, make Animal Farm a great read. In short, this is one of the greatest, if not the greatest political allegory of modern times. Remember, Comrade Napoleon is Always Right!"
Gave me an understanding of how our world works. Great writing by George Orwell in his time and age. Fantastic work . Also gave me a great understanding of how china works and how most communist governments function .
"""All animals are equal, but some are more equal then others"". George Orwell's novel is surely one of the best books by the author. The author makes you enter into the story, with its marvellous descriptions."
"I came away now with fuller appreciation of Sir Orwell's plot, my second take at Animal Farm.It is true isn't it that the ""pigs"" are the ruling class in any and all dysfunctional governments ..."
"George Orwell, otherwise known as Eric Blair of England, and the author of Animal Farm, depicts the behavior of human nature in a society of farm animals.  This is full of irony and symbolism.  The humans were  appropriately shown as gods to the animals and the pigs were the leaders of  the revolting society.  As in any society, there are those in favor of the  ruling power, those who just follow along with much support, and those who  are traitors.  Also, there is a parallel to the Russian Revolution.  Those,  like me, who know little to nothing about this event, may learn the basic  mechanics of this event as if from a textbook.  One may use it to study  certain aspects of greed, conflict, and freedom that are common in any era.  In this novel each animal has a job, but proves that someone has to be a  leader.  In this the pigs do rule over all, and teach the rest of the  animals.  They learn how to spell, talk, and even memorize commandments.  Some of the animals are too slow, but others learned rather quickly.  It is  a political satire and I feel Mr.Orwell did well in writing this  outlook-on-life changing novel."
"A fun re-read.  Many years have passed since my first reading.  I enjoyed it as much if not more.  A required addition to anyone's library.  Great prices available for quality, used paperback books."
...today. George Orwell was genius! It's like he could see/predict the future. Love this book a lot. I suggest this book for a great short read.
"While I did not find it very entertaining, I did find it very informational. Through symbolism, animal farm is able to convey the true meaning and consequences of communism. (very opinionated BTW)"
"Animal Farm is an enchanting story about greed, life, and politics. It seems that when one person  leaves, someone else has to take over.  It is a story about intelligence, stupidity, and heroism."
"This is a wonderful book. I am learning about the capitailist and the Marks, Trosky and Stalim. This book help me understand more about the History I am learning right now. I love this book!!!!!!"
I thought that Animal Farm by Orwell displayed perfectley exactly what he was trying to have this book come across as. It has probally influence many great minds across the past few decades. END
This book was for my girlfriend who doesn't even like reading and she loves it. She says she can clearly draw the connection the author is going for. Also was shipped appropriately and on time.
"Animal Farm gives a good look into the ways of society. It's historical references and jokes about society are great, and it's an all around interesting and fun book with depth under the pages."
"George Orwell writes about a society that parallels the Soviet Union in his satirical novel, Animal Farm, where the animals revolt against their cruel master and form a new society based on the same principles as communism.  After the animals' revolt and the formation of Animal Farm, the animals' name for their society, things start to look up.  But as with the real Soviet Union, the leadership begins to become corrupt, conditions deteriorate, and freedoms slowly slip away.  By the time anyone outside the leadership realizes what is happening, it may be too late.  This interesting and easy to read book provides fascinating political commentary on Orwell's time-period and the failures of communism (specifically the USSR).  The reader's ability to see where things are going and the ability to spot the parallels of the characters from the novel in history only enhances the book and George Orwell gets his point across without mentioning the Soviet Union, its leaders, or communism even once.  His warnings on the dangers of any form of totalitarianism show through in his writing, and this book almost reads like 1984 (another Orwell classic) in parts.  Those who read this looking for a happy fairy tale where a bunch of talking animals live in an utopia of their making will probably not be satisfied, nor will the story be rewarding if the reader ignores the historical context of the novel.  But if you're looking for an interesting novel and don't mind the constant reminder that this was meant as a political commentary, you will probably enjoy this book."
"This book was a real eye-opener for me when I read it in 6th grade. I'd never really thought about how the government works or how people organize themselves.  It's an easy and entertaining enough read for a 12-year-old, making it an amazing vehicle for its message."
"I had to read this book for summer reading for school.  It was definately an interesting view of dictatorship, and it was a different approach to writing an allegory of the Russian Revolution.  It also was funny at times.  Orwell did a good job writing this novel."
This book is often required reading for school (I read it in the 8th grade). The story itself is decent but I like it better as the perfect example of an allegory as opposed to actual reading material.
This book is a MUST for every political science major to every psychology major in our universities. I have read this book once a year for the last 12 years and it still astounds me at the depth of the writing. This book is wonderful on so many different plains.
Good deal and shipping was timely!
"Very 'wordy', w/many details unnessisary-  Have read OTHER versions of this famous Russian authored 'animal adventure/dictatorship' (only way to release this out to the world, w/o getting assassinated). that are more clarified/able to understand to 'outsiders'."
Never read the book in high school when it was assigned but perhaps reading it now for fun has made the experience more enjoyable.  Kind of awkward to read with the pictures unless there is a child within earshot but doesn't degrade the quality of the writing.
"This book has a likeness to 'Lord of the Flies' and 'The Chocolate war' in the waythat they all represent humanity and in different ways, the Russian Evolution. In all these books there is a German ""Hitler"" and in all these books a helpless follower."
"Clearly this is a master piece! Although my copy was corrupted in the way that I had the same pages comming up on places they shouldn't've been, but there is no doubt that this is a book for everyone, because it is a subject on life and lessons well learned!"
"Have you ever imagined what life would have been like if animals talked and ruled us instead? Well that's just the world that George Orwell creates in Animal Farm. Old Major, an old pig who is about to die, tells the rest of the animals to fight and revolt against the Jones, the owners of the farm, for their forever wanted freedom of life. After they revolt, Napoleon, a pig, becomes the leader of the newly born farm. Napoleon makes all the decisions for the animals like a president or king. Conflicts arise when the animals revolt against each other, and everything starts to go wrong. George Orwell does a great job in Animal Farm to keep his readers reading. This book has many events going on upon the farm in every chapter, not every seldom chapter. This book changes my opinions on animals and how they look at things. Before I would look at them at think of a normal animal, now I look and see actual feelings like humans.  I recommend this book to readers who like fiction, and to people who enjoy animals.ColinDes Plaines, Illinois"
"This allegory of the horrific potential of totalitarian governance has stood the test of time.  My son is reading it now, and I'm greatly looking forward to discussing the symbolism with him."
"An amazing book I have read so far.It is a satire not only on  the particular system or thought ,but all those systems that degenerate & tend to corrupt & exploit on one or the other pretext."
Amazing book with a plot that'll keep you interested while simultaneously teaching the history of the Russian revolution and the reign of terror that was the rule of Joseph Stalin (Napoleon)
"Reading this novel later in my life, outside of high school, I can understand the reasons why schools choose this book to cover.  It was entertaining to read, but the time gaps were too much"
"America in 2000-2004 is living out Animal Farm at this very moment. It's all here in this classic from 1945: terrorism, a 9/11, a rebuilding of a WTC-like symbol, a war on terror, an elusive Osama/Saddam evildoer to be hunted down, a Code-Orange-like level of threat alert, an Axis-of-Evil, use of fear and deception to keep the population confused and distracted, rhetoric about freedom and patriotism that somehow never ceases to do the trick, lies and misrepresentations, government by the wealthy elite for the wealthy elite, political spin-meisters, trained political attack dogs, a hard-working but uninformed and easily-misled population, a tax-paying class that does all the work while a political-corporate elite reaps all the rewards, the wholesale selling-out of the hardest-working for the profit of the few, the re-writing of rules and regulations for the blatant benefit of the few, the unfulfilled promise of trade for the benefit of all, the unfulfilled promise of trickle-down economics, the promise of retirement robbed, the trusting, idealistic population that somehow never catches on and never tires of giving their ""heroic"" leader the benefit of the doubt again and again.To view Animal Farm as only being about socialism, communism, and Stalinism in Russia, and thus not applicable to America and capitalism and democracy, would be to miss its message about plutocratic leaders, in any system, blatantly exploiting a trusting, optimistic population's faith in their cherished system and ideals.The same author also has another uncanny book on today's America called Nineteen Eighty-Four. It may well have been the source of inspiration for the naming of such Bush administration programs as ""Homeland Security Department"", ""Clear Skies Initiative"", and ""Healthy Forest Initiative"".Highly recommended, a definite must-read for all Americans."
"The book was good and an eye opening look at communism and its pros and cons. The most memorable and famous line being, ""all animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others."""
"What interest's you in a book? Do crooks, twists and turns around every action intrigue you? Do you want the plot to be teeth grinding, lead you on through a tale of heroes and villains, Traumas and tragedies? Well....If so I've got just the book for you It's called Animal Farm by George Orwell.Old Major had a dream, a dream to lead all animals to power. Then in steps Napoleon and Snowball, watch them take a grasp for power and let the dream slip through their slimy trotters.This novel a political allegory of the momentous events of the Russian Revolution was published in 1945.This mind-boggling novel of adventures is targeted at the years 11 and above, but on the other hand Adults that have views on the Russian Revolution mat be intrigued.The dream of power starts all so well, everyone trying equally hard, things running like clockwork then everything takes a horrible turn over Power Hungry animals.My views on the book are that it is cleverly worded in a sophisticated language that people will take pleasure out of reading."
"I feel the plot at the beginning had great potential to be a better developed story that what it actually came to be. Although it's potential was not fulfilled, it was still a good book."
I chose a 4 star only because it wasn't my favorite book that I have read. This was still a good read that connects well with many uprisings in history. It was a entertaining story
Animal Farm thoroughly impressed me with how Orwell so easily described how  humans' actions can be mocked by animals.  You don't realize that you are reading a book about politics and communism that makes fun of how humans behave until you finish. It takes a writter of great skill and experience to create such a profound and philisophical novel. It is a well written masterpiece to say the least.
"Fascinating dystopian novel by George Orwell.  A must read by an excellent author, this short book is about the cold war and the animals taking on the roles of well, what may seem to be recognizable characters.  An insightful take on people and war. I am so glad I finally read this book.  I enjoy banned books and this book has been banned due its polital theories.ISBN:  978-1503138612"
"This book was not about a bunch of talking animals kicking their owners out and taking over the farm. Some people read the book and think, ""Why do so many people read it and like it, when it's a kids  story?"" WRONG! Michael Eber, who wrote a review for this book put it  perfectly. I'm young, but when I read this book, it put the whole subject  into perspective. Wonderfully written!"
"Hey, it's one of the greatest books of the 20th century.  I'm embarrassed to be asked to review it.  I read it to my daughter who is twelve and at the end I asked her what it was about.  She shrugged and said it was about some pigs.  I feel like my father did 25 years ago when he expressed exasperation at my generation.  Although it is a satire on communism,  I still find it relevant today."
"Read this book with the knowledge of the communist revolution in Russia, this greatly inhanses the political roots of the book and lets you better understand the true meaning of the book, when you read it you inmerse  yourself in the worl of animal farm but can only watch as the animals are  fooled, read this book for one of the greatest endings in a book that will  change your life forever"
I loved this book!!!!!!!! It is on a level higher than the normal reader can thoroughly comprehend. I do believe it is a wonderful  book for secondary education and I would encourage all political  enthusiast's to read and re-read this wonderful book. I believe that it  should be a book that should be  encouraged to be read. So I reccommend  reading this excellent literary masterpiece!!!!!
"In reading Animal Farm and reviewing the history of the Russian Revolution of 1917 for my class, the book gave me a powerful understanding on the beliefs and lies that were raised during the book.  Orwell gave each charater an unforgetable role whether it was Boxer, Nepolean or Snowball. Animal Fram gave me a better understanding on what went on and the ability to match names with events."
"George Orwell's Animal Farm is a masterpiece. This parody of the world during the Cold War is very provocative. Orwell is a master of the written word and he subtlely points out the problems with society all through out  this novel. This book might seem like a child's story, with talking animals  and what have you, but it symbolizes something much greater. This book is  truly a classic."
"First of all, I would like to congratulate Orwell for cleverly moulding a sophisticated history (of the Soviet Union) into a darkly ironic allegory. This story of Communist animals ironically depicts how Marx's dream of a classless society results in a struggle for supremacy-resulting with a contravertial dictatorship. Thus, unstable and unfair the regime collapses. A fascinating read!"
"I read this book after reading 1984, and they are very different. I stayed up till 2am reading it as I wanted the ending, even though I knew the ending. I figured from the start it is a metaphore for Commumist Russia,  and it helped me with my history work, even though I expected this to be a  fun read. I would recommend anyone this book if they are confused about  politics in general."
I thoroughly enjoyed the story!  I especially appreciated the post essay.  Everyone should be required to read this book and pass a comprehension test before being allowed to vote!
"some animals are more equal than others. The animals at Manor Farm decide to take matters in their own hands. The revolution  begins with the inspiring speech by old  Major. Old Major dies soon thereafter and the rebellion is led by  the boars snowball and napoleon.The animals take over the farm. They are supervised by the pigs. the seven commandments are laid down.The revolution starts to stutter when Snowball is driven out forcibly by napoleon and his guard dogs.The pigs and dogs take over the farm and each commandment undergoes a change to suit their excesses. The animals are forced into slave labour. Boxer the most commited and the hardest worker in the farm is worked to death. The pigs start dealing with the humans and finally ape them. The revolution which began with ""Four legs good , two legs bad"" ends with ""Four legs good, two legs better"" with the pigs walking on two legs. Only the cynicism of Benjamin the donkey remains remains constant. Animal Farm is a work of Genius. period."
"We had to write a report on a book, and the teacher passed out the list.  When I went to the library they were all out of ""The Red Pony,""  so I had to read this one, which had the second smallest number of pages.  This one seems to got pictures, but the one I got sure didn't.  I read  Shaq's book and it was a lot bigger than this but this book took a lot  longer to read, for sure.  My teacher said I did an OK report, but she  thought I missed the point about the socialism society and all.  But to me  it was just about some pigs.  Like those Narnia books by CS Lewis, except  CS Lewis had that cool monkey in the last book.  I skipped to the end,  cause I got bored, (it's ok to say that now, cause I already got the B  minus,) and plus I had to go to practice.  But I liked the donkey and I  was sort of cheesed when the horse bought it.  Anyhow, the long and short  of it is if you get the choice of this book or the red pony, maybe you  should pick the red pony because this one is too damn hard."
I could not put this book down and it sent chills down my spine.  The story of a revolution gone wrong will have you looking at politics and government in a totally different way.
"I read this in high school. I graduated in 1963.Orwell is an obvious dark visionary. Along with his book, 1984, he just may have nailed it.Now that's unfortunate, isn't it?"
I just finished reading Animal Farm.  the thing that amazed me the most was the fact that Orwell gave his thoughts and views in a little over a hundred pages.Beautifully written.
"Of course it is an amazing book, but also a necessity for many school assignment.  Thankfully, Amazon Prime can delivery it in time at a decent price to accommodate my students."
Animal Farm is one of my ten best books. I liked how the animals acted when certain things were going on. I could have read the book many times without it getting at all boring.
Animal farm is a great book. I first read it when I was about eight but I still enjoy it now so if you haven't read it go and buy a copy NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Great book- of course, however, this version has EXTREMELY small fonts. I bought it for a 7th grade classroom, so I am hoping all of my students have great near sighted vision."
ok  so im a teenager. not to mention a girl..but this book totaly rox(a.k.a. rocks) i would recomend it to anyone who doesnt like many types of books cause this is the only non sci_fi/horror book i've ever read and  woa read it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Animal Farm is a great book. It shows fairly complex political ideas in a great way. I honestly think I benefited from having this be an assigned book for school as it made me think more about it, and had me think about my opinions about it."
"I read this book for an English class . At first I wasn't impressed and I didn't see the conection to communism. As read farther, I realized what it was all about. I strongly recommend this book to any one who needs a change  of perspective."
"I think Animal Farm was interesting in that fact that it was based on Russia's history. At points in the story, it was clear that the story was based on the history of Russia. I really liked this book, and I recommend  that everyone read it."
I had read a copy of  Animal Farm as a teen.  Now I realize how little I really understood the book.  It must be read with Orwell 's introduction to understand all the background.  This will make an enjoyable lunchtime discussion this week.
"I know it is a very famous book but I don't know why, I have read it and I understand the communist connection but I don't understand why a book about animals, written in the voice of animals and quite boring should be so well thought of."
"A concise, palatable explication of how communism ""evolves"" (?) into totalitarianism.  It entertains as it instructs and manages to evoke a sense of genuine anger against the oppressors that a drier treatment would not achieve."
"This book is my all time favorite book. There is nothing like it and there never will be. Geore Orwell knew what the future held and at a time where people kept to themselves and trully feared the goverment, George said all  he could."
"Although short, Owell provides a good description of the Russian Revolution. Using the pigs as a metaphor, Orwell uses the pigs as a metaphor to describe the totalitarian power the Russians had. A great book,  and a classic by Orwell."
"Ever since its first publication in 1944, George Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" has been recognized as a brilliant satire by millions world-wide. In the beginning of this wonderful novella, an old pig, Major, incites the animals to insurrection against the oppression of their human master Jones. Major dies a few days later and a week or two after that the animals revolt and declare their freedom from the human race. However, it doesn't take long for another oppressor-- a pig named Napoleon-- to arise and lord it over the rest of the animals. Eventually, Napoleon makes treaties with neighboring farms and turns into something very much like the animals' old master, Jones. This is an imagery of what Hitler, Stalin, Napoleon, and countless others have done throughout history, and serves as a valuable lesson for humanity. This book ends on a note of despair: another government has failed in its attempt to create a perfect society. Our nation would do well to heed the lesson of this story if it wants to prosper in the years to come. Any government that substitutes its own laws for the law of God and depends upon itself for sustenance will become crushed beneath the weight of its own false independence. It is only by following God's laws that a nation can be blessed to prosper in its ambitions. Ultimately, without Christ, there is no freedom."
"The book is interesting, especially if you have good background knowledge about the Soviet Union. The book was so interesting until old Major (Marx) died, and unfortunatly he died at the begining of chapter 2. The rest of  the chapters were talking about how  the smart animals learned from his  ideas,and followed him, although they fought with each other and each  animal wanted to control the farm by himself.  I think old Major is the  hero of the story,because  he was the one who cared about the animals  rights, and then all the other animals followed him."
My son loved it as I did long time ago. The story still fascinated the kids.
Animal Farm was a very interesting book. It was about a bunch of animals managing a farm on their own with any outside help. They got tired of their lazy drunken farmer and had a rebellion and kicked him off the farm. It was a very good book and I liked it because it was almost like real. I could just picture farm animals living and working on their own. It was just like they were real people. George Orwell did a great job giving the animals character and personality. It almost seemed that they were alive. If you like fantasy I suggest you read this book.
"Reread ""Animal Farm"" some 30 years after last time.It is a book who have stood the test of time, and which in today's world is sadly as much on point as it was then. Orwell had his issues with how the Russian Revolution had derailed, and how Stalin had made himself Czar of Russia, rather than first among equals, now we can look at the Arab Spring and see history repeating.A fast read, very evocative, sad and with an end which is not how the end stories in Hollywood.Highly recommended for first-time and repeat readers."
"Animal is probably the greatest book I've ever read.  The characters in the book are as cruel and evil as the people in our government.  Many of the characters remind me of certain government figures in the U.S.  This  book gives a perfect example of what our government is like.  If you  understand this book, you will understand how our government was somewhat  started.  George Orwell get's eight thumbs up for creating a story for us  that is so real in different ways.  If you've never read Animal Farm by  George Orwell, I very strongly suggest you do."
Very provocative and frightening of things that may come!A must read!
"Animal Farm is a terrific book. I have read it in lessons and I think it is very readable. After I had begun reading, it drew me into excommunication. Orwell's examinations of the essence and the development of communism could not be presented more appropriately. He describes historical persons as animals and intends to copy events of the Russian Revolution in 1905/06.There are also serious political thoughts linked in a great story which is nevertheless entertaining to read, in my opinion.After all I think that it is worth to read this book."
"I had to read this book for school, and thought that it was very good.  Although the animals might seem a little silly, when the book is taken in the context of an allegory to communism, it makes more sense.  In my  English class we had to actually study Russian history and then relate it  to the text (i.e. Snowball represents Trotsky).  It was very helpfull.  Perhaps the animals seem exceedingly stupid because Orwell was trying to  satirise communism and so felt it necessary to exagerate.  I think most of  the kids in my class liked this book."
This book was for my exchange student and became a real eye opener for her
"Animal Farm grabbed me and pulled me into the story right away.  Already at the beginning you decided which animals you liked and which you had something against.  When laws began mysteriously changing, and things started to become unfair, that's when you knew something was wrong.  I would definitely recommend anyone too read it, because anyone who reads it will see the story differently from other people, so everyone can enjoy it.  Its very well written, and I will definately read it again when I get older, especially since I live on a farm."
This book was definitely not my favorite. I did enjoy some parts but did not think the ending was very good. I suggest reading it if you like books about animals.
In many schools this is a required read and for good reason. It's truly a life changing book that everyone must read at some point in their life. A true classic.
"If you want to sit around and drink strong coffee and talk about different forms of government with your compatriots, then you simply have got to read this book."
"J Dudinsky wrote:""The definition of communism is the government, usually totalitarian that controls the economy""The definition of a communist society is not that government controls society. The definition(as if a political theory can be defined in a sentence) is a form of society without a state, government, classes, the market and money.What some people seem to not understand about this book is that it is not a slam on communism. It is a slam on authoritarianism. It is a slam on the USSR and Lenin, Stalin and Trotsky. George Orwell was a socialist himself... Go read his book ""Homage to Catalonia"" or his essay ""Why I write"".Animal Farm is a great book. Even if you have no clue about what communism is(most of the people who wrote reviews don't) you can still enjoy the book. At times it is hilarious and at others horribly sad."
not only does this book portray the growing power of politicians and national leaders but it also a symbol of the darkness of the greed that is part of mankind.
"The book size was small, therefore that was really awesome. The only real problem i had, was the fact that on some pages the printing was crooked on the pages."
Describes what humans do to animals and what humans do to lesser humans. Very good read. Recommend to all especially those who aren't yet living cruelty free.
A classic story with real life implications. Got my Kindle and this was the first story on my list that I haven't lived since high school. Absolute must read.
"It goes throgh all the stages that communism does, only it's on a farm.  Different groups ofpeople are represented by the different animals.  It is very good."
a phenomenal classic
"This is one of the greatest books every written.  Everyone should read this book.  It is a quick read, most people should finish it in a couple of hours."
As relevant today as ever. A classic to say the least. A pretty true picture of our government as it is today in some respects. Do as I say not as I do.
I thought this book was amazing!  How animals can control there own lives and government.  I would recommend this book to anyone that likes fairy tales.
"What a great satire on the communist state and a foreshadowing of that great line in the Who song, ""Meet the new boss, same as the old boss..."""
"I was forced to read this book in my 8th grade English class and I hated it.  At that young age I just could not grasp the brillance of this book.A few years later since I already had the book (an it was such a short book)I decided to read it again.  This time I can say that I was captivated.George Orwell was quite a pessimist, but he had a really great way of getting his point across in his stories.This book is such an insightful look at man's true nature.  Watching the farm slowly change throughout the book from a complete hell for the animals to an animal utopia and then back to what it used to be by their own hands (or hooves) gives no hope to what the future of our world can be.The last few lines of Animal Farm made such an impact on me.  They really say all that needs to be said in so few words."
Such a good book!!!
An ingenious adaptation of Blair's perspective to his gift for storytelling.  A timeless classic that can be read and enjoyed on any number of levels.
I never read this book until I was older.  The idea and themes are brilliant and applicable to the Middle East regime changes taking place there days.
It was weird and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone I just had to read it for school. But I guess it was worth it except it was all kind of predictable
I purchased this for my 8 year old daughter to read and she enjoyed it. Gave us a lot to talk about regarding people and their actions / motivations.
As original a debate on the perils and pitfalls of communism as you'd find anywhere. A treatise that still contains a very entertaining story. Well done and well worth reading.
Animal Farm is a OK book. I like snowball most because he was good to his animals. He is powerless to help any animal on the farm. Snowball had a good mind but he had no heart.
"I'm going to be a little different and give Animal Farms fours stars  instead of five. I liked the book well enough, that's for sure. It is a  very powerful little book (mine is 128 paperback pages) with political  ramifications throughout. It would help if you understood history and  political science, especially from the days when Orwell wrote this (1946).  I give it four stars because, when I first finished the book in an English  class, I was not fulfilled. Was it for politics sake? Was it to get by  senior English? (Since then, I've taught the book to high school sophomores  who, by the way, would probably also not give it five stars if they were  polled). I don't know. It's certainly worth a read, though, and it might  not be a bad idea to have the Cliff Notes near-by. It will illumine any  number of symbolic meanings as you read the adventures of Napolean,  Snowball, and Farmer Jones. Finally, check out the 1960s cartoon Animal  Farm. It's a student favorite! Baaaaaaah."
"Animal Farm was written as an attack against Soviet-style communism.  Once the reader understands that many of the animals are equally as intelligent as most humans, the story opens up to many laughs.This is a must-read, however, take note that it is not at all a desparate cry out for capitalism.  Rather, it is a story about controlling the means of production.  Throughout, the reader is reminded that the animals were never better off then when the means of production were socially owned and distribution of duty and goods was decided upon ""democratically.""I do not believe that Orwell understood why a socialist state must inevitably fall to dictatorship - had he made that clear, then the story would earn four stars.  However, it is quite clear that Orwell is a socialist, scapegoating power-hungry individuals for the failure of Marxism.  That is why this book is revered in both leftist and rightest circles.  Don't let Orwell pull a fast one on you here..."
Classic -- nice book about management theory and more specifically how dictatorships develop.  No wonder after all these years this book is able to be popular.  Well written.
Well written. This book is ageless in that it will appeal to young children (characters are farm animals) and adults (obviously). Great way to teach Russian (Soviet) history.
What an incredible work of art. When reading this book you just have too stop and think about how much this is true to life to a sense. Just replace the animals with humans.
"Great fairy tale but just think on the true behind the story. WOW, how that the animals became just like man.  Trecherous, devious,manipulative, dominering, and deadly"
Animal farm is cool Dog. I like it fo show.My favorate character is Jessie because she off the hook but if she was really off the hook she'd eat them Pigs up son like what!.
"Great read, a classic."
A classic allegory. One of the few writers who can get away with writing social commentary as fiction that does not sound like a lecture or a sermon.
"I had to read this book in high school. I recently picked up and read it again. I have an appreciated for this now more than ever. I am working on this farm as we speak. However, I am fortune enough to realize it and will be making my departure very soon. It is unfortune but very common that the oppress often become the oppressors... as with the management on my current platform. However, I have learned a great deal. I have also created an understanding that education is the key. Ignorance and fear of the unknown blocks individual true potential. Often it is when it is to late."
"Animal farm describes the communist system very successfully in a mix of humour and background knowledge. But still or actually because of that Orwell's novel is a book for someone, predominantly for someone who doesn't know anything about communism. Because its aspects can be easily recognized and easily understood. In my opinion, though, it is a pity that the novel offers so little suspense. From a special point on the reader can recognize how the storyline will develop. It can be seen by the story of the pigs, because it is obvious that they transform step by step to human beings. This is a fact that takes much suspense off the novel. In addition the novel is written in an easy style, hence everybody is able to understand its intention. All in all in my opinion Animal Farm is no big challenge, but mostly boring."
Perhaps the greatest allegory of the 20th Century. Not a wasted word. A damning critique of communism told with the simplicity of a children's book.
One of my favorite books. First read it almost 40 years ago and still love it. The most telling exposition on human nature and society ever written.
"I should have read this before spending all those years listening to Pink Floyd's ""Animals.""  Would have made for a much richer experience."
"This book is an endless classic, can be applied today in regimes like Venezuela and Ecuador.Societies change and new dictators appear."
"Really makes one think about the world and your place in it, how corrupted people can become, as well as other traits noticeable in leaders today."
"This is one of the best books ever written, if not the best. I loved it (13 years old) and I encurage anyone to read it. This work is magnificent."
I definitely enjoyed it! Very interesting way to learn about the Russian revolution! It kept me interested and just an excellent book as a whole!
"I know it's a classic, but I am not a fan of the politics in this book. Yes, that was the point of the book, but still.This should be read."
5 stars because it kept me readingVery interesting story line but I expected a happier ending. It opened my eyes to some truths about life.
"Most people already know about the plot, but this is still on of the greatest books I ever read. Sometimes sad, sometimes funny, always awesome."
"Animal Farm shows the socialism from a different point of view. Despite your position about capitalism and socialism, you should read this book."
Great book and if you haven't read it you should buy it here. At the end there's a section with commentary from George Orwell. It's a must buy.
"This was my first time reading a George Orwell book, and I'm glad I read this one to start with. I like his writing, it was easy to understand."
"A reflection of Communism that holds true today in any large powerful group (ie business, government) where absolute power corrupts absolutely."
George Orwellian classic. A short but thoroughly enjoyable read reflecting much of the political attitudes during the time period. A must read.
Great examination of humanity's desire for power can overwhelm the noblest of causes.  Orwell definitely knew how to make his point poignantly.
REALLY GOOD STORY!
Amazing that it was written so long ago but reflects any business or politics of today. The power struggles and subtle changes to rules continue to this day.
I have wanted to read this book since my high school failed to study it (way way back then). Great allegory of the human experience with governing ourselves.
"I ordered a classic novel and got a cheaply made pamphlet. Regardless of your political affiliation, no one should sneak this sort of thing on you, with the full intention of spreading propaganda. How many kids end up with this? Is brainwashing part of your agenda? So much for freedom to choose. It's going back."
"came quickly and was in perfect condition, it was for my daughters English class, it is the version we needed."
"Only need to look as far as the current state of America and its post constitutional, lawless, Obama administration, the similarities are frightening......"
"I read this book decades ago in high school, reading it again now I have a much greater appreciation for the message. It's still brilliant and entertaining"
A classic really. And all the more interesting as we're now living in the era of China ascendance. There are similarities with how Stalin built the USSR...
"Read book as kid because it was an English class assignment, but really did not read it. Re-read it now some 40 + years and enjoyed it content and meaning."
i thought this book was tight.it was very well written and it kept my interest throughout the whole book.For those who havent read it they need to read it.
"I consider this book to be one of the most interesting books i have had to read for skool in a long time. This book consist of many ordinary things that we all can relate to. In the book ANIMAL FARM, tha animals get tired of serving humans so they decide to run MR. jones off the farm. Once they do the pigs take over and start making sure they treat themselves better then the rest of the animals. That was a case of betrayl because the pigs promised to treat everyone fairly and everyone depended and believed in them  but tha pigs just used all the animals to serve them better.The animals over threw Mr. Jones just to serve the pigs, so if they arent serving one they are serving the other. This book gives people an input of how some animals may feel, and how they are treated and what they might be thinking. I recommend this book for all ages.......PHS......"
Excellent classic!
It was for my Grandson. I read it years ago. If you need to know about socialism/communism read this and have your grandkids and kids read it.
This book is so sinister and shows the true danger of power corrupting in little steps until one day your saviour becomes your worst nightmare
There is a farm called Manor farm. On that farm there is a guy called Mr.Jones. One night he for got to feed the aniamls.The animals kicked down the fence and drove the humans out. The animals are now working as humans. The animals on the Manor farm did not like each other. They always had a commander on the farm as a leader to lead them. The pig were first to lead them. Then Napoleon anther pig would be able to take to the humans.I would tell you that Animal farm is a great book if you like to read about farm animals. Their job in the book is like it is on a farm. The horses work to pull equipment and the cows give the milk. The animals can be like humans.There wasn't much about the book I didn't like. It is not really like any other book I've read recently.
This is the third time i'm reading this and it's an amazing book. George Orwell paints a remarkable story that I would recommend to everyone.
I liked how different things changed throughout the story. I did not like the surprise ending.  I wish it could of been more happier as well.
Extremely well written. and completely captures the truth about how idealistically dictatorship takes root and how violently it branches out.
Purchased for daughters literature class.  I remember reading this in high school.  Well written. I guess some things never go out of style
"I will not say too much here, but if believe in revolution you should read this first and study history. New boss worse than the old boss."
"It's a great book written very entertainingly, with the true realities of revolt, revolutions, power hungry leaders. I really enjoyed it."
Read it with my stepson over the summer.  I somewhat enjoyed it.  He said he didn't like it because animals running a farm is stupid.
Great book. Required reading for critical thinkers. George Orwells vision of of a possible fascist state is chilling and informative.
Interesting read after first reading 1984. Makes me wonder if the US is not heading towards totalitarianism under our current leader.
"this is one of those books whose social comment is absolutely spot on.It was madatory reading years ago, it should be again now"
It was a very twisty book and I did not like how old major died right in the beginning and I want to know what happened to snowball?
Everyone should read this book as part of their education. Brakes down economics and politics where a 10 year old can understand it.
Excellent. Definitely the best book on the evolution of revolutions and class dynamics. This applies to many countries today. Thanks
"I somehow missed this one in high school and college. It's a quick, fun read. And an easy way to get another classic under my belt."
I got this book on time and found the packaging to be excellent and the book it self to be a great lesson for how you treat others.
"Quick and enjoyable, far more than I expected. I highly recommend this book to anybody who wants to expand their reading portfolio."
"This book was one that was hard to understand the main idea. Our English Teacher had us read it and do a book report on it and just about the whole class was having trouble understanding the point of veiw. Most teens say this is an excellent book due to the fact that it does have to do with politics and the fact that not all people are always treated equally, because of race and color."
"I have recently read the book ""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell.  This book is modeled after the Russian Revolution.  It shows in a more humorous way using animals on a farm what happened during this time period.  The story begins on Manor Farm which is run by  a human.  The animals on  the farm were fed up with having to listen to a human and do his work.  After a speech given by Old Major the oldest pig on the farm the animals  build up the courge to revolt.  The revolution is successful and they ran  the human out.  Once this occured the animals were free.  This was untill  the pigs took control.  The pigs whose leader was Napolean (Stalin) and his  friend Snowball (Trotsky) make up a set of rules to fallow. In the begining  these rules were the ideal rules for a perfect nation evryone was equal.  These rules were written on a wall for all animals to read and obey. This  is all well and good until the pigs start to stretch the rules and even  start to erase them from the wall.  There perfect society goes down hill  from thier. Read the book to find out what happens.  I recomend this book  to everyone.  It is a short read and it is really fun.  It teaches you many  things and keeps your attention. Once I picked it up i couldn't set it  down."
"Dull and simple, but necessary for conveying the idea that we too easily accept things. This man was ahead of his time. Reading his abstracts was enlightening. The same things continue today. I did not find it funny.  Disappointment at the continued foolishness with respect to violation if rights was my emotion throughout the book. I couldn't believe the animals were so simple. Alas"
"Animal Farm is one of the best books ever written.  It was described by George Orwell as a ""fairytale,"" is one of the thinnest books you'll ever read, and is filled with talking animals who want to work together to run a farm.  However, this book is actually something more; it is an allegory of the Bolshevik Revolution and the following years in the USSR under the rule of Stalin.  To understand this book and get the most out of it, you need to be understand the following things:1) The Bolshevik Revolution and how Stalin corrupted the communist dream.  The Bolsheviks seeked communism and Stalin perverted the dream into totalitarianism.2) This is not just a book full of talking animals who don't like humans because they don't get enough food.3) What communism is.  Communism is not what happened in the USSR.  It is not what is happening in China.  It is not what is happening in Cuba.  These countries more closely resemble fascist or totalitarianistic states than a communist government.  Under communism, ALL people are completely equal in all regards.  Because everyone is equal, there is no need for a military or police.  Also, everyone voluntarily works for the promotion of the country and society.  Thus, in the strictest sense of the word, there actually isn't a government at all because everyone voluntarily works together out of the kindness of their hearts to contribute to the good of their utopian society.That being said, I highly recommend this book to anyone willing to read it with an open mind.  (...)"
"I read it for my English class, thinking it would be another childish book like sharlet's web, but I could not be farther from the truth. The book is simbolic of a rather famus series of events in Russian history and is a little dark, but if you are not a shallow chiald who is looking for a hero or a love story in a book based on reality, It is a bitter yet sweet masterpiece."
"I always enjoy re-reading this book. Orwell's characterization of each animal is entertaining. Check out study guides so you can understand who represents who in history. This particular edition lacked page numbers, put lines too close together, and had no background information, which made it more difficult for a group discussion. I would buy a different version next time."
"A spectacularly written ironical view of the politics of the day. The characterizations were perfect.I understand it is now a prescribed text. Probably wasted on the young - who these days would wish to see a computer graphic image of the scenes.I am nearly 90, and feel like writing the ""Essential Guide"" - it's too good to be wasted on misinterpretation!"
"This masterpiece of Orwell is showing us the whole truth about politics and society. Forget the good ideas, the brilliant political theories. In democracy, monarchy or in a dictatorship. In capitalism or in communism(  indeed the best theory), the Napoleon-pigs will win and the sheeps will  follow. This isn't a nice children book, it's hard stuff, but you have to  read it!"
"Perhaps the single most effective anti-totalitarian work of the twentieth century. Although the allusions to the Soviet Union are obvious, one shouldn't simply take this as an attack on communism but a warning about  ideologues in general. I would recommend reading this alongside another  concise, plainly written classic work, Eric Hoffer's ""The True  Believer."""
"I would give Anmal Farm 5 points, for it's currency, it's making you think about how we can be manipulated, it's analysis of power and corruption, it's failing which reflects the time in which it is written is the way in which women are relegated to invisibility or to silliness.  Otherwise, read it, I have with my grandchildren and it has opened up so many conversations."
"I like the book, but the relation to the Russian Revolution is a bit confusing.  Overall, however, it's a pretty well written book."
"Two of George Orwell's most popular books are: ""1984"" and ""Animal Farm"".  Of the two, ""Animal Farm"" is the shortest but the best.The insights and perceptions from ""Animal Farm"" are just as applicable now- more so than before.  You only have to substitute the animals for people and certain animals (e.g. pigs, horses, mices, etc.) for certain professions (e.g. politician, etc.).History always repeats.  When you take away the history or even distort it slightly, you can rewrite it in such a way to leverage and control groups of people.Great book that would be a great informative yet entertaing read.JR FelisildaAuthor of the book, ""Nanay: Lessons From a Mother"""
"I believe that animal farm was a very intersting book. The whole message of the book was great, it was simple yet very complex . If you dont know all about Russian history it's ok because you dont have to understand all the history to enjoy reading the book. Animal farm is a short get to the point kind of book. The excitment gets you all at once. And when it does you'll uderstand more and more about what the message of the book is. Well at least i did. I like the fact that animal farm doesnt have a solid ending to it. The animals are stuck outside watching the pigs and people play cards. I really have no idea what you get out of that. But all and all the book was good. It kept my attention and i hate reading."
"Thi i on of the greatest books I have ever read! my English teacher really had good taste in books. This book is one of best pieces of literature Orwell has ever written.  Oh, and to the inbred idiots who gave this a bad review, this book is not actually about animals taking over a farm! The bbok is really about the history of Soviet Russia! The book is supposed show that Communism never works, because the leaders are always becoming corrupt! YOU DUMBASSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This should be on required list of reading for all high school students. but if you missed it in high school then read it. It shows how any good idea can change to something even worse than at the beginning. It is a story about communism but can see it in other things. Sum it ""All Animals are created equal, but some are more equal than others."" I had it sent to a friend who never read it . he could see what George Orwell's theme was. had just read 1984 for first time also."
"Have always wanted to read this book.  Now that I have I'm glad I did.  Excellent George Orwell, written with his usual insight."
hmm..to say this book made me think between the lines of a story or actual loo y applied to every day life is an understatement!
Excellent allegory of the Russian revolution. Did not like the ending though. Great read for schools and all people in general.
"This book demonstrates that absolute power corrupts absolutely, no matter in what country or during what era revolution occurs."
"Animal Farm is an interesting book.  You really can't predict the outcome of this story which made me be really attentive.  One  of the main charcters, Major, made an important speech  about how animals were mistreated and fed just enough to keep them alive.  He wanted animals to be free.  Once he passes away his ideas begin to happen, only not exactly the way he planned.  The animals work hard and a certain leader bends all the original ""rules."""
"A must read in these times...if you want a glimpse into the mi ss of our current administration, you need only read this book."
I wish all would give this a read while in high school. I somehow missed this classic and read it later in life. very moving.
I miss reading  this book some days. It is a really great story that still refers to the trickery of politics. Well written.
A book with old words for modern times. Funny how history repeats itself. What type of animal are you? Never forget history
Ehh it was ok just on the surface maybe more interesting to find symbolism in every object but I ain't got time for all dat
"A very good read and well worth purchase, consider doing likewise, it will be worth your time and nourishment for the soul."
An excellent example of what happens when a society chooses to pursue socialism and discovers the nightmare that it brings.
Good book. Did a combo of audio and reading and it worked great.  Would recommend to anyone as it was an easy amusing read
"Great book drama, mystery, and also some action and tied into the Russian revolution. Napoleon killed boxer he was awesome"
Very good read and the kindle version was great.  Would suggest your read.  Would suggest to anyone interested in reading
Excellent book.
This imaginative parody of the Soviet Union is a truly delightful story. I found myself laughing out loud several times.
I'd recommend this book to everyone. This book will tell you all about Politics.Best book I've read so far. ENJOY!
"- fast Read, enjoyable, interesting, also good for kids,,,, See Orwell's '1984' for a more serious view.  DoublePlusGood"
Its a beautiful thing to read a book and find it even more enjoyable than last time. A must have in anyone's collection
Thank you for checking on the copyright date for me. This was a gift and I wanted to make sure it was an early edition.
"Great book to read, very interesting. Orwell is a great author. If you are looking for a book to read, read this one."
Really good of Stalin when he was in power. Good metaphors and comparisons.quick read as well. Recommend it. Worth it
Short and not so sweet. Everyone should read this book. You don't have to pay to much attention to get the message.
Nice book but not so interesting. The plot kind of just dragged on for me.  Represents the Russian Revolution well.
"This is a classic that must be ready by anyone old enough to read.  And if you've already read it, then re-read it."
"What's crackulating? I thought Animal Farm was the best book I've read this year! I especially liked the fact that it was a metaphor for the human condition, and that while it specifically spoofed the Communist Revolution in Russia, elements of Squealer and Napoleon can be seen in our own George W. Bush. I also appreciated the characters of Boxer, Benjamin and Clover, but I thought the sheep were annoying with their continuous bleating. Lastly, I appreciated the overall message at the end of the book: that power corrupts all. In conclusion, I thought this to be a fine read for all.Peace Out,The Waterboy"
I really enjoyed the book 'Animal Farm' by George Orwell. One reason I liked it is because of how Orwell uses animals to show the Russian revolution. Another reason is because he predicts the fall of the Soviet Union and how it failed. A third reason is because I like Orwell as a writer.  The best part of the book is when Napolean the pig kicks snowball out of the farm and when they take over the Farm.  The characters were the best story element in this book. They were well developed and were amazingly like their real life counter parts. Overall Animal farm may be the best thing Orwell ever wrote.
Superb reading. This is what most of the civilizations of the world has fallen into. Animal farm has won my heart!
Surely a standard in fictional literature. A must-read for readers of all ages. Loved every page of it. Five stars
Excellent audio version of a good classic.  Exactly as advertised - well read and easy to understand.  A good buy.
"The book is very well describing the problem of a Communist society with all the bad things that happen there. The fact that the whole story is fable gives us the possibility of looking at the happenings in a different way. It is much easier to describe social misunderstandings if you take an exterior position. (humans are looking at animals). This style offers us an objective observation. We enjoyed reading this book because it makes clear the problems of communism in a funny way and it is a good alternative to history lessons. Generally you can say, this fable is something between a history book and a novel."
"If there was anything remotely resembling sanity in our eductaional system, this little gem would be required reading.  A recent novel by Jerry Furland, ""Transfer-the end of the beginning"" should also be in  the required reading syllabus.  Both give the reader a view of the dark  side of human nature and our appetite for control and for power.  Orwell is  much like David Horowitz in that he came to regret his own support for  totalitarian systems during the Spanish Civil War.  True to form, he was  largely excommunicated from his peers when he broke faith with his  socialist and communist colleagues."
"I thought this book was very interesting. I liked how all the animals came together to defeat Mr. Jones, but I didn't like it how the animals were able to talk to humans. I thought that was going a little overboard. But I thought it was cool the way the animals, though devistated, pulled through everything with hope and courage. I liked it how so many bad things, like how the windmill that they had worked so hard on was destroyed twice, happened to them, but they kept their heads high, and just kept rebuilding it.All in all, I thought it was okay, and would only recommend it to people that like fiction."
A true classic. Amazing at how with the use of farm animals one can relate this to human behavior. We'll written.
Awesome story!
Great classic!
Was a childhood favorite that I could no longer remember any details to. Read it recently and it was still good.
I read this story many years ago and now in age it is easy to read on the Kindle ... and cheap.God bless.
"I had to do an over the summer report on this book, i coulnt put it down.  i read it 3 times, its a great book!"
I bought min used because I lost mine from the school library. They were very impressed. Would purchase again.
This is great book. I read in middle school and loved it. Orson Wells doe gret job in thi satire about Russia.
The story hadn't changed since I last read it 50 years ago. Just the social message is now more relevant to me
"Terrible printed edition of this classic. This is printed in the inside cover... ""For sale in countries which have a copyright period of 63 years or less"". Tiny print on oversized pages. I can not say enough about how bad this edition is. Its like a pamphlet."
"I read Animal Farm years ago in school, and now again for a book club.  It was an enjoyable re-read, and richly rewarding. You notice more and more meaning in it every time. As you read, it serves as both a satire on specific historical events, and a commentary and universal, timeless human nature that shines through in every situation in which there exists a power and information differential."
Didn't read until my 30s but I understand  why it is a great book! This book is for sure wasted on the youth!
"A book written in child like simplicity, but having far more profound underpinnings than would first believe."
I first read it in high school in the 60's. It is an account of what seems to be happening in America today.
I am used to reading fine print but the text in this novel is so small you need a magnifying glass to read.
"If you haven't read this book, It's a great quick read. It applies to all sorts of governmental situations."
"A must-read, especially in light of today's political climate - easy reading, informative, and entertaining"
Obviously well-written and very well put. I never read it in high school and am glad I chose to do so now.
"Bought it for school report, its good. But, it is small and pages don't stay open. It does the job though."
Quick read with a very prominent lesson very interesting plot and sad at some parts I very much enjoyed it
"This is an allegory based on the early years of life and politics of the  Soviet Union. But it can be viewed as a general warning against polemical  and all-too-optimistic utopian visions. I grew up in the Soviet Union, and  I think Orwell was somehow able to capture the spirit of life there as  precisely as a writer can.Led by their liberators, the pigs, oppressed  and over-worked animals take matters into their own hands and expell their  human masters. What follows is funny, at times, and tragic in general. This  short and beautiful book is a must read."
"Animal Farm is a GREAT TOOL for getting [a religious group] to wake up from L Ron Hubbard's madness.... It does not mention [a religious group], however, the techniques used will resonate with any current staff or public [religious group]. This book would make a GREAT gift to that person you love whom you WISH was not in [a religious group]..... You might also suggest that they watch the movie ""The Truman Show""  and ""The Matrix"", but make sure that they read Orwell's Animal Farm....  The life you save might be a loved one.  Arnie Lerma..."
OLD BOOK.  READ AGAIN BECAUSE MY GRANDDAUGHTER HAD TO READ AS AN ASSIGNMENT.  GLAD I DID.  GREAT SATIRE.
"I revisited this book after more than a decade. Being older now, I only appreciate it more. A must read."
Great book I've been meaning to read for awhile. Glad I finally did. It's short but tells a great story.
The best book I have read so far. It make us realize how unfair society is and how we just stand by it.
"It was really slow to me in the beginning,but as it went on it was more interesting and worth reading."
"Nearly 70 years since written, Animal Farm depicts the historical fact that Socialism does not work!"
It was a good book. Good book good book good book good book good book good book good book good book.
Not as good as I thought it would be after all the years of hearing about it.  It ends too abruptly.
This book kept me interested to the end. Have been meaning to read it for years. Glad I finally did.
"Read this book with them.  If it is required reading at school, and you haven't read it, get a copy - it's cheap - and read it together.  It'll give you something to talk about, you know there's always a need for  conversation starters between parents and teens.  If you have little kids  (older than 6) watch the video with them, get them to read the book later  (there are some differences between the book and video).  A classic that  emphasizes Churchill's words - ""Power corrupts.  Absolute power  corrupts absolutely."""
I thought this book was great. In hte story the animals of the Mason Farm rebel against their owner Mr. Mason. The animals make a set of rules so they are to not become like humans. Soon the pigs of the farm begin rising in power and the rules begin changing to the pigs benifit. Then one day the other animals see a pig standing on his hind legs. After that the animals spy on a party the pigs are having with the humans. They then realize that the pigs are taking over the farm and that they are turnig just like humans themselves.
One of the few non-fiction novels I've read several times throughout my life. A really great story.
Purchased for my grandson's English class.  Read the book many years ago and found it very intense.
Very efficient and great experience overall. This will be my first stop for my next book purchase.
A bit violent and not to good for kids but a very good classic. I recommend this book to everyone.
Book was in excellent condition.  Purchased in advance for high school student reading assignment.
good book to read at any age . like the  way he uses animals that represent peoples . I loved it .
"It is a book that everyone should read ...Trouble is, the title probably makes people think it is only about animals on four legs ...I'm amazed that there are so few reviews about this classic book.In the current financial crisis (circa 2009), the pigs could represent the financial moguls who fundamentally brought about the crisis (in over a century) by having created money out of debt and demanded interest on the money they did not actually own.The other relevant classic by Orwell is 1984 (ISBN: 0141036141)"
Amazing book
I have wanted to read this book for years. Being cheated out of reading it in high school I simply needed to read it because. I always have liked Orwell and his writing style and liked this book as well.
"Enough said- this is a classic story. My daughter read it in high school and it was interesting hearing her views. The book was written some time ago, however some things are interesting to look back on."
This story was a great sattire of the Russian Revolution. The characters were easily related to people in real life and the story made me want to keep reading. I definitely recommend this book to anyone!
"animal farm is a fantastic book that can show  you how somone who starts out with a genuine idea and  gets curropted by power. it goes along the lines with the russian president stalin and what he did. before and during world war 2. It is about these animals on a farm that has an idea about freedom and one pig named major told these aniimals about this song called ""beasts of england"" before he died. After that the animals rebell and start their own farm and are actually sucessfull at it. their are two pigs that are in charge and the pigs makes up commandments for the animals to follow. after the one pi gets the other pig kicked out. The pig comes up with plansto build a winmill. the animals have trouble building  this design the pig came up with and it gets saotaged and blown apart . But during that this pig takes his seat at the top and begins his reign over the animals which is very brutal in the begging but it stops. Then something terrible happens and send s the animals espically a few into disbelief and thats basically the end. Except it does chronicle the time russian president stalin's reighn over russia and te events that happened."
"Great edition of Animal Farm. My only issue was that, unfortunately, I bought it to annotate it, and the pages are quite small and leave very little room for annotation on the margins or anywhere."
The ideas and concepts in this novel are thought provoking and compelling.This book really makes me ponder about my everyday actions and modern day society.READ IT!!!!!
very nice book that makes you think about for example the russian revolution.Indeed it shows every aspect of it.liked it very much.only 4 stars since the ending is a little weak.
Animal Farm is a book everyone should have to read. I read it in school. It was one of the few assigned books I loved. This book makes you THINK. It sucks you in and seems so real despite being fantasy.
"Required summer reading at our school. Satirical novel about communism in Russia written in the 40s. An easy read that may keep the interest of a 13-14 year old. Not riveting, but fun enough to finish."
I recommend this book to everyone! It was great. I love the way George Orwell explains the bad things about totalitarianism.  My favorite character is Boxer.  But I am a vegetarian.  READ THIS BOOK!!!!
Took a while to come but it's a great book a great representation of the Russian revolution
"This was a very good book to give an example of totalitarianism.I enjoyed reading this book. The author tries to shows how controling leaders are really like or gives an example of what they're like. For example one of the pigs, Napoleon, reminds me of Stalin. The author also shows how propaganda is so effective.I would recommend this book to everyone, especially to someone who doesn't like to read history books. I really like how this author uses animals to represent reality."
"On Manor Farm, the animals there feel that they are overworked, underfed, and treated unfairly. As Old Major (one of the older pigs) said, ""Man is the only real enemy we have. Remove Man from the scene, and the root  cause of hunger and overwork is abolished forever."" The barnyard  animals agree with Old Major and decide to overthorw their cruel master,  Mr. Jones.  After an unexpected take over of Manor Farm, the animals  elect the pigs as their rulers. Two of the pigs happen to be Snowball and  Napoleon. These two are the main leaders of the farm. With Snowball and  Napoleon as rulers, many adventures lay ahead for the animals on Animal  Farm (formerly Manor Farm). Adventures of war, defeat, deceitfulness, and  changes in every day living. In the end, a strange twist occurs that may  surprise you.  ""Animal Farm"" is a powerful look at how a  government and leadership applies to many people. Many countries are in  basically the same situation as the animals of this story. That is what I  think makes ""Animal Farm"" such an interesting book. I also think  it is interesting how the author, George Orwell, puts certain animals with  certain personalities and how certain things that may seem small turn out  to be a major event in the book. I think it is awesome how George Orwell  uses this in his writings.  If you are into a book where defeat and  leadership are a main subjet of the book, or you just like to read about  talking animals, I would highly recommend the book ""Animal Farm""  by George Orwell. It has been a favorite in my bookshelf for years and I  hope it will soon be part of yours."
"Made my 11 year old read this, he really enjoyed it.  I read it as a kid, it is a classic."
Amazing book. It pictures a very true story about most of the revolutions in 20th century.
Great book.
Great book.
a must read
"A required reading when I was in high school (about 25 years ago).  I was a knucklehead in those days (some would argue I still am a knucklehead) and I didnt read it then.  So, I decided I would sit down and actually read it.  I am happy with that decision.  I believe this should be required reading for all students.  If this book is properly understood I think everybody would vote against an all controlling government our politicians seem hell bent on delivering us."
Animal Farm is an amazing book by George Orwell.  It isn't very long and is easy to read.
"I bought this edition because I'm an Orwell nerd and I wanted to read what Christopher Hitchens had to say about the book. I can't think of any other reason to by this particular edition. It is very cheaply made, almost like cardboard. It looks like someone bound it in their basement. I won't read the book, but I bet it would fall apart pretty quickly if I did. I think the publisher was just cashing in on the Hitchens foreword, and didn't worry about quality. Which is fine, but I just thought I'd warn others."
"Delivered as expected and product is as described, but nothing above and beyond my expectations."
Thought provoking.  A good insight into human behaviour (oops animal behaviour??).  Good lesson
Good quality for the price and a paperback.  Going to donate to school after project is don!...
Never read this while in school like most people did. I'm glad that I finally got around to it.
"Animal Farm portrays the behavior of humans in a society of farm animals and mirrors the real-life condition of communism. It is an allegory that can be applied to almost any system of government. Although Orwell  satirizes the Russian revolution, the book communicates such a shocking  message it must be considered a significant work. Abuse of power and the  use nepotism to maintain authority are horrifying realities that exist  today.The novel entailed descriptions of the different animal  characters, each representing  a figure in the true drama of the communist  revolution in Russia.Benjamin, a pivotal character in representing a  facet of society, is depicted as a wise, clever donkey who accepts that  life is the way it is and does not try to change it. He saw what the other  animals failed to see; the real truth behind the Rebellion -one ruler would  only be replaced by another. He represents the intellectuals, and perhaps,  the Jews, during the era of communism in Russia.Napoleon used his  fellow animals' intrigue with the philosophy of Old Major to deceive them  into working towards his goals. When he first established himself as the  leader of Animal Farm, he appeared to be a good-hearted and fair ruler.  However, as time progressed he became increasingly dictatorial, initially  he lied to his populace and eventually he executed anyone who opposed him,  all in the name of animalism. As the novel closed, irony was a principal  element. Although the animals had undergone a revolution with great  personal sacrifice, they ended up in even more oppressive circumstances  than that of their former human masters, from which they did not revolt.  The book reflects realities of communist totalitarianism in a realistic  manner.Animal Farm illustrates the biting irony of socialism corrupted  by those very elements which the animals previously overthrew -a greedy  ruling class. Orwell ends the novel with the realistic insight that even in  a ""classless"" non-material society, the capable and self-serving  bureaucrats who crave power will eventually rise to positions of authority  and subjugate the masses to a life of slavery to serve their selfish needs"
Very applicable to today's moving to socialism and the human desires that can't be regulated.
It's gives an almost scary accurate depiction of the Soviet Union. It's short but a good read
"I received a book with a different cover, not a big deal but it wasn't the one in the picture"
"This was a very powerful book....  It is able to be connected with real life so well that it was kinda scary.  An important thing to realize about this book is that when Orwell calls it a ""Fairy Tale,"" it is just  that.  I read this book for a summer reading project and I am having  trouble catching the symbolism and other devices in the story.  Beside that  flaw I really enjoyed it.  It is fun to go from an in-depth novel to a  quick fairy tale.  A real good summer read!"
"This book was recommended by my history teacher, and I am glad to say that it was well worth the read. It is the story of dictatorship gone wrong. Written with a definite touch of cynism, it is in many ways easier to  understand than a history book. It's characterisations and representations  are clear. It leaves you with a slightly amused yet contemplative feeling.  If you want to understand communist Russia, this is the book to read."
"I REALLY  LOVE THIS  BOOK. THIS  IS A BOOK THAT GOES THROUGH ALL STAGES THAT COMMUNISIM DOES,BUT THE DIFFRENCE  IS THAT IT IS ONLY ON A FARM. AND DIFFERENT  GROUP  OF PEOPLE ARE REPRESENTED BY DIFFERENT  ANIMALS.  I ALSO THINK THIS STORY HOLDS THE POWER OR EXPLAIN THE POWER OF POLITICAL UPRISING. AND I WAS VERY HAPPY  AFTER READING IT BECAUSE IT GOES A LONG WAY  AND TELLS  MUCH ABOUT WHAT WE HAVE TODAY IN THE RULING OF COUNTRIES."
This book is a great exaple of Orwells genius. He crafts the story to match the progression of Russian communisim and never fails to make the story amusing. The whole story just shows what happens when anyone becomes  power hungry enough to put their own rise in front of those they started  out to benefit. I found this book captivating and interesting. I suggest it  for any one who likes a good read and can grasp compicated ideas.
"This book was different from what I thought it would be. I have a definition in my head for a ""Fairy story"" and I wouldn't call this book one. It leaves you thinking at the end like all good books do and  I think you have to know government and politics a little bit(and I  don't!)to really understand the depth of this book. Some parts where funny  and the characters were good. Read it, but don't expect a happy ending."
"Eric Blair (His assumed alias being naturally ""George Orwell"") evinces the immanent, imminent, intrinsic, exigent, and indeed ineluctable demise demonstrated by this true failed, yet wonderfully accomplished revolution (in fact a cyclical concept) in which the liberating pigs, who lead to free a farm of animals from their human oppressors, inevitably take the place of humans as a fascist oligarchy. An interesting book"
"I had this as required reading before and I hated this, but now this is very fine."
"Animal Farm is so classic, how could anyone give it anything less than five stars?"
"This book should be a mandatory read for anyone who ""walks on two legs""."
this is one of the only books at school that i like because it has communist pigs.
great book
"This story is well written and very entertaining, and that's before you start diving into the meaning. the story isn't just about the russian revolution, communism, totarlianism, socialism, but shows us the dangers that can happen to anyone in any system of government if we are not watchful and beware those of the silver tongue. I recommend this book to everyone, for entertainment, and as a warning."
I have read this before and just wanted to review it.  Met all expectations.
"The novel is wonderful. This is nothing against the writer. However, the ebook format aforementioned is terrible. There is no TOC nor way to jump through the novel (from chapter to chapter) except for guessing at page numbers (which is a great change to the kindle). There are no illustrations as advertised on the product description. As a student in college, etexts are helpful and make the book load lighter. But it is problematic for a student not to be able to go through a book quickly or to find a reference.I wish they would improve the formatting of these ebooks or they might lose academic customers."
"It's the classic everyone knows: a disillusioned Orwell satirizing socialism/communism. But it can more broadly be labeled a criticism of human nature - avarice and our quest for power. It can be applied to all states throughout history of every economic and political system. Read it as a response to the promise of the American Dream and general prosperity and equality, and it still works."""
"this book was an exellent example of how I think that animals would run the world if they were in control.  Although this book seems strange to  many people, talking animals have intrigued many childeren and adults.  I  think that George Orwell expresses many of his political veiws through the  animals.  I suggest that you read this book to see the excellent writting  style used my Orwell."
"I READ THIS BOOK FOR A READING ASSIGNMENT AND IT TOOK ME BY STORM (IN A GOOD WAY, OF COURSE).  I WAS AMAZED BY HOW THE CLEVER PIGS RULED OVER THE REST OF THE ANIMALS AND ABOLISHED LAWS, SECRETLY, THAT ONE OF OWN KIND, WHO THEY HONOURED, DREAMED OF MANY YEARS AGO.  THIS IS A GREAT BOOK FOR SOMEONE THAT IS VERY INTERESTED IN POLITICS.  THE ENDING, THOUGH, SEEMS TO BE CUT OFF RATHER SHORT"
"This Book is fantastic. I was hooked on the book from the very first page! I just had to keep reading and I couldn't put the book down! The storyline is just great and is very interesting. It makes fun of the Soviet Union and at the same time giving you a great novel to read! If your thinking of buying this book, I highly recommend it! 5 out of 5 Stars!  FOUR LEGS GOOD, TWO LEGS BAD!"
"My son has to read this book for school, he's actually enjoying the read!"
"there is nothing much more to say than great book, and go out and read it"
It is the best book I've ever read(12 years old). And no I am not a geek!
"Great Item. Arrived early on time. New Condition, and it's exactly as advertised."
"""Animal Farm"" is a atory based upon the Russian revolution, using animals as the major characters. It shows, through this clever manner, how a perfect dream can go horribly wrong, and the empty morality  behind Communism. The idea and genius behind this book is truly tremendous.  If I had my way, I would move it instantly to the ""Classics""  section of the bookstore, as this is what I consider it to be."
i didn't find it as interesting as i thought. didn't read pass the first chapter
A classic in every sense of the word. One of the best allegories I've ever read.
Everyone loses while a few reap power...very good analogy of modern day politics
I was never exposed to the  book in school. I have always heard people reference  th  book so I took upon myself. Very short and simple. Orwell breaks down the communist centrally planned state brilliantly. It describes the Russian revolution perfectly  but goes beyond it by using animals  to truly portray the absurdity of the ideas of Marx and Engels. Even a Rachael Maddow viewer would  understand this message.
"Great classic, but this paperback edition had very small print and cheap paper."
"Simple, provocative and with orwellian insight. Who knew we worked for animals?"
Historical book. It is meaningful as we are about to conduct the same mistake.
"Once you know the background, the story is too simple, but good for it's day."
It's a book - it has words - it was required for high school course.
its a book that my ganddaughter needed for english class did the job
"bad pigs,nasty pigs, ugly pigs, i hate those pigs!! long live boxer!"
Great story.  This is a must read that should be on everyones list.
"It's amazing as this books still has the power to make my grown up heart beat faster and to bring a tear to the corner of my eye. The story is great and it's marvelously written. This fable is a satyr of totalitarian regimes, specifically the communist Russia. It's definitely one of the 50 absolutely must read books and I highly recommend it!"
"Animal Farm is amazing.  Orwell was a genius; he managed to use a simple theme (animals taking over a farm) as a vessel for a much, much bigger and more complex story.  Even though it's about animals, this book is completely horrifying. Napoleon changing the commandments is probably the scariest part. Like 1984, I absolutely love this book."
"Again:Don't read this review.Just read this book.Keep it in your glove compartment.Keep it in your desk at work.Take it with you to a deserted island.Read it not once, not twice... but thrice.When you're finished, go tell someone else about it."
"If you quickly look at the cover, title or the thickness of this novel, you might think this to be a book for children about farm life (thats what I thaught at first), but don't be tricked by this fact, really this book is a very well written novel which shows the 20th century history of Russia (or the USSR) in a very satiric way.The story is set on a farm somewhere in England. The animals living there inspired by the ideas of an old pig (Carl Marx) revolt against Mr. Jones who owns the farm (Nicholas II and his supporters). As soon as Mr. Jones runs away the farm is renamed from Manor farm to Animal farm (Russia-USSR) and the seven commandments are set up, which should keep the animals free and equal between each other, but as you can guess the novel doesn't end like this ""...and they lived happily ever after."" In fact the end is very pessimistic (as to the existence of communism in the near future).This book shows us that no matter how good the original ideas are (Marx's ideas for example) for the governing of society, leaders always get corrupted if too much power is given to them (Stalin). In my opinion Communism came into this world too early and in the wrong place (Russia in 1900 was certainly not ready for Communism and I think that no country in the next 5 or 6 centauries years will be ready for any of the forms of communism). For instance what would happen if you turned Medieval-feudal England into a democratic country? Nothing would work this regime would be overthrown and there some King on the throne again who return feudalism, same thing with communism. ""Animal Farm"" shows us that pure communism is impossible and that it has to be heavily `mixed' with capitalism. Thus creating a mixed governing system like the NEP in 1920s USSR (It wasn't called USSR in those times).The novel might also be interesting to children (8+) even though ending will disappoint them and they won't understand the story behind the book. The only thing that I didn't like about this book that it was a bit short (97 pages and the font is quite big). But I still think that this is a superb book but it would be even more outstanding if Orwell would have made it a bit longer.I would give it 4.5 stars if I could!"
"George Orwell is the pseudonym of Eric A. Blair (1903-1950). He published this short political satire in the mid-1940s and it was required reading for many students when I was in high school in the early 1960s. I even  discovered that it was required reading for eighth graders in one of the  local schools just this last year. It is still having an impact. This  classic fable of animals who take over a farm is a satire of the 1917  Bolshevik Revolution and of Communist rule in the Soviet Union. Since the  U.S.S.R. has now broken up, one might feel that this book is now outdated.  However, I think that is far from the case. First of all, the book is a  part of history. The satire has had an influence on the world's perception  of this form of government (and on any form of totalitarianism). Thus, in a  way, the novel has played a role, perhaps minor, in the ultimate fate of  the Soviet Union. In addition, I find many instances in politics, in other  totalitarian governments, and even in personal interactions in business and  in academia that can be perceived in a new light through this fable. In the  tale, the animals on Mr. Jones's farm revolt and oust their human master.  In the beginning, all the animals have a deep revolutionary zeal and all  attempt to work for the common good. A list of Commandments is formulated  that all are to follow. But, the pigs, led by a pig named Napoleon, begin  to take over the leadership and begin to edit the Commandments for their.  They subvert the Revolution for their own ends and for the sake of power. A  new tyranny has replaced the old. The downtrodden remain the downtrodden.  The pig Napoleon represents the ruthless Stalin and the idealistic Snowball  represents Trotsky. The doomed horse Boxer represents the characteristics  of the common man. But, as mentioned above, the book brings up issues that  go far beyond that of the 1917 revolution. Perhaps the most famous line is  ""All the animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than  others."" An earlier reviewer gave the book only a single star, using  this line as an example of how the book was so ""dumb"" since how  could things be more equal than others. Of course, that was Orwell's point  but it seems to still elude some of our young critics. This is a book that  everyone should read and it is incumbent that teachers get some of Orwell's  points across. There are some reviewers who gave the book a single star  simply because it wasn't realistic in that Orwell used animals as  characters. It is as if these students had never heard of satire, imagery,  allegory, or metaphor. Thank goodness that most of the students writing  comments do not fall into that category."
fantastic read enables you look at the politics in different ways.
I think that this book is a great allegory relating to the Russian revolution.  The animals all represent different people in real life.  A great book for everyone to read.
An interesting take on the socialist policies and way of life. The analogies made between animals and actual socialist concepts makes perfect sense. A great read overall!
Orwell was a genius. I reread this classic once again after 40 years and was struck by how relevant it is today. This is a cautionary tale of the dangers of extremism.
"I'm on the fence. I haven't even read it all the way through, but I just can't get into the book. I think it's the talking animals. I'm just not sure about this one."
This is a great classic piece of literature.  I read it regularly to keep me straight.  I bought multiple copies to give to the other elected officials in my county.
"This US an excellently written book, as well as interesting. The topic is unique but gives us as humans a different perspective of life, through the word of animals!"
"This was the correct book I was looking for. there are many versions of this book, but this was the one I wanted or that the teacher was looking for the kids to have"
I have red this book probably 10 times since I was 13.  It is still as good as it was the first time and the usage of symbolism just as keen.  I would recommend it.
I have never read this story before and if course being of the age I am now I understand the metaphors inside the book.  It was a well written entertaining story.
Read this book as part of a 2015 50 book Reading Challenge.  I enjoyed the book as well as reading about all the hype around the book when it was first published.
allegorical DETALING OF EXACTLY WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS COUNTRY.
"Look at the Islamic state. They are worse than the infidels that they feel justified to kill and rape. I loved how the rules kept changing in Animal Farm . Likewise, the interpretation of the Koran can vary. The in fighting is there as well. This book speaks to the depravity of the human condition if left unchecked and unchallenged."
"A must read. So applicable in many ways past, present and future."
Got it for kids. They read it n do their book reports for school.
"I come from a country oppressed by a disguised form of socialism. It is instead communism, the old one. I was impressed on how our own reality is pictured so very well in this book. I couldn't finish it, I read it in two afternoons.A classic to give as a gift to someone that doesn't actually grasp the sad reality they live in."
"This story was incredible when it first came out during the rise of the Soviet Union, and with a certain someone in office, it's even more effective today. When you know who everyone represents in the story and keeping it in your mind that it really did happen, this can be horrific and smart. Orwell's allergories live on today."
Book is good and I really wanted this particular item.  Not bad!
Timeless classic...really enjoyed the audiobook version of this.
My daughter needed this book for school and the price was great!
This book showed a mature view about how communism does not work
I just saw a play and I wanted to compare the play to the book.
You can never go wrong with great authors like George Orwell.
This was  a Gift for our Teen!! So I can not tell you much!!
Orwell - a great classic tale of society set in a barn yard.
"This is possibly the greatest book ever written by man.  ""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others""  I can't read or think of that brillant line without getting shivers down my spine.  This is a book that should be read by every literate human being on the face of the  earth."
The book had lots of writing but I really needed it thank u
His point and opinion just great about nowdays corruptions.
Fantastic. A real classic. Must read for the thinking mind.
"Orwell's animal farm was written in 1946 and is still in schools today because it's a classic. I loved reading it in school, and I love it still. It's one of those books that you don't forget. It's simple, but good. The simple tale of communism, and takes place on a farm is a captivating story."
love it
"George Orwell creates an interesting story both literally and symbolically.  The reading is rather easy, and the story is somewhat short, but it is all-together a nice, compelling story with historical  significance."
"This book is very exciting!! It has the most interesting main idea.  The way that George Orwell writes this book, is how he makes it  exciting!!  Alot of times it is very sad though.  Very very good book to read!!!"
"The book ""Animal Farm"" was awesome.  Orwell's use of imagery was overwhelming and every page kept my interest.  I am giving a shout out to Colby Neal.  This book is a must for everyone of all ages!!!!!"
Amazing classic. Must Read.
Missing printed pages of the last two chapters (at least a dozen were blank).  As this was a purchase for a summer reading assignment - it was very disappointing to have to download the book from another site.
"The story begins when the animals in Manor Farm stage a rebellion after a rousing speech from Major, a very respected boar in the farm. They chase their human master, Mr. Jones, away and begin to run the farm themselves. At first, all are happy. After Mr. Jones has gone, the animals believe they now own the farm collectively and that they are all equal. The Seven Commandments is soon set up. Among the commandments are ""no animal shall kill another animal"", ""all animals are equal"" and ""whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy"".  It is soon decided that the pigs are the most intelligent, and shall be the ones who rule the whole farm. Among the pigs, two leaders emerge - Snowball and Napoleon. Problem arises when Snowball and Napoleon disagree on the plan to build a windmill on the farm. Snowball, a talented speaker, easily gains support. But unfortunately for him, Napoleon plays dirty and Snowball is chased away from the farm.  From here, everything in the farm starts to change. I don't want to reveal the rest of the story, but I think this book is worth reading. Orwell gives very lively description of the whole story which have a good effect to the reader."
"This is, in my opinion, the best George Orwell book ever written.  His use  of animals and projecting them into a Russian Revolution setting is genius.  Also he'll make you want to eat bacon and eat mutton."
"In today's world where history is repeating itself, Animal Farm is a great book to understand social conflict. While it ends without a conclusion, it leaves you to guess and wonder what happens in the end."
"Got this for my 9th grader that had to do a book report over the summer. Thank goodness it was for someone with good eyes, the print is quite small. But it was mostly the price that swayed me to buy this."
"Animal farm is a old classic.  Although its intention is to parody events in the USSR, it also illuminates political activities of today, or any generation.  Not unlike ""The Pince"" by Machiavelli."
Clean book and no damage.  Good value at Amazon.
I have recently read this book for my English class.  George Orwell with the use of barn yard animals reveals the ruthlessness and control of the communist government in his own era.  The book is very easy to follow and is very insightful
Awesomely amazing! Describes government to a T.
"excellent product and service, highly recommend"
"NO NO NO!  Funny how this book sounds a lot more like a metaphor for our corporate welfare state.  The irony of this book is the foolish reader that thinks this book is about ""another"" society where citizens don't have the freedoms that we ""have"" in our society.  The pigs in Orwell's novel are the very leaders that are driving the working families of this  country into the ground today in the US."
"This book had a lot of animals in it and they did, indeed live on a farm.  However, there was very little actual farming in this book, which was disappointing because I was planning on starting a crop of wheat in the backyard."
I read this way back when I was a teen and loved it.  It left a lasting impression on me!  I'm revisiting some of my old classics and encouraging folks to re-read them because I believe the message is even more relevant today!
"Animal Farm is about the lives of animals living on a communist farm.  When I first heard about it, I though that it was the dumbest thing I have ever heard of.  But after the first page I knew that it was a wonderful  book."
love this book!!  makes me want to eat bacon.
"I think this book is good for peolpe who like Geagraphy,because it talks about an history.people who like geagraphy would like this book because it talk about that caminiseum and it also fun for people who like geagraphy."
There are some books I feel every teen should read. Especially in light of recent current events. Today's children & teens sometimes have no real concept of how lucky they are to live in a free society.This in such a book to remind them that things could be so different!
"always love this book, is history related just in case"
Bit more wear to the book than described but good book
"I think thousands of literary professors and critics have reviewed this book far better than I ever can.  Its a classic, and a bit nostalgic to read after the school years.  The E-Book worked great on my ipad and had no typos or translation errors like you find sometimes."
What can I add to this classic?  Very timely story.
Great!
It describes every dictatorship that ever existed!
i would suggest this book to any young person who wishes to learn more of the evils of both capatialism and communism.  It shows how a worker based revolution with the right leader can work while a corrupt leader can bring it down with one stroke.
It doesn't get much better than this! Five stars!
"This book is one of the greatest satire of all time, one of the motivating  factors in the awareness of Communism's evil. Through his brilliant use of  animals as in olden fables, Orwell holds a mirror to the state of humanity.  Great book."
"A bookwhich combines heart breaking events such as the death of Boxer who was loyal to the end, with animal comedy.I loved it and I think you will too. It's an animal classic on my list."
"Amazing book with perfect narration.  The pictures that Orwell paints are so vivid!  I'm fairly new to audiobooks, but I am hooked.  My vision doesn't let me read as long as my ears do."
This book should be required reading in high school.  Socialism has never worked and never will.  The Left hates this clever exposure of their ideology which is why you should read it.
"I've heard about this book for years but only now read it. Although the connections  to the world in which Orwell was writing are clear, it's interesting to consider today's analogs..."
George Orwell made me realize that what is happening now has happened over and over in the past. Made me sad that this is what people become when the wrong people have too much power.
Just reaching this book makes u see things in a new perspective .the book some can say makes u think about human nature in a while now light even tho the main characters are . Animals
"Well before it's time, a masterpiece which lampoons a society which is all too common in today's world. A must read for anyone who has any interest in history, politics and sociology."
This book is an excellent interpretation of ditatorship and how easily a person in power can allow that power to go to his/her head and eventually bring the downfall of that society.
"Last read in '76. Even more relevant today , political commentary resembles many states. I went to see a stageplay on book and had to reread to refamiliarise myself with characters"
the overture of the class struggle which plays through my eyes as a 21st century American living in China is remarkable considering this book represents the rise of Stalin's Russia
Classic-  telling tale of the dangers of giving the governments too much power and trust!
If you don't know this book consider it absolutely necessary for your political education
"I wasn't sure if this book was fiction or non-fiction, but it was pretty good either way."
You cannot claim to be literate in Western culture unless you have read this brief book.
"Read this generations ago, as current as today along with 1984 which I also read again."
"Good book, should be required reading in schools today - we don't need to be socialists"
i love reading.i read this book in school. its the only book i have ever  really LOVED.
"While the book is about a failed socialist revolution, it is also about the failures of capitalism that cause worker's revolt. At the end it is all one ""global"" (all 3 farms) economy that sees socialism's potential for profitability while working the commoners to  death. Needs to be read."
"This was an amazingly good book. the writing is great and understandable, and the story is really good, but the ending is the best. I also like the fact that it was so short.  I was so interested after the first 10 pages that I couldn't put it down and I read the whole thing in just one night. I really don't suggest you miss this classic, because it is one of the best books I've read (among Steinbeck, Dumas, and more) READ READ READ!!!"
A must read classic for all ages; maybe the more you age the better you'll enjoy it!
"""Animal Farm"" is an easy and enjoyable piece of work.  All the animals from Manor Farm are being overworked and neglected by the irresponsible owner, Mr. Jones.  The animals are outraged and become conscious of their cruel and unjust treatment after listening to a discourse from Major, a respectable pig in the farm.  The animals come to the agreement that a rebellion against their inebriated master must take place.  The animals attack and scare away Mr. and Mrs. Jones.  They seize the farm and proclaim themselves owners of ""Animal Farm.""  The animals equally perform necessary tasks, under their own supervision, to maintain the farm and establish The Seven Commandments which every animal must abide by.  The animals' hearts leap with joy at the idea of successfully working together on a common goal but this feeling is too soon shattered and converted into one of hopelessness.  The pigs, which have greater intelligence than the other animals, become the leaders and problems begin to arise.  Napoleon, the clever and deceptive pig, expels Snowball, the trustworthy pig, out of the farm and takes total control over every aspect of the farm.  He manipulates conditions and decisions such as food production, consumption, etc., and violates every single commandment to benefit only himself.  Read and find out how a single force can cleverly compel others into submission to ""wise"" authority.  Analyze how no system is ideal and how many things can happen when some have no education and less power, and others are privileged with it all.  Discover how an expected utopia turns into an unexpected hell-hole."
It shows that No need to buy New book!!!
"good book, just a little far fetched..."
You just cannot go wrong with George Orwell. I constantly read and research Mr. Orwell as well as see so many references to the man by great literary contributors. Orwell is worth reading.
"This is an old one but one everyone needs to read, we get so confortable with our life to the point we do not reconize what is in front of your face... Get this book, read and pass on..."
Pretty good had to read it for english
Good lessons being taught in this book
Good quick read and thought provoking.
"Timeless classic, still very relevant."
Pages were very fragile at the binding
"It is is very good book. The problem is that the ending is bad. Is there  a sequel? If there is, this is  4 stars. If not, it deserves 3."
Was always on my radar as one of the classics to read. Pretty predictable story  evolution. Very easy to see how this mimics democracies.
What a good book. Makes you think about censorship and government...also about any government..great book if you're looking for a thinker
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
Splendid writing. Satirically marvelous. Creatively depicts the Russian Revolution and all the worldly warring issues that came to pass.
VERY SMALL PRINT.
Words of praise for Orwell and his animal farm. You need not understand post ww2 politics to receive the intended message. I hate pigs.
"Changed my whole prospective on our Political leaders AND ""Politically Charged"" people. It's a short, simple YET Powerful book."
"Very well written and an interesting twist on history, but I'm not a fan of this genre, so that explains the 3... it's just not for me."
"Who knew talking animals would constitute an adult piece of literature!Very engaging, violent, dark, witty and wise. A must read."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell, is the story of the Bolshevic revolution, told using a farm's corruptness.  Each character of the book is representative of one of the major people involved in Russia's dramatic change.  The Czar, Lenin, Tratski, Stalin, the government, the working class, followers, and secret police, are all present in this story through animals.  Old major a pig (Lenin), brings inspiration to the animals of the farm to take control of their lives.  He dies, but Snowball(Tratski) organizes the attack on Mr.Jones (The Czar).  After they succeed in riding the farm of Mr.Jones, Snowball makes plans of education and electricity for the future.  Meanwhile Napoleon(Stalin), is planning his take over.  Napoleon uses Snowball's plans but convinces the animals it is his own and that Snowball is to be banished.  Squealer who is always at Napoleon's side goes around convincing everyone that Napoleon really is great.  Boxer who is a horse(the working class) works very hard because he is thinking his work will pay off.  When he gets injured and can no longer contribute to the progress of the far, Napoleon sends Boxer to a glue factory.  The followers are the sheep and the dogs of the farm are the secret government.  Anyway, the book is a fun and creative way to teach the Russian Revolution.  It is a short and quick read that you can gain a lot from.  Although you need to do a little bit of extra research if you don't know anything about the Russian Revolution to understand what everything represents, it is worth it."
"After reading animal farm, i fel a bit dissappointed.  Throughout the beginning of the book, it was details, details, details, but as  story wore on, less details were given.  From the wonderful battle of cowshed, to the LAME battle for the windmill,  the things that make the battle of cowshed grea were details, but with the battle of he windmill, it seemed that there were about 1/2 the details that were in the 1st battle.  It seemed that George Orwell just got lazy, and just wanted to finish this book.But on to the positive!This book was HALARIOUS (in the fact that if you take the symbols for who/what they were).  The book was like a season of SNL all rolled up into one small tiny book. It also compared russian history and the dealings of animal/manor farm VERY accurately.It's just too  bad the end could not be the same qulity as the beginning."
"This book is in FANTASTIC condition as it is brand new, and for a reeeeeally good price. I was expecting it to come in 2 days, and it came the day after I ordered it. Very pleased!"
Orwell was a genius before his time!!
The print was much too small to read.
Good satire on the Soviet Revolution.
One of my favorite books of all time.
Great book!  Everyone should read it.
"The unimaginable has become reality, as farm animals have become self sufficient in George Orwell's satire, Animal Farm. It is clear in his writing that Orwell hated totalitarianism to the point that he fought wars against it. Orwell strongly opposed the Soviets communism which is clearly reflected in Animal Farm. The book shows through, Orwell's detailed rendition of a society run by animals, that innocence and equality are not the greatest things in the world because they can be easily corrupted.The book starts by detailing how the farm is when run by men. Eventually the animals decide to take over and do so in an attempt to form a utopia. The animals through, their interactions with each other, and the outside world clearly reflect those of mankind and show just how impossible it is for a utopian society to succeed. I found the book was both interesting and memorable because of its catchy slogans and paradoxes. The book suggests that anybody who comes to power may be corrupted and that it is possible for one person to corrupt a society by means of force. I also found it interesting how Squealer was able to sway the animals with the use of propaganda, much like the Nazi's shortly before Animal Farm was published. The book has made me rethink what it truly means to be equal, but has not altered my views of our economic divisions which were clearly reflected on Orwell's Animal Farm. The society created in Animal Farm can and should be studied as a perfect example of what not to do."
"This book appears to parallel what is happening in our very own back yard today. We have definitely gotten the same kind of ""CHANGE"" this book described at Animal Farm."
One of my favorite books.  Short and profound.  A warning to us all.  So many times I see the progression of the things about which this book warns.  Must read for all who enjoy politics.  Should be read in high school.
This is another interesting book.  It has a very insightful look at relationships if you take it away from the main story.  This is probably his best work.  The writing is far less dark then many of his other books.
not the great read i remember from years ago
Great book got for my kid for school project
"Avoided reading it at school, but I loved it"
was shipped very quickly and was as promised
"What can I say but the actual fact is that we are becoming more like Animal Farm than when it was written.  Scary thought that some animals will be more equal than others, but it is already happening here in the USA"
One of the greatest political/social fables
animal farm is a good source of information for where our country is headed if something (and someone) doesn't change soon.
"A savage, telling satire on totalitarianism in general, the perversion of the communist ideal at the hands of flawed men in particular. If nothing else, 'All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others' will  live forever. The later '1984' tackled a similar theme in a bleaker, more  monotonous manner, and seems to lack the sense of disgust that permeates  'Animal Farm'.Despite being a 'classic', with all that entails, it's  actually quite short, to-the-point, blackly comic, and written in a clear,  crisp style that makes you wish all political allegory was so  easily-approachable. A generation of schoolchildren were probably put off  this book by school (for a time it was a popular, slightly-controversial  choice amongst English teachers), and traumatised by the sad fate of Boxer,  the horse.There was an aminated film, too - equally effective, it stuck  faithfully to the novel, with the addition of a more optimistic ending, one  which seemed to mirror the eventual collapse of the Soviet Union."
nice
Not the same edition as the poster
very happy it was a beautiful gift
The Kindle edition suggests it includes Ralph Steadman's illustrations. It does not. Do not be fooled.A five-star book if Amazon's listing stops lying.
"woo doggy this a book i read at age ten i had nightmares i mean talking,walking,whiskey drinkin pigs i think George Orwell went crazy then wrote the best book."
"This is a book that become in my opinion one of the 20th century's greatest books. While satirizing and critiquing the rise of communism in Russia, it nevertheless can be a figurative mirror into the nature of all repressive and dystopian societies.Mr. Jones runs Manor Farm, but an old boar named Major (a compilation of both Marx and Lenin) calls his fellow animals together to tell of them of a dream he had whereupon animals one day cast off their human overseers and run their own affairs. Soon, Major dies and is replaced by Snowball (Trotsky) and Napoleon (Stalin) and then lead a revolt that evicts Jones from the farm. What transpires next through the end of the story serves as a reminder for those well-versed in world history and a warning for those who are heretofore ignorant of past history.The tragedy of the story is that in their quest to obtain power, the pigs became what they ultimately said they hated. They were not true revolutionaries, but rather entities that used the concept of revolution for their own purposes. In the end, Manor Farm was no better served by the pigs than they were under Jones; in fact, one could argue convincingly that Farm life had actually worsened.BOTTOM LINE: Animal Farm should be required reading for everyone as a means towards becoming educated and informed citizens."
"This was an amazing work of art by George O. I am verry into reading and have been since 3rd grade,but somehow THIS book seemed to capture somthing inside of me . I read the first chapter where old majesty dies and I couldn't put it down  I read at night till 2:00 .The animals run the humans off the farm and Manor Farm is thus dubbed Animal Farm. then Snowball and Napolean dont get alongSOAPOLEAN CHASES SNOWBALL OFF THE FARM ANDTELLS THE OTHER ANIMALS how evil he is  Thechikens were the only ones to stand up for thmselves.Poor ol Boxer was just too stinken loyal and experienced a tragic death. I cried.Well go read it right now,a story about decepcion ignorance and tragedy,oh ya one more thing it was neat how he compared the animals to the humans it really makes one think ""what are we doing to ourselves?""and how over the years the animal seemed to ""forget"" the last few words on the seven comandments. No animal shall kill any other animal.[without c! ause] No animal shall drink allcohall.[to excess] Untill the pigs said there really wernt 7 rules in the first just the words ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL,BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS""  sorry about the above typing.... I was deleating something I dicided to omit and I got all mixed up so some words arent spaced.  submitted by Briana Whitted  12 yrs"
This book is ok.  Not a huge fan.
At least it's off my bucket list.
Sometimes I feel this way at work
"Animal Farm is a short 95 page story full of satire and genius from the mind of George Orwell. The book was first written in 1943 and published in 1945 about the dictatorships of Stalin, Communism, and what has become one of the darker spots in world history. The book mirrors some of the horrors of war, politics, and deception in what Orwell called ""A Fairy Story"" about dominating pigs, ignorant horses, and dumb sheep.The story begins with Mr. Jones, the human owner of the Manor Farm. Jones' rule on the farm is harsh, and when an old boar named Major gathers the rest of the farm animals together to incite them to rebel, they eventually do. After Major dies, the animals run Jones off the farm, claiming the land as their own, and they adopt a system of thought known as Animalism. Animalism, of course, is none other than Communism and Mr. Jones represents the ruling Tsar and capitalism.Once the farm is under the animals' rule, the pigs assume a dominant role of leadership because, as the book says, the pigs seem to be the smartest of the animals. All of the animals then sing their own anthem called the Beasts of England, which is in celebration for their victory from Jones' tyrannical rule to their own freedom. However, these animals unknowingly move from one tyrannical rule to another.They rename the farm ""Animal Farm"" and the pigs, the dogs, horses, sheep, and chickens set up their seven commandments of Animalism dictating how the farm will be run. Out of all the pigs, two become prominent figures on the farm: Snowball, who is the mirror image of Trotsky, and Napoleon, who is none other than Stalin.Napoleon and Snowball feud about how the farm should be run now that all animals are declared comrades and all animals are equal. Only man and his vices are the enemy. Yet Napoleon has other ideas and nearly has Snowball killed as he runs the pig off the farm. The other animals then fall under Napoleon's rule.The strongest of the animals is a cart horse named Boxer, who adapts his own mantra of ""Napoleon is always right"" and ""I must work harder"" whenever he is faced with an obstacle or opposition. The old donkey, Benjamin, has the worst temper of the animals and is generally a sourpuss, but he seems to have the steadiest head on his shoulders compared to the other beasts. Even though he avoids giving his opinions on many matters, he, unlike the majority of other animals, learns how to read and comprehend.The other cart-horse, Clover, is a motherly mare always willing to help. Mollie is a vain young mare with an affinity for sugar cubes and ribbons for her mane. The sheep always dumbly parrot what they are told by the pigs. While the dogs work as the pigs' bodyguards and kill any of the animals that step out of line or whom the pigs deem worthy of death.As the book progresses, the animals successfully build a windmill which brings power to the farm for a time. But none of the animals seem to benefit from this new power except for the pigs. In fact, the pigs are the only ones truly benefiting from the resources of the farm while the other animals live in poverty.The pigs move into the main farmhouse and begin sleeping in Jones's beds, wearing human clothes, and walking about on two feet. By the story's end, the animals of the farm find it hard to tell the difference between the pigs and humans, their enemies.Overall, Animal Farm paints a tragic picture of war and how men became not better than beasts. The terrors experienced during WWII in Communist Russia and the rest of the world will forever haunt history, and I think Orwell's book captures that fearful scene quite well. There is not much about this book that I dislike. I would certainly recommend Animal Farm not only because it is a classic but also for its historical significance as a great satirical piece.The story is humorous at times and so is some of the animals' dialogue, especially the pig Squealer. And many times I found myself wondering, why couldn't the animals see what's going on? But that is one of the points of the book. The lesser animals on the farm represent the types of people in the world and, sadly, their ignorance and misplaced hopes. What's most interesting about the book is its appeal to both young and mature readers after all these years."
great
great
"Animal Farm, George OrwellThe subtitle is ""A Fairy Story"" but that is wrong. The ten chapters of 128 pages is far too long for the classic fairy tale that has a few pages, occurs in a short space of time, and has a moral. The original fairy tales were often quite gruesome and were bowdlerized for children so they wouldn't ask embarrassing questions. You can read the original ""Hansel and Gretel"" and compare it to 20th century stories.The story about a society with hunger, hardship, and disappointment could be true of much of world. Does a society with plenty of food produce happier people? Disappointment, the result of not getting what you want, is ever part of human nature. The ""Santa Claus"" legend may teach children to live with disappointment. George Orwell's death of TB suggests a failure to eat nourishing food (like butter and eggs) or get proper medical care.Like ""Brave New World"" this book has a reputation in excess of its real value. The story where changing propaganda sways popular opinion to align with current government policy is never ending. Remember Reagan's sale of poison gas to Saddam Hussein and Bush's 1991 war on Iraq? I think Sinclair Lewis did a better job attacking the corporate state (""It Can't Happen Here""). Orwell's moral seems to be ""politics doesn't matter"" or ""be happy in your work"".The problem with this book is that it is like a comic book without pictures. The author defines and describes this story, you can't criticize it because it does not claim to be a real history. Think of a comic skit on a TV show that parodies some real event. Orwell is in complete control, whatever he says is the story. Can animals exist without any conflicts? Even in the same species? Just watch some of the ""nature"" shows on TV for an answer. This story is believed by those who want it to be true and accept it all."
"More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984"" a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control. Principally he has only transcribed from reality, because the dictatorships of terror existed already: Nazi-Germany, Sowjetunion, Mao-China, GDR, Northern Korea and others. A better description in literary form is not thinkable! That`s all old hat? Not at all!Orwell is about advising against mechanisms which lead to such slavery of people. And these mechanisms are still going, even with us. He wants that everybody develops a feeling in order to become able to stop such wrong developments. No wonder that this book was on the black list of many dictatorships. Why? A dog that is hit will bark! But we are all hit since in this time of a progressing media age the ideal presuppositions for the complete exertion of influence and control of people are given. In totalitarian regimes of today it is for example often practise to block websites, so that only certain information currents are available. Talking about opinion-forming. That is to say the advantages of linking ways of information in our days can be reversed at any time to a disadvantage. You believe what a majority says is right, because it is comfortable.When Orwell wrote 1984"" he thought of the Sowjetunion, but his observations of human psyche have universal validity. What he describes is the ideal type of a totalitarian dictatorship that comes automatically from the misleading human will of self-realization, being often enough wishful thinking that the paradise could be ordered on Earth, thanks to the human capability. This has nothing to do with prophecy when Orwell writes this. It is nothing than self-observation and self-realization of any reasonable human.In 1984"", similar to the Sowjetunion or the GDR or Cuba, there is a striking economy of scarcity which is being denied with the help of propaganda. Hence the ministry of economics is for Orwell the ""ministry of abundance"". This is a mark of totalitarian systems, that they misuse the language, twist everything, blackmail opponents and let them disappear when they get them. All for the alleged welfare of the community. Everybody understands the proper insanity but all surrender to the pressure and take part in the game. Reality sense is no longer needed, it dwindles ever more and the reversion to reason and to sustainable values is getting more and more difficult. ""Why do you accuse me of not having unlocked the door?"" is the question of the concentration-camp guard who stands in front of the court because the prisoners perished in the locked building. ""I have not had an order to open it!""At first one agrees with the lie until on is able to live under it by constant use. Who does not remember the propaganda of the Nazis about worthless lives and alike to praise man on one side  as superior masters and at the same time devalue man by racism. That is always the same, self-elevation leads to fall. So much for ideologies where after man himself determines what is good and bad. In so far Orwell draws not the last necessary conclusions, that man cannot find truth in himself. Hardly he seems to have found it, at once it is turning destructively against him as is apparent in his ""Animal farm"".Orwell says clearly in ""1984"" what is unjust. But, whence the individual freedom and self-determination of man should come when they cannot be given naturally, he is not able to say.It is lost somewhere in the fog of humanistic wisdom which are always under suspicion of being misused as helpers for something else. Already the Bible warned: ""woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who make out of darkness light and out of light darkness"". Well, but how to avoid the evil?It would be wrong to point at totalitarian systems and think that this could not happen to a democracy. Orwell knew about the fragility and sensibility of all man made power structures which have those above and those below. He knew that the so called free West could quickly slide into Totalitarianism. In Germany that happened very quickly. It is a deception tp assume that it would be different somewhere else. It was visible that a high culture could not withstand. And today? Sceptics discover also in our society the beginning of limitations of freedoms and of the misuse of information, even when this happens subtly. For example somebody who behaves like a Christian is in our days quickly branded as a fundamentalist or even thrown into the same pot with Islamists. Because of the relativism of today which regards as only truth that there is no binding truth it is ignored that exactly the Christians combine the notion of truth tightly to the notion of individual freedom, whereas this is not the case in Islam, because Islam has a political claim of power exertion.It is true that Orwell makes clear that the reversal of the values goes together with the reversal of the words. ""War and peace"" is exchangeable with ""just war"". Sand this process is starting in the small, with verbal persecution and it is ending in the worst case with Holocaust. At first you are eliminated in words and then with all consequences. Marxism-Leninism possessed the impunity to call itself scientific knowledge. We laugh about it. But what about today? We have an extended faith in science. Today even the former marxists know that they were wrong. We have seen it a hundred of times what happens when man takes himself as last measure. His self-redemption programs are sentenced to failure. One day it will also be put an end to the personal freedom. Orwells book should be a warning. ""1984"" is one of the few books which everybody should have read. And it holds its actuality."
"Imagine a farm run completely by animals...completely by animals.  A rebellion against humans starts it all.  In Animal Farm this idea was started by Old Major, a boar, whose dream was that animals ran the farms.  ""Man was their only enemy,"" was the inspiring quote that helped them through the rebellion.  George Orwell uses a real life rebellion experience, with people, and converts it into a more simpler way of explaining it...with animals on a farm. Days after Old Major made his speech, he died a peaceful death in his sleep.  Then the rebellion started.  They successfully took over the farm and even wrote up their own ""Bill of Rights"" which was called the Seven Commandments.  The leaders of the farm were pigs, they were mostly the only ones who could read.  Snowball was one of the leaders who was intelligent, passionate, and eloquent.  Napoleon was another leader who had a reputation of always getting his own way.  Eventually, Napoleon and Snowball stopped seeing eye to eye on the way things should go.  Before long, Napoleon starts to use force and manipulation to gain power.  It didn't take long for Napoleon to start resembling his ""enemy."" Animal farm is a book that focuses on description.  The author, as the story unravels, makes it easy for me to picture the scenes in my head.  In the end I think that the author could have taken the story into more details, because it would have been easier to see what happened to the animals.  I chose this book because the plot was different from other books I have read.  I was also interested in what was going to happen at the end of the story.  I think that it was partly the genre and that I liked it because it was about animals, which interests me a lot, and that I kept reading it because of the whole story.  I think that there would be a way for me to appreciate the book more.  For example, if I lived on a farm, it would be even easy to appreciate it because I would be around the animals that the book talks about.  George Orwell does a fantastic job of explaining what happens thoroughly, throughout the story.  If you wanted to read a good animal story with fascinating detail and an intriguing plot than this would be the one."
"If history is your thing, you enjoy reading, and you live ona farm, Animal Farm, by George Orwell is definitely the book for you,my friends.  This is a classic novel written during WWII that followsthe occurrences during the rebellion of communists in Russia.  Thissatire can be directly matched up with the actually happeningsdealing with the Soviets and their rebellion against capitalism. Throughout the book I was captivated and forced to read moreand more.  When I began reading, I liked all the animals the same butabout halfway through the book I began to dislike the pigs and feelsorry for the other animals being put to work like the pig'sservants.  I liked the fact that this book had understandablelanguage, was short, and the story was easy to follow.  The storynever got boring at a single point throughout.  George Orwell did anexcellent job writing the book to fit the story of the rebellion ofthe Soviets.  The story from the Jones' farm matched well with thestory of the Russian rebellion.  I enjoyed reading this book and Iwould probably recommend this book to a friend because it is a quickread, but it is also quite interesting and intriguing.  I would alsoprobably purchase another one of his books and see if his greatwriting style is evident in his other books. At the beginning of the story, I liked every animal thesame.  I did not like one more than the other.  As the storyprogressed, I began to dislike Napoleon.  Napoleon, like manyleaders, got power-hungry.  He continued to desire more and morepower as the book progressed.  The more power he achieved, the worsehis decisions became.  He put the other animals to work as if theywere his slaves.  He changed their seven ""unchangeable"" laws.  Manyother things were done by Napoleon because of the power that he hadand the bad judgment he possessed.  Napoleon's power hunger made merealize that too much of a good thing has a bad outcome.  His powergot into his head and thereof controlled his mind.  When things likepower and wealth are excessive, something needs to be done.  If noaction is taken, excessive power and wealth can lead to harmfulconsequences. The end of the book was very interesting.  Napoleon, theleader of the rebellion against human beings and the enforcer ofAnimalism, has become completely humanlike in his behavior.  Napoleonends up making peace with the humans who were once enemies of theanimals on the farm.  This ending is very odd considering the stanceof Napoleon early on in the book. The ending was quite unusual and unexpected, but overall thisbook was excellent.  I recommend it to anyone who desires arighteous, reputable read."
"A book focusing on the cruel injustice of totalitarianism through talking animals: this sounds more like an adult's Charlotte's Web to me. But as it turned out I couldn't put the book down! I'd sit down expecting to have to force my eyelids to stay open for at least ten pages and an hour later have finished five chapters.Besides being glued to the page, I learned a lot about Russian history along with how a government functions. This simplified form of communism turning into totalitarianism helped me understand the uses of propaganda, secret police used by such leaders as Hitler and Stalin, and how the public is kept in the dark. When the sheep and horses were so blind to the slavery they were being forced into I at first felt angry, but realized that this is how many societies function. Ordinary, innocent people can become Nazis or can starve under a gluttonous ruler if they don't care enough to pay attention to what leadership is doing. My favorite character in the book changed as the story progressed. At first I felt intrigued by the pigs Snowball and Napoleon, amused by devious tricks and ideas. But as Napoleon become increasingly brutal I found that I liked Benjamin, who seemed to be stubborn and ""unpatriotic"", but turned out to be foreshadowing the end result of Animal Farm. I especially was moved by his display of emotions towards Boxer towards the end. While at the end I wanted to dislike the book's abrupt and rather depressing ending, I realized that it was the most appropriate ending and got Orwell's point across. Obviously the book could not have a happy ending since Russia's history of monarchs to communism to totalitarianism was itself depressing. It also left you questioning if the animals would rebel yet again or fall under the rule of the pigs. George Orwell is an amazing writer who has strength in simplifying complex ideas and turning boring, dry history material into amusing fictions. These two gifts have helped Orwell communicate serious problems which need to be addressed to all people (even sheep) and also help people become a little more skeptical of powerful governments. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone, even if they were not interested in politics and history. I would also like to read other books by Orwell because of his deep, yet easy to understand context. I still have some questions from the book: was the Major pig in the beginning Karl Marx or Lenin, or both? While many argue he was Lenin, I am somewhat puzzled by that explanation since the Major was not portrayed as malicious. I also wondered if the animals at the end of the book rise up yet again, or were there none smart enough left to lead a revolution against the pigs. Lastly, would the pigs resort to eating the other animals like humans? Beef-it's what's for dinner on animal farm."
"On the surface, and in its purest form, Communism would seem like the perfect form of government.  A society where everyone is equal and the government provides for all would appear to be utopian existence.  However, advocates of Communism and those responsible for its application failed to take into account one important `X-factor'... the human element.  Human nature is competitive.  It is instinctive to want to gain an edge and make one's self better, and to have control over one's own destiny.  That's why, on paper, Communism works, but in practice, it failed miserably.  The Soviet Union from 1917 to 1991 (from the Bolshevik Revolution to the collapse of the USSR) was the glaring example of the worst application of this form of government.  Everyone being equal and dependent on the government meant that a few unscrupulous individuals could corrupt the system for their own gains and at the expense of the people.  Josef Stalin reign of terror over the Soviet Union is the most atrocious occurrence of this.This little history lesson is necessary to provide to background to and understand the inspiration for George Orwell's masterpiece, ""Animal Farm"".  Orwell, himself was an advocate of pure Socialism (which has many similarities to Communism).  However, during his involvement during the Spanish Civil War (I believe that was the name of this conflict) in 1937, he learned how this system could be perverted when Stalin-supported Socialists took partial control of Spain's government and began suppressing opposition in terrifying ways.  During the 1940's when the world was at war with Germany and enamored with the Soviet Union (because of they were exacting sufficient damage upon the German war machine), Orwell wrote ""Animal Farm"" as a parable of the best intentions of the rebellion gone awry.""Animal Farm"" focuses on the rebellion of a group of farm animals who grew tired of the perceived mistreatment at the hands of their master, Farmer Jones.  Inspired by an idealistic colleague and prodded by a few unscrupulous pigs, the animals revolted and took control of farm.  Once the farm was in animal control, the two lead pigs, Napoleon and Snowball took command of the farm and set about establishing a society where the animals were responsible for their own well being and beholden to no one else.  Alas, petty jealousies, scandalous activities, and gross manipulation of the minds and emotions of the lesser animals lead to the new society being just as bad, or worse, than the previous one.  The famed line in book becomes ""All animals are created equal.  But, some animals are more equal than others"".It's impossible to read this book and not see the very graphic parallels between the Animal Farm and Stalinist Russia.  In each case, the peasants (or lesser animals) were goaded into rebellion to throw off leaders that were perceived to be oppressive.  The respective rebellions were bathed in romanticism and idealism.  Yet, in each case, the new society that grew out of the rebellions proved to be worse than the one that preceded it.  The pig Napoleon is seen as the representation of Josef Stalin.  Most of the other animals are representations of the terrified populace of the Soviet Union which suffered under Stalin, but was either too scared or too ignorant to stand up for themselves.""Animal Farm"" finds itself as a regular institution on many high school reading lists.  That should not dissuade adults from picking up this novel.  It is as relevant a cautionary tale today as it was more than half a century earlier."
"Animal Farm (book/film)You have the option to choose between two kinds of ""Animal Farm"". The book and the film. As you perhaps know, there are some differences between the film and the book.First there is the book, it has no real narrator. But in the film, Jessy is the narrator and tells us all the feelings of the animals. But in the book the author gives us all the feelings of the other animals. The film is different in some scenes. For example the meeting at the beginning is really different. In the book everything is explained very well. Ther e you get to know where everyone takes a seat or is standing around during the assambly. But there is an other difference. The death of Old Major is an other one than in the book. In the film Old Major is shot by Mr. Jones. The revolution in the film isn`t a true revolution. The revolution is only because of the hunger on the farm. They walk up to the granary and are caught by the humans. There was a small fight between animals and humans and the animals defeated the humans. But Mr. Jones didn`t flee into the city as it was told by the narrator of the book. He fled  to the neighbour farm on which he has a one night stand with the wife of the owner of the farm, which is an other difference.When the farm was quonquered by the animals and the farmers weren`t able to win it back, the farmers overheart the animals and decided to trade with the animals. Close to the end of the film the pics used a film to explain that they are good leaders. In the book they only used their mouth. The last difference between book and film is the end. First Jessy fled with other animals, stayed some years away and when they came back, the pics were dead and a new owner came to the farm. In the book there is just an open end.To put it in a nutshell, the film is much better than the book. Maybe it is because you don`t have to think that much about the things that happen. But I think the film is more effective in expressing the feelings of the animals and delivering the allegorical background."
"A classic of course.  Seems like it was written in the 1940's as a prophetic warning to us in the 21st century!  Especially applicable since January 20, 2009."
Great book to read. Especially if you're originally from a third world country ruled by tyranny you will be able to point out the similarities quite clearly.
"A fairy tale or a nightmare? It all began with a dream by Major, a Middle White boar, of equality, and freedom from oppression. Maybe not in our life comrade, but eventually.The dream brings a song. Intolerable conditions lead to revolution. As time passes things change; not exactly as planned.There are two striking parts to this tale that stand out. First when Boxer is sent to the hospital and Benjamin reads the side of the van ""Horse Slaughterer."" Secondly there was a party in the farm house as the pigs were playing cards with the men, two aces of spades showed up. An argument ensues. Then the creatures outside looking in as they ""...looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again drew a realization..."""
"The story of Animal Farm is written by George Orwell. In the story Old Major calls a meeting of the animals to discuss his dreams. Old Major wants the animals to stop being slaves. Then Major teaches them the Beasts of  England song. Sadly, Old Major died, but his dreams were still alive with  the animals. Old Major's dream was called Animalism. Next, the humans are  run off the farm. The animals are upset because the farmer was not feeding  them. Then Napoleon, the leader of the farm, gets rid of Snowball by having  ""his dogs"" attack and chase Snowball off the farm. Also, Napoleon  takes away the last signs of the rebellion. He changes the name of the farm  back to Manor Farm. Finally, Napoleon and the other pigs turn into humans.  They walk on their hind legs, wear clothes, and talk. All in all, Animal  Farm is a sad story.  I would suggest that adults and teenagers read  Animal Farm. One thing I liked about the book was that the animals  demonstrated good team work. The animals carried in the harvest and they  helped rebuild the windmill that a storm destroyed. Another thing I enjoyed  was Old Major's character. All the animals really looked up to him.  Finally, I liked the idea of all animals or humans being  ""comrades"". We should all learn to be friends. I would definitely  read this book again."
"George Orwell's Animal Farm is a magnificent allegory of the Russian revolution in a thrilling short novel. Old Major, an old boar, speaks out his dream of an equal community of animals without the power hungry humans. As this dream becomes a reality characters change, like their great leader Napoleon ( a boar), who becomes more and more like the despised Farmer Jones, who was a tyrant at his time at the farm. Boxer (a horse) a loyal determined worker and Squealer a lying henchman of Napoleon cross destinies horribly. Napoleon rules murderously with evil henchmen at his side to make the other animals fear his presence everywhere. When you read the book you will feel the annoyances and the irritation when the pigs lie to the other animals. Orwell takes you on a roller coaster of emotion, which you never forget. The book is steeped in Soviet history, as if Orwell was a fortuneteller in his time. As you read the book you can see the writer knew a lot about the corruption of power. The novel is a great read for anyone who enjoys a good book even they it has the underlining of the momentous occasion, the Russian Revolution. Animal Farm can be read as a fairytale for the young majority but for the older readers a political novel, I fully advise anybody to read Animal Farm because of the sheer greatness that the pages echo."
"At first, I thought that Animal Farm was a fairy tale because it used simple words and animal characters. However, when I reached the middle part of this book, the plot was similar to the Russian Revolution (taught in F.3 history lessons).This book was amazing good, because the words were understandable. The book was easy to read but hard to put it down. I can really understand the meaning of communism, capitalism and I found that History was not boring anymore, but it was too late, as I did not take History in F.4.Orwell made me think, that the story was parallel with the Russian Revolution. He showed me the negatives side of politics and the mirror to the real humanity.The Seven Commandments were laid down, and then the animals were forced into slave labour. Soon, the revolution began with four legs good, two legs bad but ends with four legs good, two legs better. It was ironic and proved that Power Corrupts. Selfishness was exposed in Napoleons character. Napoleon claimed that he was in charge for the benefit of everyone but actually helping himself. I think that equality is an easy theory but sometimes difficult to maintain in reality. At last, I recommend this book to everyone who is interested in historical story, as this book is short and it will not take you much time."
Very good read.Disturbing.
It's one of those books that simply must be read. It's perfection on many levels that I cannot describe. It's short so you have no excuse not to read it.
"The animals on the manor farm are tired of being treated like slaves and after hearing a speech from an old pig named Major about a revolution and a place where the animals were in charge, they actually thought about doing something about it.  They ran Mr. Jones and his men out of the Manor Farm and changed the name to Animal Farm, the pigs take control of things since they are the smartest they use their wits to get their way out of working and little special benefits that they gave themselves.In the beginning things didn't seem that bad, the animals were somewhat equal with the exception of the pigs not working, two of the pigs would plan things out and the other animals would vote on which idea they liked better.  Then one of the pigs got greedy and chased the other one out and took control of the farm things went down hill from there.  Even though the other animals were being treated worse then they were when Jones ruled the farm they never complained because of false figures the pigs would give them and tell them how much better things were.This was a great read enjoyable at some parts and chilling at others.  I recommend this book to anyone who has read any other of the George Orwell books or any one looking for a good book to read."
Always one of my favorite books
if u read this when u were young u must read it again.  it is a story with many layers which are wonderful to get through and think about
"Don't get me wrong, this is a FANTASTIC book. Orwell delivers a spectacular critique of communism. My issue came from the book itself. Though its a ""Centennial Edition"" the extra price you pay for a fancy cover and a new forward is just not worth the few extra dollars I paid. Save your money and try and get a copy of this great book without all the junk."
"This book is a ferocious satire of a state with a one party system, built originally on the principle that 'all animals are equal'.The ideals of the revolution are quickly betrayed and the one party state turns into a work-camp. First, one ethnic group takes control of the system and after, one individual within this group wields dictatorial power.To consolidate his power, the dictator controls the media (spreading false information and blatant lies), organizes fake elections (one candidate only), creates fear and terror through forced confessions and public executions, puts all internal problems on the back of foreign agents, rewrites history and erases the memory of his old revolutionary companions.Orwell's perfect model was Stalin's USSR.The choice of the roles of the different kinds of animals is not less than brilliant.Unfortunately, this deadly satire is still very topical today. Most of the world's independent states are ruled partially, or even totally, as a copy of Orwell's nation of sheep, dogs, workhorses and pigs, with one pig more equal than all other animals together.A must read."
"Although written decades ago, still very relevant in today's context. Applies to almost all spheres of life - a very entertaining read."
A must read for every human.
Great book at a great price.
Both me and my son loved it.
Superb and much appreciated.
Received item as advertised.
good quality.  good service.
A book every child should read.
Exactly as advertised.  Thanks.
"I've heard about this book for so many years that I thought I'd finally buy it (CD).  It was ok, but nothing I couldn't have lived without hearing."
"Pigs and men sitting at a table together? What is the matter with this picture? In the book Animal Farm, by George Orwell, the Manor Farm is set in England. The farm animals kick out their master and decide to wage war with the human race if they try to return to the farm. The animals rename the farm Animal Farm.Snowball is the leader of the Animal Farm in the begining of the book, but a boar named Napoleon chases him out of the farm and convinces all the animals that he is evil.The horses, Clover and Boxer, and the donkey named Benjamin start to suspect that Napoleon is lying, but the over feed pig Squealer always makes up a good excuse.In the end of the book there is a scene with pigs and men sitting at the same table drinking whisky and playing cards. But the animals looking through the window can't tell who is who.This book is a very interesting book with and includes funny parts some serious parts and some sad parts. Animal Farm is also a little confusing at times; therefore, it is a little hard to follow.Animal Farm is very interesting because of all of the surprises. George Orwell makes you feel like you're inside the story.I recommend this book to people who like cliffhangers and surprises.."
"A great read!  I enjoyed this book as I did with Harper Lee's TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD and Jackson McCrae's BARK OF THE DOGWOOD. Great, all of them!"
"In the book Animal Farm,animals take control of the farm.The animals get tired of suffering and working hard every day giving the last atom of their strengh without getting enough food.Therefore,the animals got together and said that they are not going to continue in miserable conditions.They decided that they were going to get rid of of the human owners of the farm. The animals took over the farm by fighting against the owners.When the animals took over the farm,they did not even know how to read or write except the pigs,but at the end everybody learned to work hard and they built a windmill.Everything was working great on the farm until a pig named Napoleon took over more power,and started changing the rules.Napoleon started to drink beer and started to sleep in the house,which no animal was allowed to do.Then he change the commandments.Then everything started to fall apart,humans and pigs started drinking beer together,playing cards together,and animal lived and slept inside the house.  I think this book was interesting and that at the same time we learned what was the Russian Revolution,because this book was based on the Russian Revolution.I really enjoyed reading this book.Now this is one of my favorite books."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell was an interesting allegory of the philosiphy and consequences of revolution and Communism.  The Utopian ideas of old Major are presented to a fickle assemble of a wide range of intelligence and interpretations. They all willingly take to heart the dying words of the symbolic equvilent of Karl Marx.  Maxims and songs are created to instill the beliefs into the animals.  Then, the are set free of their tyrannical human and set ""free"" as the dead pig had prophesized.  In truth, the were still bound by their economical needs and eventually themselves.Leadership plays a key role in this politically jaged fable.  The pigs were always the smartest and most literate. Therefore, it was ""only natural"" for them to take charge.  They abused the mild amount of control given to them and proved the maxim of absolute power corrupting absolutely.  With no one to despute the pigs drew more and more power.It was an excellent book.  Adressed as a fable written for adults, the book excelled far surpassed my expectations.  If you want to find out what happens to the ruling class of the pigs and how the rest of the fickle farm handles this, you should read this short book."
Great meaning behind the book.
One of the gems in literature.
Great Book...very interesting.
Need we say more...we live in times that seem to make Orwell especially prophetic...read it in HS and re-reading it was a epiphany.
"Following finishing ""1985"", I was enamored by Orwell and his own political views and decided to pick up ""Animal Farm"" as another read. Much to my surprise, ""Animal Farm"" was SIGNIFICANTLY shorter than ""1985"" (about 40 pages paperback). The text is also at a good size so I did not have any issues with eye strain.""Animal Farm"" is a reflection of the Cold War with many of its characters being based off of real life figures and symbolism pertaining to Communism, the proletariat class vs. the bourgeoisie, etc.. I don't particularly want to spoil anymore details, however the book is quite violent and Orwell is talented at detailing the violence at a visceral level, so it's not exactly a kids book despite the cutesy title. Regardless, it's a very easy read, anybody who reads at a middle school level or has little historical knowledge can enjoy ""Animal Farm"".Was the short story worth it? Even though that ""Animal Farm"" was indeed short, I have no regrets for purchasing it. It is one of Orwell's best works and I recommend it."
Orwell's Animal Farm is fantastic.  Its symbols are easy to pick up and I just couldn't put it down.  One of my favorite books.
Weird and intersting story.
"Excellent, well paced book."
School books for the mind!!
Student reading assignments
Read this in a few hours yesterday and found the russian revolution through animals' eyes so very genius. Definitely worth it!
"Cindy Hunt  Book Review  9/29/98Animal  Farm by George Orwell  is about a bunch of animals trying to outsmart a  human race, and  develop their own way of life.  The animals create their  own government based on the principles of ""animalism."" Animalism becomes  their way of creating laws, laws that will eventually destroy their small  animal community. Disaster results when a war between humans and animals  breaks out, causing injury and death.What lies ahead will be  suicide and executions as a result of control. One powerful animal will  take advantage of the whole farm.  The animals live a fearful life, obey  every command or die.  The animals soon learn that their determination will  be the only thing that will keep them alive.This book is easy to read.  Animal farm is a story of control, determination, and hardship. A story for  all ages to enjoy, it also makes for great discussion.  Animal Farm is  absolutely enjoyable."
Animal farm explains the vicious cycle of power among societies and the way in which fears play against us and controls us!
Make your kids read this
A must read for everyone
Must read for everybody.
Dry read. Yet good read.
great way to buy a book.
A must read for everyone
"A book for the ages.  A ""Must read"" for today.  Orwell nailed it by predicting the future - our future."
"""Animal Farm "" is a true story with fictional protagonists. It tells the story of the rise of Communism and the Second World War. Instead of persons who play in this story there are animals. That's why the book is called ""Animal Farm"". I'm not very good at history and I'm not very interested in it. But with this book I really grasped the historical facts with Stalin and Lenin and all these persons. I enjoyed reading this book and I can really recommend it. ""Animal Farm "" is a true story with fictional protagonists. It tells the story of the rise of Communism and the Second World War. Instead of persons who play in this story there are animals. That's why the book is called ""Animal Farm"". I'm not very good at history and I'm not very interested in it. But with this book I really grasped the historical facts with Stalin and Lenin and all these persons. I enjoyed reading this book and I can really recommend it."
"I read this for fun (wasn't assigned it in school, but did choose it for a project later once), and really enjoyed it. In this book, a farm's population--led by its intelligent pigs--overthrows the dictator (the farmer) and tries to run itself. Each animal represents a type of people in society if you look closely enough. At first they embrace their difference from humans--""Four legs good, two legs baaaaad!""--and keep to some principles agreed upon early in the animals' reign, but mysteriously certain rules start changing at the whims of those in charge. As alliances change and traitors emerge, loyalties shift and the balance of power moves about. Eventually, it's very tough to tell if the new power is any different from the old one. . . .Brilliant book, and one of the only books I've ever read featuring intelligent animals that I liked (the others I can think of right now being Charlotte's Web and Watership Down )."
"This book, while funny in itself and its meaning, is even funnier if you know anything about the author. George Orwell is a pen name of Eric Blair, an advocate of socialism. Blair wrote this book to SUPPORT socialism, thinking that by showing how socialism became communism, he could show that communism was what was wrong, not socialism. Unfortunately, all he did was to show that socialism devolves into communism, making people wary of BOTH socialism and communism, thus his own book hindered his own cause.I will not ever comment on the storyline and its relation to communism other than to say that it is very well done and provides an excellent simplification of what communism in Russia did. Others have already posted more than most of you probably want to read about its meaning, so I will not even bother starting on it.In short, this is a quick and delightful read which I highly reccomend to people of nearly all ages."
"REVIEW OF GEORGE ORWELL'S""ANIMAL FARM""By: VIC CURTIS, Thomas Stone High School, Waldorf, MD Animal Farm, by George Orwell, is a pretty dark fiction where animals take on human personalities.  Mr. Jones was a farmer who took care of the animals.  The animals wanted to be free.  Basically, the animals were angry because Farmer Jones would take eggs from the chickens, would butcher the pigs for meat, milk the cows, work the horses, etc.  The animals were fed up with the way they were being treated and rose up and took control of the farm.  The animals had decided that they would run the farm themselves, but unfortunately, they acted just as badly, or worse, than the humans they despised!!  The animals in the story turned on each other and seemed to forget what cause -- freedom -- they had banded together for!  One particularly strong-willed and clever pig, named Napoleon, became the leader of the farm after the humans were gone.  ""The pigs did not actually work, but directed and supervised the others.""  The pigs taught themselves how to read and write and had developed and written down ""The Seven Commandments.""  They are:  ""(1) Whatever goes upon 2 legs is an enemy; (2) Whatever goes upon 4 legs, or has wings, is a friend; (3) No animal shall wear clothes; (4) No animal shall sleep in a bed; (5) No animal shall drink alcohol; (6) No animal shall kill another animal; and (7) All animals are equal.""  The animals eventually broke all these Commandments they were supposed to live by.  Napoleon realized that power (electricity) was useful and something that they needed to have, so the animals decided they should constuct a windmill.  It took 2 years to build.  The winter was coming and food was scarce.  All the animals survived through the winter with little food.  They were so worried about getting the windmill up that food production was slowed.  They had focused on one thing and forgot about other basic necessities.  Snowball, one of the other pigs who was run off of the farm by Napoleon's dogs, secretly returned and plotted to kill Napoleon and take over the farm.  Napoleon found out about this plot and gathered the animals together.  He asked all the farm animals to confess any bad things they had done.  Several animals, mostly the chickens, said they had stolen food and some said Snowball had talked to them about killing Napoleon.  Napoleon passed judgment and killed every animal that had confessed.  He said that it had to be done for a better farm but in doing this, he broke one of the Commandments.  He killed other animals.  The animal society was in chaos.  They did not follow their own Commandments and acted no better than the humans they thought were so evil.  Napoleon started sleeping in beds and drinking alcohol; food was scarce because the animals spent most of their time trying to build the windmill, which got finished, was then destroyed, but then was re-built again; and all the animals were NOT equal -- the pigs had the higher authority and pretty much ran the others.  The animals gained their freedom temporarily but it did not last long for all the animals on the farm.  They were not treated equally.  After many years, the farm thrived under the supervision of Napoleon and the ""ruling class"" animals.  There was only 1 Commandment left ""All Animals Are Equal, But Some Animals are More Equal Than Others.""  The animals that ran the farm (the pigs) slept in beds, wore clothes, drank alcohol, and carried switches in their mouths while the other ""lesser"" animals did all the work.  Mr. Orwell's description of the characters and their actions are as dark as the characters themselves.  ""When they had finished their confession, the dogs promptly tore their throats out and in a terrible voice Napoleon demanded whether any other animal had anything to confess.""  There always seemed to be tension in this new animal society and still there was no true freedom for many of the animals.  Napoleon and the other pigs that ran the farm became just like Farmer Jones.  ""The creatures outside looked from pig to man and man to pig, and from pig to man again, but already it was impossible to say which was which."""
"After completing the text, I detested the book. I couldn't see the relation between this book and the world of reality (at this stage I had no knowledge of the Russian Revolution(RR)). But when, after countless hours of studying the book in-depth within class, I finally saw how closely the plot of Animal Farm, mirrored events of the RR, so closely in fact that this book could easily be mistaken for being part of the high school History sylabus for study of the RR.But, as this book carries such in-depth meanings concerning communism and morales, I don't believe it makes a good leisure reading book.In order to benefit most from this book, a general knowledge of events within the RR would be essential either before or after you read the book. Some of you may be thinking, why the hell should we read this book to find out about the RR when we're supposed to know about it anyway, but Orwell has entwined events, his own ideas and displays the problems of communism all within a fantasy world where animals take the place of humans and a farm symbolises the country of Russia anfd this to me makes all the difference between a history book and a novel with a factual background.All begins well when the animals adopt the social structure of communism and the farm prospers. But things start going uphill from there as animals, symbolising the workers and commonfolk of Russia, rebel, produce disapears and all animals except the pigs lose more and more responsibility for the organisation of the farm until at last the pigs, symbolising the leaders of Russia, gain complete control of the farm and begin to strip the farm of its produce.Though I had no background knowledge at all on the RR, I predicted the climax of the book from the end of chapter three. So as I read and read, I felt confined and wanted to yell at the animals as I though it was obvious as to how the book would finish and also that the animals seemed so daft because they let the pigs hoodwink them. Yet though the book was predictable, by the completion of the majority of our study I have to say that I now have readjusted my opinion and POV, and can say I've enjoyed the book."
Opened my eyes to the world. Life changing
The font on this book was incredibly small
Clean and useful I was sadisfaid thank you
but some books are more equal than others.
"Needed for school - gently used, no marks."
So glad to have this classic from my past.
"Animal Farm is an imaginatively suspenseful novel based on communism and socialism. Although the characters in the story are farm animals, they represent influential figures of the Russian Revolution.  In the midst  of an unsettling atmosphere between farmer and animals, Old Major, a  prize-winning boar, as well as a metaphor of Karl Marx, spreads the idea of  a utopian society and a rebellion among the animals. The animals, never  before charismatic enough to think of this vision themselves, seize the  very first chance that comes up to drive the tyrant farmer Mr. Jones (Czar  Nicholas II), his wife, and the farm hands out of the farm. The other pigs  feed off his inspiration, and are eventually overcome with greed, using it  to benefit themselves, instead of following through on the Old Major's  original proposal. In the long and short of it, some pigs lead a revolt  against people, act like jerks, and play poker.  George Orwell creates  a satire in his book Animal Farm, ridiculing the Russian government in the  shadow of his words. His book warns against totalitarianism, which is  displayed through the pig's slowly growing power over the animals after the  riddance of the previous dictator, Mr. Jones. However, this is not the only  work portraying Orwell's view of Soviet Communism. His previous novel, 1984  displays yet more depth into the author's view into the so-called idea of a  utopian society. He believes ""although socialism is good as an ideal, it  can never be successfully adopted due to uncontrollable sins of human  nature."" Orwell's fable is a must read, however, to make full sense of this  novel, I would only recommend this book to mature audiences of at least  thirteen or over."
"Enough praise cannot be put on Animal Farm. This spot on allegory of the inept leadership and masses is a must read... for anyone educated enough to see the meaning behind the ""talking pigs."""
"Like the first books of Gulliver's Travels, where Swift's pointed satire on English-French rivalry have been lost in the striking idea of tiny people and giant people, so this allegory of the 'dictatorship of the proletariat' has quite lost its political point against the power of the story. The equation of pigs with the Bolsheviks, the pig Napoleon with Stalin and Snowball with Trotsky is ultimately quite unnecessary to enjoyment of the story - exactly like 'Gulliver's Travels'. Yet the point was not lost on the people of the 1940s, nor on the oppressed people of Eastern Europe and Russia, who read the book in secret. Nor was the point lost on fellow-travellers in the West who made Orwell struggle to have it published. This is the only English book (along with 1984) guaranteed to have been read by every Russian dissident. That in itself is a monument to Orwell. This book will last as long as Swift's, possibly longer."
"I just finished reading this for fun, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I found myself, as I read it, to really connect to the characters.  Especially Clover, although I would have done something about all the wrong doings the pigs were doing.  I found myself hating the pigs and wanted to rip their throats out.  If I were one of the animals, I would have revolted against Napoleon.  The clincher for me was when the pigs started walking on their hind legs.  Although I was surprised that the animal's memory was that bad.  I always thought that dogs were just as smart or smarter then the pigs.  At least my dog is anyway.  They seemed like a bunch of idiots that wouldn't know how to eat if they weren't told how too.  But one thing still confused me about the whole issue with Snowball.  I mean was he really a traitor, or did Napoleon just make that all up?  All in all, I really enjoyed this book, and recomend it to everybody."
Great political satire.
"Nice book, inspiring!!!"
Awesome book! Fun read.
"<b>Animal Farm</b> by George Orwell3 StarsThis is one of those books that scarcely needs an introduction. Orwell's classic satire tells the story of a revolution gone wrong. When the animals of Manor Farm revolt, taking control, they initially set-up the perfect democracy. The two leaders of their rebellion are two well educated pigs, Napoleon and Snowball, who cannot be counted on to agree about anything. It is their disagreements that will eventually lead to the demise of what had once promised to be a step towards complete freedom.While I enjoyed this more than 1984, I still can't say that I really enjoyed it. It was well-written, and I particularly came to like Clover and Boxer, the two horses. That said the story itself was just meh, it did not much interest or excite me. After reading his two most famous novels, I think it is fair for me to say that Orwell is just not for me."
Great condition thanks
The font are too small
Classic and prophetic.
"This book treats a very interesting issue which is, in my opinion, still very current. It is about a revolution with a totalitarian regime following afterwards. This was and is still very likely to happen today. The book gets partly boring, that is in the middle of it when it is described how things get worse for the animals but nothing actually happens. I think it is useful and important to read the book, but it is not to be read if you want something enjoyable."
"Amazing how such a small book can contain. Yes, humanity has always been  so eager to believe what the leaders said that it has  often blinded itself  (and will again and again).A fable that actually works. An introduction  to Orwell/Blair, that I do find more brilliant than 1984 in its  sharpness.Definitely worth reading, and probably re-reading again and  again."
"I was pessimistic when our Literature teacher assigned us this book. But after finishing the first two chapters, I couldn't put it down. The representations of Josef Stalin and his nemesis, Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky to the pigs Napolean and Snowball was amusing. Orwell established good characterization from the very beginning. One of the best classics I've ever read"
The book came dirty with something on the cover. I was able to clean it.
It about a farm animal that did like the farmer and out throw the farmer
"The way George Orwell elaborated on the views and personaliteiess of each animal can not be ever re-created.  It has replaced Jurassic Park as my favorite book and continues to create images in my mind of the times of Animal(Manor) Farm.  An obvious 10.  I reccommend it to anyone who would like to know about Communisssm, Totalitarianism, Dictatorship, Propaganda, etc."
Words words words words words words words words words words words words
"Orwell paints a stunning portrait of communism in this satire.  It was so powerful, I am habing my 13 year old and 10 year old read it as well.In case you are wondering, it is called ""A Fairy Story"" because Orwell loved fairies apparently.  I guess you could also think of it as ""A Fairy Tale"" as it is pretty much written in that fashion."
"Reading this in my 40s, I have the knowledge and experience to appreciate the political and social satire that had to be force-fed to me in high school. Its eerie how well Orwell predicted all the horrible policies of Chairman Mao in this book. When they say that those who dont learn history are doomed to repeat it  they arent just talking about summer school."
"It is certainly the work of brilliance most people say it is. What I found most amazing is how concisely Orwell portrays the entire rise and fall of a civilization. It is a wonderful, and very sad, portrait of humanity, through the guise of animals. I think it also has something to say about animals themselves, and our treatment of them. Definitely recommended."
"For being a short novel, it contained a great abundance of symbolism, and theme.  When I read it, I just couldn't stop flipping the pages.  Orwell makes these seemingly simple farm animals come to life, and their story is almost believeable.  Also, he makes the reader think, and compare the situation in teh book to reality's situation.  It's an incredible book."
Great classic it is a great book to read again and if you have not read it then do it it will help you understand pilitics
Arrived in good condition.
school book is being used.
"This book shows how any ideology, however altruistic, eventually grows rotten as a political organization administers it."
"This is an entertaining parable about the rise of Stalinist Russia. Aside from its history, it is an entertaining story."
"When I was in school, I became very interested in the ""negative  utopia"" stories, like ""1984"" and ""Brave New  World"".  Like ""1984"", ""Animal Farm"" contains many  of the same cynical and merciless attacks on social order and rank  established by decree.  Strangely enough, when I think of this story today,  I think of my workplace, where ""managers"" are accorded special  privilege, coddled, and treated with honor (for having to do the  all-important ""brain work""), while the legions of laboring  ""workers"" simply go home every day saying ""I will work  harder"".  This, of course, is the precise cynicism that has propelled  the comic strip ""Dilbert"" to such fame, since it can be so true.  ""Animal Farm"", therefore, was one of my better preparations in  school for the reality of the working world, for it told me never to trust  the self-proclaimed ""leaders"" much farther than I could throw  them."
Gorge Orwell is a genius.
Great value for the price
I've read it many times since first discovering it as a teenager and will probably re-read it every few years or so.
"Animal farm is a classic that everyone is sure to enjoy. No matter what age, you will fall in love with this book!"
In great condition
Simply brilliant!!
"The book ""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell, was a great book. The book was about a farm that was taken over by the animals. When the animals take over they decide to keep it under control. The only problem is that it just like before only instead of the owner (Mr.Joans) it's the two young pigs napoleon and snowball. Another problem is napoleon and snowball are agents each other cause snowball wants the farm to be a democracy and napoleon wanted it to be a communism.  This book shows great symbolism with animals and forms of government. It shows totalitarianism, communism, democracy, and anarchy. I think this is a good book for guys that are interested in destruction and action."
"Animal Farm is a pretty good book. Though it's meant to be a childrens book, it's still a little hard. My English class had to read it in the 9th grade, and after reading each chapter we talked about it and did projects on it. I found the whole time (about 3 weeks!) of reading this short book to be incredibly boring. I think though that if you read it in just a few sittings you will probably enjoy it more than I did. It's a lot like Charlotte's Web, and as I was reading Animal Farm, I discovered that E.B. White basically copied Animal Farm in writing Charlotte's Web. If you're a fan of Charlotte's WEb or just an animal and book fan in general, you will probably like this book."
"I hadn't thought much about Animal Farm since I wrote an essay on it for English class in tenth grade.  But now, in my first year of college now, I just read the book again for my English class.  My friend's parents work in publishing, and she gave me an advanced copy of a book attacking Orwell's idea.  The book is called Snowball's Chance, by John Reed, and has gotten some attention here in New York.  It got me to thinking that in some ways he's right to not like Animal Farm, because Animal Farm does sort of blame the Russians, as if we don't have a lot of problems of our own.  But I liked Animal Farm, too, because the Russians really did have an oppressive system."
Well worth a read
classic must read
"First when I started reading animal farm, I enjoyed getting more and more through the story. It was interesting to get to know how the animals plan the rebellion and how the pigs gain power. Furthermore I liked to figure out the parallels to the Russian revolution. The book wants to deliver an important message, but the problem is that the book gets more and more boring. To the end there are no more new ideas. The windmill is builded three times and broke down two times. If the book wouldn't get so boring to the end I could highly recommend it, but if you want to read it completely, you sometimes have trouble to keep your eyes open, nevertheless have a try!"
"An excellent novel that in some ways, as many have said, is a condensed summary of 1984, and the horror of ""unconscious greed for power"" really sinks in as the book progresses, and I found myself moved by the injustice of Napoleon, and pity for the creatures who could not bring words to their feelings, partly out of inability, and largely out of fear.An excellent and essential read, one that is short enough for anyone to get through, even perhaps the most reluctant of readers, showing us that when any revolution of good intention is achieved, its followers ought to discard any semblance of leadership altogether if they are to truly exist as all-equal."
"A very detailed parody of The Russian Revolution.Major (Lenin), Snowball (Trosky), Napoleon (Stalin), Farmer Jones (The Romanovs/Alexander Krensky), The Human Farms (Western Europe/United States), The Dogs (CHEKA/KGB), The Windmill (The various ill-conceived/ill-managed state projects made during The 20's and 30's), Mollie (Pre-Revolution Captialists/The Middle Class), Moses (The Russian Clergy)...it's all there.Orwell wrote it so well that it can be applied to The French and American Revolutions as well.....and to the current American political climate. Is Bush Orwell's Major with Ashcroft as Napoleon and Powell as Snowball...or is Bush really Napoleon..?Only time will tell...Bobby Ballistic,author"
"What a guy, Orwell wins the prize for the most depressing writer in living history. I love this book, just as I do ""1984"". If you feel down and want to know if you can sink any lower, then buy this and  ""1984"" and spend an afternoon realising that your troubles are  nothing."
What money and power do to people's (and animals') minds.
"fast shipping, exactly as described, would recommend A+++"
Very good book.  I love the word usage.  My daughters vocabulary is going to be awesome.  She is 12 yrs. old and is doing great in her reading class.  I would recommend this book highly to parents that want to enhance their childes vocabulary and here their interpretation of the book.
Great little book with several illustrations throughout.
"Book came exactly as described. Also, a very great read."
"i read this way back in middle school ... i remembered that i liked the story although i could only remember the bare gist ... re-read it now in my late thirties, older and wiser that i am ... and i find the book brilliant ...  it's a quick and fast read ... highly recommend ..."
I wish I had the chance at reading this book years ago.
Nice to have the on kindle. teaching it to 12th graders
"This is an excellent paperback with great, original jacket artwork. We bought this for our daughter because she's in a stage production of Animal Farm and wanted to read the original book. We were pleasantly surprised with this high quality, economical edition of the classic."
"My daughter loved this book, I had read it in middle school years ago."
Still in the middle of the book. So far it is I am really enjoying it.
It's a great book. Orwell is the political writer of the 20th century.
"Good edition of the book.  Small, softcover.  Perfect for a home copy."
This book was required reading when I was in high school.  It is a very compelling commentary on the dangers of socialism and communism.  A must read for all who are interested in world politics.  The pigs are in the house.
Great read and great way to see how communism could develop anywhere!
Great read. Relevant for today as much as it was when it was written.
The story starts out childishly enough.  Some mistreated animals take over the farm from their cruel owner.  Soon we discover there is more to this story than just talking animals.  This story is a haunting example of the inheirent cruelty and chance for abuse that comes with Communism or any other form of governmet for that matter.  Read it to your kids
"A book I should have read in high school. (Class of 1965) Finally got around to it and  am glad I did. This little gem is more devastating than a hand grenade. No wonder the ""lefties"" can't stand it. I'm passing it along to my friends so they can make their grand kids read it. Something for them to think about before they commit to burning down a bank."
Easy read and an amazing metaphor to the rise of Stalinism/Leninism.
"I had to read this book for my English class. Although I already knew it it was again quite moving, especially the death of Boxer. This book also gives a good view on the reasons of the Revolution in Russia. The only thing I did not like about this book is the end. I think the pigs should have been punished for what they had done."
"I read this book within one day.  If you want to understand what is going on with our Country today, just pick up this book and it will help you understand what is going on in the simplest way possible.  This is one of the easiest books I've ever read.  I have passed this book on to relatives so that they may understand also."
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is an excellent dramatization of the late Soviet Revolution. The author depicts all characters as animals in a farm where all the events of the revolution take place. I was originally introduced to this writing by Orwell in of my English classes in College. It was on the textbooks I kept with my even after graduation.The author's style and sequencing of events is absolutely fabulous. This is a great reading full of inspiring quotes and many lessons to learn form.If you are interested in learning about the Soviet revolution in an easy and humorous way, then get your hands on this fascinating story."
"Animal Farm itself is a wonderful read and highly recommended.But, be careful what you buy.  My wife bought the Animal Farm book (ISBN 978-1440455865) and couldn't believe what was written on the front and back cover.  The front cover has a picture of George W. Bush and I thought ""uh oh, something is not right."".  Then I read the back cover and here is a portion of it:""In recent years, the book has been used to compare new movements that overthrow heads of a corrupt and undemocratic governmnt or organisation, only eventually to become corrupt and oppressive themselves as they succumb to the trappings of power and begin using violent and dictorial methods to keep it.  Such analogies have been used for many former African colonies such as Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, whose succeeding African-born rulers wre accused of being as corrupt as, or worse than, the European colonists they replaced.  In addition, the political depception and abuses of power of the Bush Administration fall into this category as well.""The book is badly re-printed and I wonder if it is even legal. The page numbers are cut off...only 1/4"" margins...almost childish.  I wonder if the text is modified in anyway to make a political point.What a way to ruin a classic.I'm returning it...I will not have a dime of my hard earned money go to cowards.  They don't even take credit or state who wrote that review."
"This book gives you an excitment. Together you and the animals can experiance a story filled with suspense, thrill and interest. Some important animals stand out from the other animals.Others just sit around in the story. Although the last two pages are boring, I still reccomend it. The ending will give you feelings of some of the bad things that are happening in our lives. The utopian society the animals try to create turns into monstorous problems. A nine fits this book for the suspense with interest and excitement. This book is meant for 6th graders and up because it has a true meaning of life now and in the future."
Very insightful.
Fun book to read
as it advertised
"The novel itself is 5-star worthy, but when you buy the product, make sure you get a version that suits your purposes.I bought a used copy to use at the school where I work, and it's full of notes made by a previous reader with their analysis of the writing style and the meaning of the story.  If your goal is for students to learn how to form their own opinions, having someone else's notes in the margins could be a hindrance (or a crutch!).  When the descriptions for the used books say things like ""may have some markings"", understand what that could mean.Next time, I'll buy a new one."
"Animal Farm is a great story because it appeals to both young kids, teenagers, and even adults.  Kids love the story because it is funny and has lots of twists in the story.  Teenagers and adults like the story because it explains the development of communism in a symbolic way.  Every character and every major event, such as when the pigs starve the rest of the animals, represents some part of the communist revolution in the Soviet Union.  The starving is symbolic to how the government was very wealthy and the people were starving and the economy was horrible.  Napoleon represented Stalin."
Used it for school.
"Poor George Orwell. He was a socialist and even fought for a socialist political party, the POUM, during the Spanish Civil War. POUM, incidentally, means ""Workers Party of Marxist Unification"". It was formed by the Spanish supporters of deposed Russian revolutionaries Leon Trotsky and Nikolai Bukharin. Orwell's famous novels ""1984"" and ""Animal Farm"" aren't anti-socialist either. However, they have been interpreted in that manner by many Americans, who apparently think that Orwell was some kind of Cold Warrior.You can see these misinterpretations in the customer reviews here at Amazon. Weirdly, ""Animal Farm"" has also been misunderstood by some as a children's story about nice little animals. Gee, guys, it's a political allegory for adults for crying out load!It's also interesting that many of the reviewers read the book in high school, which indicates that their teachers didn't get it either. My English-language teacher was a real Tory, but she did get it. I guess she assumed that telling the truth about ""Animal Farm"" makes the novel more interesting, which it sure does.""Animal Farm"" is anti-Stalinist, not ""anti-socialist"". Orwell believed in democratic, revolutionary socialism. He may have been nave, of course, but that was his actual position. In the novel, the oppressed animals of a certain farm stage a rebellion against the farmer, Jones. The rebellion is the Russian revolution, while Jones symbolizes the Czar. The animals are led by Old Major, a pig who symbolizes both Lenin and Marx. After the death of Old Major, a battle for control ensues between the pigs Napoleon and Snowball, obviously based on Stalin and Trotsky. The name ""Napoleon"" for the Stalinist pig is presumably based on Trotsky's accusation that Stalin was a ""Bonapartist"". Here, Orwell made an intentional or unintentional mistake, since the Marxist term ""Bonapartism"" originally referred to Louis Bonaparte, not Napoleon Bonaparte. (Of course, Orwell might have chosen the name for a more mundane reason: just as Napoleon ""betrayed"" the French revolution, so Stalin ""betrayed"" the Russian revolution.)In the novel, the pig Napoleon emerges victorious, and transforms the liberated Animal Farm into a new system of oppression by a combination of violence, propaganda and deceit. He also gradually changes the message of Old Major, eventually replacing his commandment ""All animals are equal"" with the classic line ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others"". In the last chapter, Napoleon's pig faction negotiates with humans, and as the other animals are looking in, they realize that the Napoleonic pigs have become so similar to humans, that they are impossible to tell apart. (In the novel, humans symbolize capitalists or monarchists.) Another classical part of the novel deals with the old horse Boxer, who symbolizes the Russian working class. Boxer is eventually sent away to the glue factory by Napoleon.In other words, it's a novel claiming that the true principles of Marx and Lenin were betrayed by Stalin. Neither more nor less. Deal with it.At the same time, both ""Animal Farm"" and ""1984"" are very pessimistic. I suspect Orwell became demoralized at the end of his life. ""1984"" describes a society that combines the worst aspects of capitalism and Stalinism, a society many intellectuals at the time believed was quite possible. The British working class is depicted in a very unfavourable way, and the only real resistance to Big Brother comes from individuals of the middle class. ""Animal Farm"" also contains veiled attacks on the working class. For instance, the old horse Boxer is sympathetic but stupid. And it's Boxer who symbolizes the workers... There are also unsympathetic sheep, who uncritically follow Napoleon. Finally, there is the smart but cynical donkey Benjamin, who some people believe symbolizes George Orwell himself!And now, let the attacks begin..."
"If you love this book, I would consider buying the unoffical soundtrack to the book.  Pink Floyd Animals.  Roger Waters based his lyrics of the album on this book and was inspired by the basis of Orwell's writings.  Pigs (Three Different Ones) was based on the pigs in the books.  Gluttoning themselves on Money and power.  (Ha, Ha, Charade you are).  Dogs became the merciless and ambitious players by selling out anyone to get to the top.  Sheep are the mindless followers who rise up by killing the dogs and finaly establishing themselves.  The book is great because it is almost the same as the album itself.  The only difference is the book is based on a view of Communism and the album is based on waters view of Capitalism."
"This book is a classic. You can sit down and read it in one afternoon. This is a must read for political science students. The Right and the Left both find this book an inspiration. It is about the nature of revolution and reform. It is cynical and insightful. I read it once over forty years ago, and I'm still bringing it up in conversations today. This is in the same class with - 1984. It is a book for the thinking person and you will be thinking about it for years. Oink oink here come the pigs!Books written by Richard Noble - The Hobo Philosopher:""Hobo-ing America: A Workingman's Tour of the U.S.A..""""A Summer with Charlie""""A Little Something: Poetry and Prose""""Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother"""
great classic read
always a good read
Another great book
A timeless classic
Classic ...love it
ordered for school
"I walked away from both ""1984"" and ""Animal Farm"" a bit depressed, but always with a new perspective on things. Its about the sharpest attack on Communism, the Russian revolution, and the Totalitarian  idea I've ever seen.....written by a man who was himself a Socialist! Don't  forget Orwell was not against Socialism itself, but the direction greedy  dictators like Joseph Stalin (or should I say Napoleon the pig?) were  taking it.This is the ultimate story of the betrayed revolution, and a  very good book that you can finish in one sitting. I highly recommend it."
Excellent book.
Brilliant work!
Worth the read!
Great condition
Excellent Book!
Great condition
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is a powerful testimony of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.The plot with the farm animals revolt to create the perfect society of their own. Based on the Russian Revolution and the subsequent events, Animal Farm proves to be an unique interpretation. Orwell's thoughts, shaped by his own personal experiences and surroundings, are evident is this piece. The horrors of a totalitarian regime areclear in the book. With the abundance of articulate symbolism and the convincing message, Animal Farm is a must read for all teen or older readers."
"'Animal Farm' is a fairy tale of sorts, a modern allegory on modern happenings, yet told in a fantastic and unbelievable way.  No, instead of political commentary or essays, or fiction that is apparent, Orwell chose  the realm of fantasy to make his points on Socialism and the human way.  Not sword and sorcery fantasy, but rather that classic mode of storytelling  that works so well, in which non-humans take up the role as humans, showing  us who we are while remaining distant from our image.  Facinating through  and through.And you get all that in less than 100 pages."
"The book,""Animal Farm"", was a very good book.It was basically a metaphor on the Russian Revolution of 1917. Many of the real life people in the revolution are portrayed as farm animals. For example, one of the people who had the idea of revolution is portrayed as a lazy, fat pig named Major.Many of the big events during the revolution were portrayed but in different ways.For instance, the battle of the windmill could have been like the workers storming the Czar's palace.You will fall in love and learn to hate the characters throughout the story. It was an excellent book."
Animal farm is about a bunch of animals who take over a farm. In this book pigs are the smartest of the animals so they are the leaders. All the animals work together working the land and harvesting the crops. The  leaders of all the animals are two pigs one named Napoleon and the other  named Snowball they are leaders because they are the smartest of the pigs.  Napoleon which is the more negative of the two starts to disagree with  snowball's ideas. Eventually Napoleon trains some dogs to be very mean and  they end up chasing Snowball of the farm for good. Now that snowball is  gone Napoleon gets power crazy and end's up killing many of his fellow  animals. Atthe end of the book Napolean walk's upright and dresses like a  human. At the begining of the book they were totally agianst this.I  highly recommend this book because it's easy to read and very interesting.
It really doesn't get much better than this.  Orwell was ahead of his time.  His books pack a wallop.
"Animal Farm is really short and accessible. The characters are what makes this book great. Who would have thought that you could feel attached to a couple of fictitious animals on a farm? Orwell makes them come alive, and really makes you feel angry, sad, and happy in relation to the ups and downs of these animals. Really amazing, actually. By the way, im not a high school student -- im a grad school student, starting my masters degree (just to show you that this book is for anyone and everyone). The only problem i had was the couple of times i found inconsistencies in the writing. i.e. Benjamin swatting the flies away from Boxer's face AT NIGHT! Did anyone else come across this? Who ever heard of flies at night in England? Anyways. All in all, it's an inexpensive book, and the message at the end is worth thinking over...you'll find it in the very last line."
"(Ayoung Heezy from Oakdeezy,this Book is of the Heezy). If you do not feel good, this book could make you feel better and get you back up on your feet. This Book was a good book because It tells you about the Revolutionary War but in another way using animals not people. In the book it has two sets of animals the sets are good animals and bad animals, It tells you about a Farm that was owned by a man and his wife called Mr. and Mrs. Jones, and hoe they held the animals badly on the farm and how the animals did not like it, so they had made a plan to get the owners off the farm. That's how they came up with that name ""Animal Farm"" Because the animals were the only creatures on the farm. I think if any body likes to learn new things in another way, they should read Animal Farm.See you later I'm out,A Young G call Big HenDeezy."
"I just recently finished ANIMAL FARM and loved it.  Some other reviewers have criticized it for being too short, but I think the shortness is a good thing.  No one wants a book that gives you a lot of fluff and filler nonsense, which ANIMAL FARM never comes close to doing. It is creative, dry, cynical, satirical and to the point.  The plot is reinforcing the quote, ""Absolute power corrupts absolutely,"" which is an important point to make to anyone of any age.  However, I don't think anyone under the age of a very intelligent, mature 10 or preferably 11 years would be able to appreciate this book to its fullest.  A younger child could read it, even though the vocabulary might be confusing, but he wouldn't understand it as deeply.  All in all, this is a deep but vastly entertaining read.  If you haven't read it, do so, and if you have, read it again."
"This book was awesome! It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole way through.The Animal Farm is an almost exact replica of the Bolshevik Revolution. For instance the Farm that the animals overtake represents Russia, and Old Major, Snowball, and Napoleon represent the prominant figures of the Bolshevik Revolution. I think I'm going to find out more about the Russian Revolution lol.Its an overall great read!"
"Animal Farm is a good book because it shows how on a regular farm the animals are mistreated and overworked. It also has an animal's point of veiw of how they are only fed enough to keep from dying. I think that the animals should stand up to that mean farmer. It was a good idea when they drank all of his beer to keep him from getting drunk. Farmer Jones should not be so careless twards his animals. Animal Farm has a great use of words.After Old Major, the lead pig, dies Snowball, Napoleon, and Squealer took over. They were crude. They sent Boxer, their hardest working horse, to the glue factory. The part I don't like is all of the death, fighting, and hatred. This book is good and bad. Read Animal Farm by:George Orwell to see for yourself. I do not recomend it for children under 10 because of the violence. I rate this book 4 stars."
great book and seller
my son liked the book
Perfect! Thank You!!!
"Good book, very fast & easy read (you can finish in about two days.)In short: A book about animals living on a farm who can talk, and overthrow the farm owner because they view man as evil. They form a government where all animals are equal but soon after pigs take a leadership role. The animals under the pigs are completely naive and oblivious as the constitution of the government is pejoratively changed and stricter and stricter rules are enforced. As years pass, the pigs become more and more like humans and, by the end, pig and man are indistinguishable if not worse."
"To adapt a historical political subject on the world of animals is actually a great idea, which G. Orwell realised in a quite funny and interesting way, but still the story didn't blow my head off, just because it was nothing new to me at all (we just had socialism in history when we read the book and we actually went into it far deeper than Orwell does in his book). For people who don't know that much about the whole thing Animal Farm is a great chance to learn something about Marx, Lenin, Stalin, Trotzki and their ways of thinking and acting, but not to be only amused."
"I first read this book in high school, and recently read it again at age 35.It was good when I read it in high school, and it is fantastic now that I am older and can really recognize the allegories and metaphors that are hidden throughout.  What a classic this is."
"This book is an animalian illustration of how humanity time and again uses power for evil.  Animal Farm is an important contradiction in itself because it shows how superiority and mental capacity on a higher  evolutionary level is not necessarily a qualification for supremacy.  This  book is a screenplay that is unfortunately and inveitably replayed everyday  and the nations of this world are the stages.  Not necessarily a  masterpiece, this book is a truthful guide into the faults of humanity.  The irony: it takes a group of beasts to guide us."
"Several of the books were damaged (torn pages, missing pages)."
Like it a lot.
best book ever
Excellent book
as description
nice thank you
good condition
"I liked the book a lot because it's very entertaining and it gives you a lot of background information on Russia's past. ""Animal Farm"" is easily written and it's a book you can read within about two hours and that fact encourages a lot of students, I can imagine. Unfortunately there's no happy ending for the Russian population, neither for the working animals in the book, a fact that makes the reader think about humanity. It's also very entertaining, especially the way the animals are describes and how they communicate."
"A story of an animal overtake of a farm is an excellent lesson on  government.  George Orwell creates multiple characters which each have a  different symbolical representation.  Similar to the lessons learned in  ""Lord of the Flies"", this tale of pigs attempting to run a farm  under the first attempt of communism, gives Orwells opinions on the success  of differnet forms of government.  This is a classic tale for younger kids  who wish to read a good story while learning much about differnt forms of  todays government."
"Animal Farm - a really fastidious and exciting book on which you can put yourself very good into the various characters. It was very pleasant to read. Especially the expiration of the Russian Revolution of 1905/06 was very good described. Once more our historical knowledge was tested and the speeches of the animals sounded very realistic, just as their doing was described with a breath of Reality. I normally dislike english books but this one fascinated me with its well-written story and the connections with the communism."
"My first impression of animal farm was not very good. I expected it to just be about ""Talking Animals!""Boy,was I wrong. It was so interesting.I could not put it down for a second. It's about animals who rebel against their owner because they are very mistreated.so they kick him off the Manor Farm,and claim it their very own ""Animal Farm"" throughout the story they learn about friendship,betrayal,and hard work.If you read this book it will teach you th meaning of life,love,and the meaning of friendship!"
"This lovely and compelling novel is, by far, one of my favorites. It is a view of the Stalin reign cleverly  disguised as a fairy tale; concisely written, and yet poetic. The symbolic use of animals works wonderfully with the abstract 'moral'. The funniest thing, in my opinion, is that Orwell, with his wry sense of humor, dipicts the communist dictators as pigs. How true! A lot of the kids in my class read this book for their book reports, but they have no idea of what they're getting into!  Why don't you give it a try?"
"Animal Farm is a interesting-written book. Although i had to read it for school, as a homework, I partly enjoyed it. U can learn a lot about the russian revolution, if u look at the things, the animal do, a little bit closer. U always have to keep in mind that the actions, which happen, are based on a true story. If u read it really sober, it effects on u as a book 4 kids. But if u read it attentive and look on the background of the actions, u can connect the plod to the russian revolution and learn a lot about it."
"It's a story about animals who take over a farm, yet Orwell is really exposing the hypocracy of Socialism/Communism.  When you read this book, you understand how socialist programs will fail everytime.  His book is  true prophecy of the downfall of Soviet Communism.  This is a book that  stays with you and helps you relate to modern day political struggles.  IF  YOU LIKE THIS BOOK THEN READ ""1984""!!!  It pushes beyond  ""Animal Farm"" and demonstrates the true horror of a socialist  society."
"Animal Farm can be enjoyed by people of all ages.  It's story of animals overtaking a farm will draw in a middle school crowd while its deep social symbols will draw anyone from late high school and up.  It's satire of communism is hilarious and half the fun of the book is seeing how Orwell shows people from all classes in life.  From Boxer the worker to Napoleon the leader all can be seen as a real life social class.  This is Orwell's best work, and one of the best novels the English language has ever seen."
Great Product
"Animal Farm is a book I'm not used to reading. Especially a book where animals talk and take over human beings. At first it took me a while to imagine this but then I understood it and realized a lot of Russian history is behind this. George Orwell basically pokes fun of the totalitarian government and Marxism. He relates a dictator boar named Napoleon to Stalin in Russian history. The story of Animal Farm goes like this- A farm owner named Mr. Jones always forgets to feed the animals, doesn't take care of the farm and always gets drunk and leaves town, the animals fight back which is the start of a Rebellion. It ends up that Napoleon, a dictator who's a boar, turns out to be exactly like Mr. Jones. Turns out that all animals aren't equal.This is definitely a different book from most others and has a strong theme to it: Revolutions go in vicious circles. I liked it a lot but non-fiction books are more my type of books!"
"This is a book about a group of animals took over the control of their owner's farm.  It wasn't that interesting to me when I first read it, but after I learned about the Russian Revolution in my history class, I start to understand more about the theme that was behind the story.  The animals and the animal leaders (pigs) in this story were representing the Russian people and the Communism Party that took control of Russia during the Revolution."
"Short and quick review:This book was extremely well written; however having read George Orwell's book entitled 1984 it felt like reading that book all over again; the story is very similar. Nevertheless, this book is definitely worth reading, the story flows smoothly, and the characters in it ""act"" very well if that makes sense. The reader will kind of have to draw their own conclusion of the ending though. But it's a good read. My 2 cents."
"This book is just great! I love how George Orwell ""hides"" messages in his books - and this message was very obvious but yet interesting.Believe it or not, but I got more interested in politics after reading this book though I was still quite young. The Animal Farm handles many important subjects of how our society is maintained and ruled and I think just about anyone interested in politics and/or communism should read this book."
"I enjoyed the book a lot. For me it is a brilliant political satire, written in a time when censorship ruled lots of countries. Orwell knew to write the truth about the happenings in Russia in such a hidden way that it is not that easy to see through. But he does not only treat the problems with Russian Communism, the book is a warning of every totalitarian system in the world. It also shows how difficult it is to treat all human beings equal."
"My Comment on Animal FarmI think animal farm is a good novel for anyone who is interested in the Russian history. The language is kept simple so its easy to read and to understand. Because of this novel, its a lot easier to understand what happened during the time of the Russian Revolution. All in all I think that Orwell made a good job of this novel by resetting all that had happened, and transforming it to the animal world."
This is my second copy of this particular version; I bought it for my nephew when it first came out and now I bought it for my son.Incredible story with stunning illustration; Steadman is simply amazing and just a smidgen on the weird side (actually a lot on the weird side but I didn't want to hurt his feelings if he happens cross this review).If you are going to buy Animal Farm; buy this edition. It is worth every penny.
"This book overall was interesting, and I learned a lot from reading it. It tought me about the russian revoultion, but at times was confusing. It seemed to be a history book at times, but also trying to sound like  a book  only about animals. I think the title was slightly misleading. One of the  things that kept me reading this book was how well devolped the characters  were. They kept me wondering what was going to happen next."
"Mr. A's seventh-grade class liked Orwell's allegorical representations, as it taught them a lot about Stalin's Russia. They also liked the urgency with which Orwell wrote; he did not have time for character development and background when he had such an important task--showing how power can corrupt, specifically with Stalin. The class was sad to see the fates of some characters, but they understood the symbolism of these ends."
It's excellent. Shows how corrupt human beings can be. In this case they show that through the animals. Sometimes difficult to understand and you have to break it down. In the end it's all worth the wait.
Awesome!!! Mind blowing ending
It really plays with your mind
"George Orwell perfectly depicted the corruption and disintegration of a fascist and totalitarian society in his book ANIMAL FARM. The characters he depicted were a perfect resemblance to the lead players in the Russian  Revolution.  With there being several ingrediants to a successful  revolution, ANIMAL FARM embodies most of them. The first part of this was a  state of crisis.  The animals of the farm were overworked, treated poorly,  and not fed enough.  Such was the case in Russia under the Czar's rule.  They needed a leader to guide them through the overthrow.  For the animals,  it was Snowball and Napoleon; and for Russia, it was Stalin and Trowsky.  Orwell creates a genre of the situation that is easier for people to  understand.The end is incredibly compelling where the animals would  look at the pigs and humans sitting together at the table, and could no  longer tell the difference between the two.  Stalin had reformed to what he  had led a rebellion against, such as the pigs took the likeness of the  humans; which they claimed to hate.This book is exceptionally written,  and is recommended for everyone to read to get a better understanding of  the Russian Revolution."
As pertinent today as when it was written. The parallels with American politics at present in terms of propaganda and education are stunning.
"I often wonder how I dodged the bullet of reading so many ""classics"" when I was in school. If I read this, I don't remember doing so. Either way, reading it now (later in life) really reminds you that the more we think the world changes, the more it doesn't.Animal Farm tells the story of how easily influenced the masses are by charismatic leadership and information control. It's downright eerie how universal this book is. The reader can unplug character names (Snowball, Napoleon, etc.) and plug in any number of names in recent news. Even events - such as the destruction of the windmill and the repercussions - reflect strongly on some of our country's own actions in recent tragedies.When the windmill is destroyed, the leadership of Animal Farm finds a person to blame (who can't be found) and uses this as an excuse to draw the animals into seemingly ridiculous acts that obviously violate the rights of the animals... but they don't mind. It's for the greater good.Sound familiar?If you haven't read Animal Farm in the past decade, do yourself a favor and do so. It's a short book with a long lasting message that is a true today as it was when it was first written."
"Wonderful book, an easy read."
Needed for paper I'm writing.
Great thought provoking book!
"Excellent,frighteningly true."
Good book. Read for school .It  teaches you lessons. This  is funny and I loved it very much!! Awesome  book for people who like animals.
"This is the kind of book to read and reread, and never forget. No matter how old you are, you will find this brilliant book an indisposable addition to your bookshelf. Powerfully written, the lesson within these pages is  surprisingly true, and is presented in a way which allows any audience to  discover its great meaning and appreciate it appropriately. Orwell deserves  credit for this literary and philosophical masterpiece!"
"This is the kind of book to read and reread, and never forget. No matter how old you are, you will find this brilliant book an indisposable addition to your bookshelf. Powerfully written, the lesson within these pages is  surprisingly true, and is presented in a way which allows any audience to  discover its great meaning and appreciate it appropriately. Orwell deserves  credit for this literary and philosophical masterpiece!"
no problems
Interesting
Great read!
Great Book!
No Problems
"I first read this as a sophomore in high school and remembered little-to-none of it. On re-reading it, I must say it was more enjoyable than I remembered. It is far from a ""great work"" in a literary sense, but it is a thorough, scathing, yet truly fair and honest satire about why communism can never work: humans (er, I mean pigs) do not have the necessary moral character to deny the corrupting influences of great power."
"Animal Farm is a book I enjoyed very much. I already read it several times and I think that it is perfectly constructed. All actions and characters can be directly linked with happenings during the Russian Revolution and communism in Russia. Orwell certainly is one of the most inspired writers ever. Admittedly, it sometimes seems too smooth and perfect; but it certainly is a book everyone should have read at least once."
"Animal Farm is a masterpiece and one of those classic books who everybody should read. I absolutely loved animal farm. It wasnt boring to me at all. I think Orwell did a great job of symbolizing all the injustice that happens in the name of an outside force and how simple minded people who do not educate themselves get advantage from, be it West for Soviet Russia, America for Iran or Terrorists for the United States."
"This book had some of the things I like best encorporated into it.  The book was short, it was funny, and it gave insight into a complicated topic.Using an animal farm as the backdrop, Orwell shows the Communist Uprising and its way toward decline.  He also writes to show our Capitalist Democracies fault(s).Again, without giving away much, a great short book worth picking up to have your intellect tickled."
"I like the book very much, because it's very interesting. There is a revolution between animals. The pigs are teh better animals. The other animals have to work. The best character is Boxer. Boxer works and works and works. He also works longer than the other animals. I think hi is also a very strong character. This is the reason why I like him.  When you will read the book, you will see that it is very interesting."
The book Animal Farm was an interseting book.The main point of the story was that the animals took over the farm and then the pigs started to seem more like dictators. I gave the book 3 stars because the main point of the story was elaborated but the details were incomplete. When I first picked up the book I thought it would be boring but I found that I really enjoyed it. I would recommend this book to other people.
"Not much to say about Orwell's bitter and brilliant little gem. While not aimed at adolescents, AF appeals well to the 13-15 year-old bracket, presenting totalitarianism is a readily comprehensible way. Of course, AF is not just about politics, but about human nature, the way very ordinary, not deliberately Machiavellian people take advantage of any situation. Nice read and this is a very nice paperback edition."
Putting animals and communism together was a great idea.  George Orwell's ideas about politics and style of writing are great.  I recommend this book because it is easy to read and a good lesson.
"I enjoyed reading this book, sort of. It was really hard to follow, especially in the middle. I wouldn't reccomend it. The only reason I read ot was because I had to for Reading class. I guess the book is really meant  for adults. If you were older, then you might understand more of the  symbolism and stuff like that. (I am only 13). Let's just say, I wouln't  reccomend it to anyone under, lets say 14 or 15."
"I expected the text to be more subtle. On the contrary, it is a direct and obvious blow on the Russian socialism, with perfect correspondence between the characters and real people.The reading is enjoyable and do expect to get mad with some of the pigs. In the end, it is a good description of the mechanism by which a tyrant can rise to power while making people believe it is for their own good."
"It took me a while to get around to reading this classic by George Orwell.  It is an incredibly short book, so if you've also been putting it off, you can get to it soon.The historical context in this allegorical tale is the rise of Marxism in Europe, especially of the figures Stalin and Trotsky.  The animals on a farm decide to overthrown their human owners to create their own society where from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.  We all know how this worked out in the history of Russia (and China, and elsewhere), and this book clearly maps this arc, as the revolutionaries trade one unfair regime for another.Orwell's 1984 gave us lots of phrases.  Animal Farm gave us a couple, too, and you may recognize them as your read them.Some may consider the book dated.  After all, any serious attempts at pure Marxism are gone forever.  Every first-world nation has some mixed system of socialism and capitalism.  A balance has been struck, that of free(ish) trade backed with a safety net, regulation, and government-built infrastructure.  In America we like to toot our horn at how non-socialist we are compared to Europe, but really it's just a matter of degrees and implementation.  None of us are willing to see people die in the streets, so we do a little (more or less) take care of those who cannot take care of themselves.This book warns of dangers that one might think are long past.  But I would argue otherwise -- not that I expect a sudden Marxist uprising, nor do I expect a slow takeover by the commies.  Quite the opposite, in fact.Towards the end of Animal Farm, I was suddenly struck by how this book could equally apply to those living in a semi-socialist society (like ours) who decide to buck off The Man (the government) in favor of a new system (unfettered capitalism) where everyone supposedly owns more of their own stuff and makes more of their own choices, but end up with the same old oppression.This cycle is not limited to Marxism - the powerful will try to grab or keep power using lies.  A century ago, it was, ""Capitalism is bad, socialism is good!""  Capitalism indeed was corrupt and abusive on many levels.  So socialism rose (even in America).Decades go by, and as socialism became a powerful idea and attracted the powerful, the chant became, ""Socialism is bad, capitalism is good!""  Socialism is reigned in and balanced now (what remains is that which was successful, like Social Security here, and NHS in England).  Yet the refrain keeps being shouted.  Socialism hasn't been a danger since the late 70s, yet Socialism is still the Great Enemy, safety nets have been and continue to be removed, and regulations have been and continue to be thrown from the shoulders of the rich.All these years, the farm animals keep on getting screwed, believing one day it is the socialists screwing them, and the next, the capitalists screwing them.  (These days, think Tea Party vs the Occupy Movement.)  Sometimes, these groups are right (more or less), until they push the pendulum too far in the other direction.And usually, it is the group they are taught to love who is really screwing them (or will eventually be screwing them).  It is the corrupt and those who have enough power who can teach the people who to love and hate.Orwell offers no solutions in Animal Farm.  Like 1984, this is merely a cautionary tale.  One we can apply today.  We should always keep an eye on both the government AND business to see which is making a grab for the most power in any given year.  We can love capitalism for its benefits, and hate it for its flaws.  Likewise, we can love socialism for its benefits, hate it for its flaws.  If we can break the shackles of blindness and ignorance, we can fix the flaws as they arise, and admit to the benefits of both systems.We live in a democratic republic, which means we have the freedom to keep the powerful and corrupt in check.  As long as we're not deluded by the lies."
"Georg Orwell's ANIMAL FARM is an easy to read novel which exposes the inherent contradictions of Big Communism and the dynamics of ""Dog Eat Dog Communism."" To paraphrase the late James J. Martin, this is one of the most clever political satires since GULLIVER'S TRAVELS.The novel begins with an uprising of farm animals against the farmer (the capitalist), and the uprising is in the name of the exploited animals (the Proletariat).  The two leaders of this revolution are Napolean and Snowball (Joesph Stalin and Leon Trotsky) whereby Snowball is eventually killed in a power struggle.  Readers should note the Napolean and Snowball are pigs which may be an apt description.Napolean and his supporters very quickly let the other animals know ""who is boss.""  In asserting the superiority of the pigs, language is distorted whereby, All animals are equal.  Pigs are more equal.""  Those animals who helped engineer the overthrow the farmer are quickly disciplined into their second class status, and Napolean entrehches his authority.Those who view the Angels of Light (the capitalists) and the Angels of Darkness (the wicked communists) are in for a surprise. Orwell portrays Napolean as ""doing business"" with farmers (the capitalists)and threatens any of the animals with repirsal.The novel concludes with a feast which includes the pigs (the communists) and the farmers (the capitalists).  Some scholars argue that this may have been a reflection on the Yalta Conference in 1945 when Stalin & co. supposedly cooperated with the capitalistic western leaders toward the end of World War II. The other animals view this banquet with suspicion as they cannot distingush between their recent enemies, the capitalists, and the pigs or the communists.Orwell's short novel should attract any reader with ""residual common sense.  In a short, clever novel Orwell's blast at Big Communism is easy to follow.  There have been long studies of the capitalistic West subsidizing the Soviet regime.  For example, Anthony Sutton wrote several such studies, and his WALL STREET AND THE BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION is probably his best.  Yet, one can get the same connection by reading ANIMAL FARM."
"More than the Russian revolution, just look at the mighty U.S. Wonderful story that parallels political history and today's current world. And for this, the forward calls Orwell a prophet. While that may be too euphorically idealistic and naively entrusting, it rings of truth nevertheless, as this short story, along with Orwell's other novel, ""1984,"" are pessimistic speculations that have been materializing in world political reality more than most others, and doing so in a remarkably accurate way.The idea in this story of farm animals is to overcome their tyranny and replace it with equalitarian socialism, which sadly ends in the very same tyranny. What starts out good turns as the aggressors see the weak spots and subsequently use force to gain control bringing about the economic class divisions, privileges of the wealthy, taxations of the poor, economic tyranny and the subsequent methods employed; the use of force and the greatest being fear and of course, blind stupid patriotism, ""Four legs good, two legs bad!"" Fear brings on patriotism, unity and political dominance of the forceful leaders. To unite against the common enemy under fear will induce the subjects to willingly, even emotionally under patriotic fervor, give up all rights of autonomy and free thinking. In the end, the loyal patriot citizen, Boxer the horse, is understood as a mere commodity, which in reality he always was. As in our wars, ""why do they always send the poor?""Napoleon (Stalin) is our fearless leader - he will save us from the terrorists, while poor pig Snowball (Trotsky)is the ""enemy"" ""terrorist"" and boxer is the proletariat, the working man, while the sheep are the mindless flag waving patriots - ""God Bless America,"" the war supporters (they think their spreading democracy) and the Democratic and Republican convention supporters.And so, here is the story of a farm where the animals revolt against the human despotism to create a socialistic equalitarian society, having a few pigs taking the intellectual lead. In a short time, this leads us to our now emperor pig, Napoleon, ""who is always right,"" while poor pig Snowball, blackballed, long gone, and yet still always the common enemy who must always be fought, thus spreading to the citizens themselves under the suspicion as possible spies, with forced confessions and punishments. Even in such mild forms, this tactic works well in the idea to spread suspicion among the masses. And you can see this in today's electronic signs along the New Jersey and New York highways reading ""Report Suspicious Activity - Call 1-800-xxx-xxxx."" I wonder if Bin Laden has spies driving down the highway? Probably not, but it's a great excuse to call the authorities on the guy pissing you off in the fast lane. Now without probable cause (only a friendly phone call) can maybe find some marijuana in his car or a suspended license.Also highly interesting, is the way the leaders would change stories and convince the other animals of their validity. It's amazing to see the parallels in the American media, especially the gung-ho conservative talk show hosts, who portray the patriotic historical slant on history and current events in such bias framework. As the 7 commandments of the animal farm are slyly changed, so the Constitution of the U.S. with amendments which erode such and also render the Bill of Rights as near obsolete.While this is not always the case, it portrays the far greater percentage. Yet while there are still autonomous individuals, there is always hope. Even Rome fell. And while each replaces each other with other forms of liberties turned tyrannies, the pessimism of Orwell's prophetic future always has room (no matter how small) of the hope of equalitarian society of liberty and justice for all. That is, before nuclear proliferation occurs from the failure of cowboy unilateralism to publicly address the grievances of the so called ""terrorists."""
"With ""Animal Farm"" on every school's great-works-of-literature list, I had high expectations as I began to read . . . about Mr. Jones's Manor Farm being taken over by the animals, some of whom by story's end connive to become ""more equal than others.""  In an historical (first published 1945) context, Orwell's social commentary is prescient, pointing out weaknesses of communism with its privileged upper crust, propaganda and downtrodden (we all feel sorry for Boxer) laboring class.  Orwell, a socialist, also pokes fun at the excesses of capitalism, notably in the final scene where Napolean and the other pigs, now walking on their hind legs, become interchangeable with humans--arguing over petty matters as they fritter away their time, while praising ways to enhance production and trim rations, having no concern for the well-being of the workers.From a modern perspective, we can all agree that communism has failed as a political and economic system, and that a side effect of capitalism is its division of society into haves and have-nots, with the rich in today's world only becoming richer and the poor poorer.  But what are we to do to fix the problem?  Here, unfortunately, Orwell is dead silent--not even a pip squeak.  Orwell's negativism would be easier to take if accompanied by a spoonful of constructive, forward-looking medicine that might help us all find our way to the promised land.  The author's vicious circle from Manor Farm to Animal Farm and back is too pessimistic for my liking--the story needs a dash of hope that we humans will be a little wiser the next time around.  History might seem to repeat itself and humankind might make the same mistakes twice, but I like to think that by the third time around we will have learned our lesson."
"If a pig and his animal friends kicked you out of your farm and took it over for themselves, what would you do? Mr. Jones had to face that in the book Animal Farm. In the book, a group of animals rebel against their evil and cruel owner with hopes of a better life. However, they soon learn that it's not the life they hoped for. I was laughing when I read the last page of the book. I enjoyed how George Orwell described the pigs as looking almost identical to the men. I learned from the ending of the book that revolution is a never ending cycle and that there is no such thing as a perfect life. I thought the ending was very good and it left you thinking on how that relates to real life. I praise George Orwell for his masterful satire based on the events of Russian history up to that point in time. My favorite character in the book was Squealer. He was a clever and cunning pig whose speech craft and methods of persuasion were flawless. He was Napoleon's propaganda, and was darn good at it. I liked how the book paralleled Russian history perfectly and how it was an allegory using animals instead of Russians. I thought the whole entire concept was genius. Finally, I learned from the book that a dictator government never works no matter how hard someone tries to make it work. One question that was left unanswered was what happened to the farm after the pigs became identical to the humans. Another question is how the animals could talk in the first place. I would recommend this book to a friend. It was very well written and if you are someone who likes Russian history you will love this book. I will read other books by this author because I love his style of writing. And remember, ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others."""
"I'm probably one of a very few adults who haven't read or heard about this book.  I was warned that this book was meant to be a parody of Communism (whatever that means).  I'd like to think of it as a nice fable with a sad ending.  But I can't escape the fact that it is overtly a criticism meant to poke fun at the Communists in Russia.<random thought>I felt really bad for Boxer.  The horse that has a white stipe down his nose making him look stupid (these were the words the author used).  Here's someone with a steadfast character and a determination that if only he worked harder things would get better.</random thought><aside>Only after reading this book did I come to understand how ignorance and illiteracy could lead to abuse and oppression.  I grew up in a country that was colonized by the Spaniards for over three centuries.  During this time, the Spaniards made sure none of the natives learned how to read or write.  They feared that once the natives learned what was going on around them, they would rebel.  And indeed they did.  That was the smartest thing they ever did.</aside>The author remarks, in the original preface in the appendix section of the 50th Anniversary illustrated hardcover edition, how the USSR took a good political ideal such as Socialism, and twisted it to an abomination that's worth mockery.  Indeed, George Orwell has even fought in a Spanish war to defend Socialism.  This was when he took a bullet through the neck and lived to write about it later on.I can see why this book is a classic.  It's short, easy to read, carries a powerful idea and applies to more than just Communism.LEAP rating (each out of 5):============================L (Language) - 4.5 (very well written, clear and concise)E (Erotica) - 0 (n/a)A (Action) - 2 (deaths do occur)P (Plot) - 3 (not really a plot heavy story)"
"This is one of the best books in the world in my opinion and probably to others too. Orwell writes, in this book, a style that makes it easy to read but goes into good depth at the same time. The plot is great and the setting and characters are just as good. I'd think to get a full understanding of the story you'd need to be 12 or older. That means anyone reading this can (and should) read Animal Farm."
"This book was quite different fromGeorge Orwell's 1984 (Max Notes), the only other of Orwell's works that I have read. The allusions to communism are obvious and character development was sacrificed in favour of narrative. As a study of historical narrative, this book is important. As an enjoyable book to read,Animal Farm: A Fairy Storyfalls short of the mark."
"This was a very well thought-up book, everything in fit together well & made the story very fluid & easy to read.  The substantial amount of symbolism & personication really surprised me.  I had to pay a good  deal of attention to the plot, Orwell's thinly veiled message regarding  Communism, etc. since the point of my reading this book was so I'd pass my  Speech class, which is required."
"I would recommend this to people who enjoy the time of age when the rebellion started. It's practically about an animal rebellion  standing up to their 'masters' because slavery isn't what they were put on Earth for. (in my eyes at least.) I don't want to spoil anything for those who haven't read anything yet, but it's similar to what happened to real rebellions. (minus them being talking animals.)"
Political satire written so simply taht a child could understand.Animals revolt against the tyranny of a farm owner. They set up their  own civilization that eventually comes full circle into a society just as  oppressive as the one they revolted against.Orwell's symbolisms are  simple but effective.  Pigs as the ruling class  Horses as the working  Class  Sheep as the peasants.
"This book is very good, in depths readying. I thought it was very cleverly done with the whole Soviet Union reflected in to a farm like setting. Before someone reads this, they should know a little about the Soviet Union, communism, Stalin, Lenin, and things like this. It is good for all ages, but younger audience would benefit the most from it. Older people should read '1984' by the same author."
"People often wonder how they can teach their kids tough concepts, and hopefully, they'll gorow to understand them.  Here's a good example of an answer to that.  Orwell pokes at the Russian revolution with a nimble fork,  setting it as a fairy tale of animals that talk.  The final sentence is  an  incredible line, one that a million authors wishes will spring from their  pen on the right moment."
"Animal Farm is beautifully written and it is also entertaining. Some parts of the book are humorous, and other parts are depressing, especially when the horse, Boxer, is taken away by the horse butcher. The characters are  delightful, and they have great human characteristics and qualities. It is  a masterpiece of writing, and I have added it to my list of favorite books."
"I read this over 20 years ago in highschool and loved it then. Reading it again now...I still loved it. This is such a great book for young minds. Not only to learn the sense of communism, rebellion, fear and tyranny but also to fall in love with symbolsm. This little book with so few pages and words is filled to the brim with symbolic moments and matter. It is timeless."
"Of course this is a great book, what else can I say.  Chilling.  As 1984.  And the images at the very end of both books are equally unforgettable.  One nice thing about this particular edition is it contains an Introduction, Select Bibliography, Chronology, Orwell's Proposed Preface and Orwell's Preface to the Ukrainian Edition which are very informative and interesting."
"I see why this is regarded as a classic.  It is truly a fantastic read and is still relevant today.  The way Orwell transformed the animals and had them take on the characteristics and personalities of human beings - pure genius.  This is such a brillant piece of literature.  It will certainly be added to my ""Favorite Books"" list.  5 stars and a must for every library."
"George Orwell's Animal Farm is a classic, a masterpiece of fiction.  Tyrants ban this book, and you can immediately see why.  Tyranny survives on falsehood and deception.  But literature such as this can pierce the truth better than sober historical scholarship.  This exposes history's tyrants to be just what they are: coldblooded cynical liars.  This is a must read."
"George Orwell's second classic, ""Animal Farm"" is a witty jab at socialism being used as an excuse to create a dictatorship. Especially, it is targeted at Joseph Stalin.Its famous maxim, ""All animals are equal, some are just more equal than others"" is sadly applicable to any society, and not limited to totalitarianism.This is certainly a worthwhile read."
"This is one of the greatest books of the twentieth century and will continue to be a great book into this one.  It is so perfectly worked out as a political parable and so perfectly written.  When I first read it I was knocked out that something which read so simply and so straightforwardly could have the impact it had on me.  If you haven't done so, read it today!"
"This is not Old MacDonald's farm, but an inspired allegory of socialism Stalin-style. Animal Farm should be required reading at different stages of one's intellectual development. Read it as an animal story, literature, history, social commentary, psychological study, etc. With an apology to Orwell: ""All [dystopias]are equal, but some are more equal than others."""
"I had to read this book for school, and at first, I thought, ""Oh great, another stupid book about political events."" I was surprised to find out that it was a very good book. It's a good way to learn about the events of the Russian Revolution, and the story is truely unique and humourous. It's a good book to read when you just don't have anything to do."
"The similarities represented in this satire are very evident, I did some reasearch on Trotsky and Stallin....wow! It's so evident it's almost scary. In most books there's underlined meanings, but in this one it's  straightforward and to the point.  I was reading the other recent review  and I thought, ""Alternative, what are they talking about, he's been  dead for fifty years for one thing, and another thing, he's not Lewis  Caroll. Imagine you're him; already hated by many, trying to convey your  beliefs about Communism without labeling human characters Trotsky or  Joseph. C'mon this is classic literature. It may not be the best written  but there are still some good ideas set forth in this book."""
true to life
classic read
As expected.
This is a timeless classic that everone should read.
"I read this book because I had enjoyed Orwell's other works (1984) and I was not disappointed. There is no time wasted in getting to the meat of the book, and it flows very smoothly throughout. I particularly enjoyed the parallels drawn to historical figures, the way that history tends to repeat itself can be haunting. If you are looking for a short yet engrossing read that will keep your attention from start to finish, ""Animal Farm"" is well worth the $10 price."
"this book was incredible. the subliminal references to communism and why it would never work are amazing. orwell uses the animals to represent major figures in the russian revolution such as marx, lenin, trotsky, and stalin. orwell shows his distaste for communism beautifully. the eventual breakdown of the animals society directly reflects the decay of the Soviet Union. this book shows that communism has no real basis in reality. by the way......buy this book"
"We found the content of this book very fascinating. It 's a political allegory of the Communism. The little farm symbolises the Russian country. All characters of the Communism are represented by animals. The two pigs per example Napoleon and Snowball are Stalin and Trotzki. We were thrilled by reading this novel and we will recommend it to all the other students in our age. We were a bit disappointed by the end of the story, we expected a happy ending."
The story if animals taking over a farm and learning how to read and write might sound a little strange. But that is just the beginning this book actually tells what happended after the soviet union revolutuion and the  characters are potraied by animals. That makes book even more interresting  and itelligent. Also importantly this book is a exellent read and doesn't  get booring after a while. Caution: Some readers may find this book hard to  put down.
"Animal Farm is a great novel which tells the horrors of communism.  I could really see how the characters represented real historical figures (Snowball represents Trotsky, Napoleon represents Stalin, etc.).  It is an easy novel to read, and most importantly it is quite entertaining and enjoyable.  Unfortunately, it is very short, so don't expect it to keep you busy for very long.  Buy it, or at least check it out at the library.  It's worth reading."
I read this book during AP European History to help me fully understand the Russian Revolution. Having a good handle on the key players ( Trotsky and Stalin) I was able to visualize the revolution as if it were happening on the animal farm. THis book is written wonderfully. Knowing that you can read it one of two ways (the figurative way or by converting novel into the russian revolution) you will be pleased to the fullest after reading this book.
"This particular publication has a picture of President George Bush on the front (doesn't really look like him, I could not tell who it was from the picture on the website) and this comment on the back cover: ""In recent years, the book has been used to compare new movements that overthrow heads of a corrupt and undemocratic government or organisation, only eventually to become corrupt and oppressive themselves as they succumb to the trappings of power and begin using violent and dictatorial methods to keep it. Such analogies have been used for many former African colonies such as Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, whose succeeding African-born rulers were accused of being as corrupt as, or worse than, the European colonists they replaced. In addition, the political deception and abuses of power of the Bush Administration fall into this category as well.""I'm sure there are many people who wouldn't be bothered by this, but I find it really disgusting that whatever organization printed this version of the classic Animal Farm took the opportunity to smear former President Bush. I'm returning this copy, and plan to order another copy that doesn't slander President Bush. Not to mention that the print inside the book is much smaller than any normal book, and it looks like it was very cheaply put together."
Great! Looks exactly like the photo.
"I really wish Animal Farm was the required reading for school, instead of 1984. I feel the points are pretty similar, but Animal Farm is easier for teenagers to connect with."
"This is a great read about why there should not be a career field known as ""politicians.""They ought to be OF the people--simply a person that is not solely a politician."
it's a great read for everyone. too many parallels to what's happening in this country right now
One of the great books of all time.
Brilliantly thought provoking book.
excellent story about human nature.
Great book!  Really makes me think.
Classic! Must read for all ages. George Orwell is simply brilliant and the animals in Animal Farm are hilarious.It's the 2nd time i read this book and i love it.
good book
Nice read
The b est
Good read
Very good
good read
Best book
excellent
A classic
Good book
"Book came in the mail today, Was recommended to me by a friend and after reading a summary of the plot I ordered it last week and i'm glad I did. Reading has never been a hobby of mine and I can't remember the last time I voluntarily read a book but as soon as I opened it up and started reading, I didn't stop until I reached the 8th chapter."
"Something the revolution brings forth new types of crooks. If people don't pay attention to what their elected leaders are doing once they are elected, then like some of the characters in the book they will be looking on the outside at people on the inside having a good time at their expense.R HemingwayPast Twilight"
"I'm only writing this review because I hate things undone in my Amazon account.  Obviously, it does not matter what I write. History has affirmed the value of Animal Farm.  I have even adopted it into the social science curriculum for my Korean students.  No other book communicates the emotional impact of Totalitarianism better than this."
"I loved this book!  This book describes the lost art of dictatorship, and the nature of giving workers an inch, and they'll take a mile!  This is how America should deal with unions.  The pigs gave the animals freedom, why shouldn't they get a little extra?  Listen to the truth, people, respect your betters!  God bless the Kennedy clan."
"Enjoyable fairy tale, good  for young kids, enjoyable for older ones too, there is no politicial message. True it reflects some asspects of  soviet ""communism"", but it gives no reasons for why the pigs became greedy. It just happened, and communism will never be a workable system ""just because"" according to this book"
"Orwell draws an incredible picture of what happens to a society when governors embark on an uthopy, such as a totalitarian project. He does so using animals instead of real people as characters. ""All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others"". I think this sentece is a good summary and everybody should remember it."
"It talks about how power corrupts.Shakespeare said it well when he said, Give man power and then see his character or s'thing on those lines;it is a reminder to all of us that we don't have to go beyond our bounds to make our mark.It is like the Bible on all life on this planet.You can safely buy it and be a new creature."
"This is one of those ""must reads"". There is no excusing the reading of this book since it is only 139 pages. The lessons learned are invaluable and anyone who cares about their own nation should take the time to see the wisdom contained inside this novella. What is frightening to me is it makes me wonder who really won the cold war."
"This book is written extremely well ..No jibber jabber, no pointless meaningless waste of paper which is common in most novels (like talking about the coat, or pants of a person, or color of the walls for 10 pages!) .. and it symbolizes the real world in a very intelligent way. Highly recommended ... you'll really learn something."
This is a good glimpse into the past at a movement that informs our relations today. I also was gripped by the introduction as he rails against liberal bias especially in the media. That day paved the way for the England of today. America is repeating that in its media today and it will lead to the same weakened state as England.
"i can't decide weather i love or hate this book. it's a brillant, insightful retelling of the russian revolution, but it is very sad. mabye i'm a wimp but i don't enjoy sad, disappionting endings. this book makes  you think, rather depressing thoughts. in that way it reminds me a lot of  ""the lord of the flies"" which also came to the depressing  conclution that the human race was hopeless, which i don't think is true. i  would recomend reading this book but don't take the message so seriously."
"This book had so many wonderful things about it- I'm not too sure where to begin. Well, for starters: Who rights about animals taking over the world, or atleast there farm??? This story was so incredibly random. Maybe if it was meant for kids it wouldn't be so random, but this was transformed into a piece of teenage/adult literature! It is based from World War II. Overall, this book was brilliant! Honestly, there is just no words. Not even one part bored me in the least. By far, it deserves this five."
"As far as the story goes: If you read the online book description, there is nothing I can add to this classic piece of  Orwell writing; other than: This book should be required reading for everyone.The paperback is sized to easily fit in pocket or purse. No fault can be found with the quality of print, the paper stock, nor the binding. Although, I thought the cover art a bit lame, but that is just the cover. It is whats inside that counts; an Orwell classic.A good read."
"Just finished. I think the satire lasted a little long for me, but I see the message, and it's very important. My political opinions are forming more everyday, and this book has helped me. I'm more of an economist/laissez-faire kind of a guy, (see works by T. Friedman and A. Rand) and love giving the power to the people. So this book helped me be wary of anybody 'giving' that power and that I am responsible for that kind of power if I am expected to exercise it wisely for my own self-interest."
"If you are trying to understand human society, Animal Farm is a good place to start.It teaches us that power would always be abused by those that have it. It teaches that by drawing on fear and hope, the powerful can make people believe anything they want them to believe. It teaches that Ideals and Ideology are weak contestants in the battle with the tendency for self promotion.Perhaps the greatest lesson of Animal Farm is however that you should not believe everything that you are told."
"The greatest part of Animal Farm is the different levels that it can be understood at and the huge amount of symbolism within the book. Although it is written in context of the Russian revolution, the basic motion that the  book ran, correspond with most revolutions. I did not enjoy this book as  much as Orwell's 1984, due to the simple and less descriptive language.  Although it is a fairly interesting book and contains important historical  context, it is not one that I would pick up again."
"Some reviewers have missed the point completely.  Animal Farm is a re-telling of the Russian revolution (around 1917).  Napolean the pig is Stalin, Snowball is probably Trotsky, Boxer probably represents the working class, the farmer represents the Czar system, the greedy outsiders represent capitalism, so on and so forth.  If you are interested in history, this is a clever read.  The rise of socialism, and the corruption that followed.  An interesting way to make a political point, read it."
"Author George Orwell abstracts communism into Animal Farm.  Animals banded together for absolute freedom and naturally disintegrated for the stupidity of the extreme ideal.  Orwell cleverly presents different stages of communism through the ordeals of the Animal Farm.  Story is fast moving, clear and satirically funny.  Unlike the much darker portrait in Orwell's 1984 (see my review), Animal Farm proves the point and it's much easier to swallow.  Very worth the small dollars and time."
"Loved the book.  Breezed right through it in one sitting, as this is not a hefty tome by any means.My only issue is with the edition itself.  The only reservation I have now, is I just spent $10 on a book that's a mere 100 someodd pages, and was read up in a couple hours.  I don't think I realised how short it was when I ordered it.  I question why the cover price is so high on such a thin book.I'd have been better served checking it out of the library at that price."
"I lived in DC for a few years. I couldn't help but think of this book when I watched the mess we call our government. We live in a bazaar world where things that are important are ignored, and things that don't matter matter."
This book was entertaining and also paralleled along with the development of communism/socialism in the soviet union. You don't have to like politics to like this book but it helps reveal a lot!I first read this in 10th grade for AP Literature and I decided to buy it (now a junior studying political science at a university).
"I had not read this book in over 40 years! Back then, as a young teenager, I did not understand it's deeper meaning. I sure do appreciate it now at 55. I highly recommend all of my contemporaries to re-visit Orwell's good book.Dr. Stanley E. Toompas, Optometrist& Author of ""I'm the One the Other Isn't"""
"Such a simple, childlike tale.  The story it tells, though, is very adult, very dark--and, as eastern Europe and a lot of the rest of the world could testify, it hits the truth dead center.By the way--am I the only one who finds dramatic similarities between ANIMAL FARM and the Who's ""Won't Get Fooled Again?"""
"This is a must read book.  It has quite a bit of satire in it, and many, many, hidden meanings.  It is a fairly short read, and well worth it.  The story begins of The Manor Farm.  The animals are fed up with working with  the humans, so, they start a revolution.  I won't give away the story so  that you can enjoy it also."
"This book was a major rip off.  The type was so small you needed a magnifying glass to read it.  It was maybe a 1/4"" thick at best.  The actual story is great, but I had to get another version of the book to read.  Do not waste your money on this publication of the book, buy another version from a different publisher."
"Although I think Orwell accomplished what he intended in Animal Farm (a tight, crisp, seemingly flawless allegory of the horrors of pre-Soviet and Soviet Russia and the dangers of Stalinist totalitarianism), I still only give the book three stars, because I WANT MORE!I want a book that does more than just criticize a system.  I want a book that offers a vision for something greater.  Although they say Orwell was a socialist, I feel this book risks leaving the reader to default into thinking that a capitalist system like the modern one is the best, because ""it works.""  No wonder this book is assigned en masse to public high school students in America - or was, at least, when I was in high school in the 1980s.  Yuck!I don't like this book because it's utterly depressing:  it offers no hope.  It's just an endless spiral into misery.  I want a vision of a society that is beautiful, that isn't destructive, where hope and healing are real, where exploitation is not the byword of the day.My answer:  I see our hope in healing our childhood traumas, working out our ancient rage and our ancient fantasies that our traumatizing parents will rescue us.  If the masses of humanity work out these inner demons then capitalism crumbles, totalitarianism is rendered irrelevant, war becomes moot - and beauty can rise to the surface."
"The book was written in the time of the Cold War and a threat to the West of the USSR. Today, that threat is gone but the book still provides a good insight in countries like North Korea. Apart from the underlying political tone, it is an easy to read book, good story and a lot of fun. Good recommendation to everyone!"
"""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others""  Through a very entertaining novel about a ""government"" set up by animals in a farm, Orwell criticises Russian communism. Thoroughly  entertaining. Orwell has certainly found a great way to convey his  convictions in a very amusing way!"
"You may find it hard to believe that an English major never read Animal Farm. Yet, here I am. The book, while targeting ""bad guys"" long since gone, remains salient in a time when people are concerned about  losing certain freedoms. It's a quick read (can be read in one sitting) and  very thought provoking."
"This book is the best educational tool of the value of freedom and what happens when we choose to compromise it in favor of other ""higher"" goals of society.  It is an old world political novel, which serves to remind us of what the world used to be like, and what it can look like if we are not careful."
Boy do I love this book.  I have never read it as a child but I thought it would be a great read for me and my 12 year old history buff son.  We have enjoyed reading this book so much.  He cant stop talking about who all the characters are and what it means. Highly recommend it.  All ages can enjoy.
"Animal farm is a story to make you think. This book is the truth. It lays human nature out on the table, as if it were a four-course meal, explaining each and every detail, which show just how greedy, selfish and oppressive one can be. For these reasons I loved this book.  Joey-bet cha can't guess..."
"You have GOT to read this.  It is so sad when Boxer gets done away with, and that last part with the human/pig party is one of the scariest things I've read.  When it sank in that the animals traded one master for a worse one, it just about made me cry.  This is one of the best books I've ever read."
"I've read this classic more than a dozen times over the years - a true literary masterpiece. If you appreciate Animal Farm, try 2084 and ""Two Wolves"" by Hugh Darby.http://www.amazon.com/Two-Wolves-Mr-Hugh-Darby/dp/1478133422/ref=sr_1_6?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1341952344&sr=1-6&keywords=hugh+darby"
"Even if you know nothing about Communism, read this book, because it relates to life in general.  I know its pessimistic and wrong but some people will always be ""more equal than others.""  I also enjoyed  Orwell's articulate and precise writing style.  I can only say it went by  too fast."
"This book is a work of literary art. It is a story, it is an essay, it is a critique of a flawed system and it grips you from start to finish.Orwell builds up each character in such a way that, for me, it is impossible to fault.Read it; it's a book of all books!@DaveyNorthcott[...]"
"This is the sweetest political satire I've ever read, it even surpasses Gulliver's Travels and Erehwon.  It's beautifully written and full of surprises. A little working knowledge of middle 20th century history regarding Nazism and Stalinism is helpful but not essential. Highly recommended!"
"Even though the book parallels the Russian Revolution, the message still compares with our nations today. If you haven't read this book before, this will be an eyeopener. Orwell makes his point and sticks it to you because he uses the animals as an example of what could potentially happen."
"A scathing satire of the Communist Revolution in Russia (and revolution in general), Orwell's Animal Farm is one of the few books that I feel should be read by every high-school student.  The book is fun, fast, fierce - and profound.  A must read for anyone planning to vote on election day."
Animal farm is an old school classic that is transcends time. The book is so relevant today irregardless on which country you in and under what political system. What insight the author had to write of the human condition is such a satirical fashion.Highly recommend this book.
"I love this book have read it many times.  Its a book about utopian dreams, erroneous beliefs about the nature of MAN, and the consequences of socialism.  Its all there in a nutshell ......or an animal farm!  I read it  had some friends read it had my grandson read it!"
I read this book because it was required reading for my son.  The dangers of incrementally eroding rights and shifting powers is captured well.  The degree to which this is done without recognition of the bourgeois should be of great concern to those who value liberty.
"I read Animal Farm back in high school, but had not been exposed to Orwells other works, quite good.See these others by Orwell:Coming Up For AirNineteen Eighty Four (Akasha Classic)Burmese Days"
"George Orwell is a brilliant writer & I read his book in the morning to start my day in a positive manner. I had to laugh a lot & laughter is good medicine. Thank-you, I am an avid reader & torn between choosing another Gerorge Orwell book or choosing another author."
Thanks!
"My 13 year old, 11 year old, and I just finished reading this book as part of our homeschooling literature and history lessons.  It was our first time reading the book.  It was a great jumping off point for understanding socialism, Russian history, and propaganda."
"Fantastic! If you like a great ending that is very, very satisfying this  is your book. It's very, very short (less than 100 pages), I read it in a  day. Characters are well crafted; Orwell did a fine job. One of the best  books with a political/moral theme, ever."
"After reading this novel, I felt that George Orwell was refering to the average human.  In Animal Farm, there were many examples of human nature, today.  Selfishness was expressed in Napolean's character but Snowball, on the other hand, represented selflessness."
"After reading this novel, I felt that George Orwell was refering to the average human.  In Animal Farm, there were many examples of human nature, today.  Selfishness was expressed in Napolean's character but Snowball, on the other hand, represented selflessness."
Take it for what it is: a satirical tale of Russia or rather the USSR. You'll see all the political figures representative by the leaders the pigs.  The plan ignorant folk equal the other farm animals. The back ground for this book is plain to see. Great Book.
This book really made me think about the ideas of socialism and how there is always a group trying to control or exploit everyone else for their own gains.  I read the sparknotes and was surprised to see the links to historical events in Russian Revolution.
"God, I loved this book so much.  I finished it in one day. Seriously.  It was such a great way to look at how the people who wanted the revolution turned the farm into exactly what it was before.  Just an amazing book on totalarianism.  Orwell is a genius."
"this was a great satirical view of communism by one, George Orwell.  i like the fact that you can read the story just for the story or you can look deeper into it and find the true meaning.  definetly recommended to  anybody looking for a good, short read."
I had to read this book for a college course of mine and really liked it! It was a lot better than I thought it would be. The fact that Orwell used animals in it was simply genius. I never thought manipulative pigs could illicit so much emotion in me!
"I read this book for the 1st time last month. It was an easy read and the story moved quickly. The last few pages of the book were absolutely moving!! As the farm animals look on, they can no longer tell, man from pig, pig from man!A classic tale!"
This assigned reading for a high school literature class has profoundly influenced my life by keeping my eye on governments that promise freedom. I have made it required reading for my grandchildren so they are not duped into thinking they are free.
This was a fun book to read.  It gave me a look into how messed up a government can become.  That and it was nice and short.  Time is a big factor since it's so close to graduation.  I'd recomend this book to  anyone; it is definately a must read.
This was a fun book to read.  It gave me a look into how messed up a government can become.  That and it was nice and short.  Time is a big factor since it's so close to graduation.  I'd recomend this book to  anyone; it is definately a must read.
"I've been wanting to read this book for forever and now my daughter and I get to share the experience.  She is homeschooled so we used this as part of her curriculum.  Great price, fast shipping, no hassles!  Thank you for a wonderful experience!"
"I read this last year, and again this year as a school assignment and I love it. Orwell is a truly gifted writer who can create through satire, a complex and fascinating look at society and the world in general. This is a must read for everyone!"
I read this book several times50 years ago in high school. I lost my book years later. I wanted my kids to read it to compare it to todays situation with government. My daughter read it in high school and said it seems to follow our government.
"Animal Farm is a typical book for school. It is well written. I found it is written in an easy language, so it is easy to read. I think it is a good book for everyone who likes George Orwell or other books, which were written in the same style."
"I read this book at the urging of a close friend of mine, and I am so glad that I did. Animal Farm is an amazing, moving, powerful book that simply swept me off my feet. I love it so much, and it has a place on my shelf as one of my favorites."
This is a timeless classic with a message still relevant to so many Western democracies over-regulated by over-zealous bureaucrats and under-governed by weak politicians elected by voters who are getting the governments their apathy deserves.
"I really liked the storytelling; it was very clear and used several events (such as the ""misremembering"" of the commandments) as recurring anchors. However, it would have been nice I'd the author has given more time to character development."
"if you want to understand the Russian revolutions better, this will definitely help.  this book isn't supposed to be funny but I found it hilarious, mostly because of the animals blind faith to their leaders.  anyway, good book, but short"
Excellent read!  Made me stop and think about what is really happening in the world today.  This book is actually pretty scary if you really think about it.  I highly recommend it to anyone wanting to read a classic that is coming true.
"The plot was based on the beginning of the Soviet Union in animal form. It shows how the Soviet Union was started by a rebellion against oppressive rules, the soviets as the pigs did by that it would be better if they had them ruling but then it ended up having it be worst than it was when the Tsar's were in power.One of my favorite things about this book was how the different people were portrayed by the animals; having the Communist being the pigs and the original owner of the farm being the Human (Tsar). I also really was enthusiastic about the ending. Its one the few books that is interesting the whole way through and has a good ending.I would highly recommend this book to anyone with a highly biased mind, and enjoys political humor. Though it may offend any hardcore Liberal/Communists, but all other political parties will find this book funny and interesting just any other George Orwell's books."
"I never got to read this in high school, and I'm glad I went back to read it.Spoiler alert (kind of..):It was scary how much it reminded me of N. Korea, and this was written before N. Korea was its own country."
I love and adore this book always have.. I feel it just helps puts things in prospective.. Have been trying to read 1984 for 20 years can't seem to get threw it.. I get to many night mares Great book just scary. I stick to Animal Farm
"I just read this book in my English One class at my local Highschool. I thought it was one of the best books I have ever read, and it had great issues on totalitariansism, and republics. It helped us learn a great deal about both of those while still give us the humor of a normal book. I would recomend this to every kid and hope they enjoyed it as much as I did."
"Animal Farm should be required reading for every student in the world!  It's ""fairy tale"" style gives adults and children readers/listeners a platform for discussing the ideas of socialism and its outcomes without the stigma of the word ""socialism"".  The audio book was very well received by my son and made it far more entertaining than just ""required reading""."
"Book is Fiction story, But sounds pretty accurate when describing the current situation and past situations of the world, and what could happen when You have Populist Leaders Emerge.The Pigs in the story are a Metaphor for Communism and Socialism and Why It never works. As well as Violence never works, or egalitarianism or other far fetched utopias never work."
"I read the Animal Farm as a junior is high school.  I bought this copy for a friend for Christmas, as she has never read it.  I hope this is still required reading in high school, but unfortunately, that is doubtful.  If anyone wants a perfect look at our current political system, they need look no further than the pages of Orwell's masterpiece, and classic."
"this book was very good. the characters were developed very well, and the parallels to communist russia were excellent. this book was very fun to read, and the author had much detail and a very good style. it was a very good idea...animals throwing over a farm and running it themselves. i enjoyed this book very much and would highly recommend to anyone."
"WOW !Absolutely amazing ! READ THIS BOOK!  ""Animal Farm"" is a political and literary masterpiece . The ""Machiavelli 's Prince of our century .Please don't believe in the people who gives 1 or 2 stars in his  review because they can only understand and loves thrashy ,sappy  light  ""novels"" and soap operas . Long life to Orwell!"
"Excellent book.  It reminds me of Planet of the Apes. It talks about social issues.  Some of the issues it discusses are respect, freedom and survival.  It is a fast read. In the book the animals debate a lot about their living conditions and they take sides(farmer or animals).  Like in real life, the farmer has favorites.  Definitely worth reading."
"The story itself is sad and disturbing.  The resolution never comes, and many things are left without explanation.  The novel does have some representation of society, but that is its only good point.  You should read it sometime in your life, but it is really not a good book for children.  It does reflect our society, however, it is very grotesque."
"""Animal Farm"" captures your imagination from the beginning.With animals communicating with each other, you start tofind yourself loving or hating each character.  The farm animals, driven by hatred towards humans, plan a full blown attack on Mr. Jones of the Manor Farm.  With the description of the animals determination at expelling the humans from the farm, the scene almost seems to come to life.  With the animals in charge of the farm, things start to get out of control.  Animals feel superiority over other animals, which is breaking one of the ""seven commandments"" which is not allowed.  Animals start to turn against each other, showing that no society is a perfect one.  Animals are displeased, but are afraid to speak up because of the harm coming to those who are dissatisfied with their new ""government."" This captivating book ends with pigs and men sitting at a table playing cards and drinking.  The other animals look in at them to see that their leaders have basically turned into humans.  They could not tell the difference between their own species and the much hated humans.  George Orwell brilliantly depicts a frightening plot where animals take over and humans suddenly find themselves fearing what the rebellious animals will do next."
Good read
Very good but felt I had to read itI have mixed opinions of this book over the years.As it is a classic- felt I was supposed to like it- truth is I struggled to the end.Sometimes described as a fairytale?? Not in my opinion.Politics city- I hate politics!Doesn't matter if it is a pig or an MP.Obviously- very well written.
"Good book. I was able to keep attention and even though Im in 11th grade, it still kept me reading and wanting to know more. I liked the ending and I thought it was overall a good book."
"this is a great book! i thought it was very interesting and it had a very unfortunate ending. if you like books with a happy ending, you will not like this book. i thought it was really good but it was boring at some times. all the information in the boring parts are necessary to understand the end. if you like books that are about things that go from bad to worse, you will love this book!"
I have now read this book twice. The first time was as an economics student pre the 1994 (South African) elections (and looking forward to the revolution). Reading the book again in 2012 I had to keep reminding myself that this is not a historical account of the ANC's first 15 years in office. Sorry South Africa we should have listened to history and not have been so romantically blind.
Excellent.
A classic!
excellent!
Great read
Thank you!
Great read
I just finished reading the novel Animal Farm in my Seventh Grade Lititure class. I found it to be quite intersting and realistic. It shows in a different point of the whole Russian Reveloution. IT is a wonderful book
"This book is a timeless classic.  If you look around you, there are many countries with similar situations to the Animal Farm.  The book also serves as a warning for our generation not to make the same mistake again."
Almost $10.00 for a 120 page book. The print quality is not very good. I'm up to page 59 and have found incomplete print and cut off margins on 3 pages. It's like someone put this book together in their living room.
"if you enjoy this book, you have to read ""Lord of the flies""  It has a very similar lesson to learn.......both books demonstrate what happens with ""freedom"" when no ""real"" laws are put in place.....have fun reading."
It was what I expected and I received asap. GREAT GREAT ..ikdjklsjfksdjflksjdklfasjakdflskfjdksakdfjlsfjlskadflsdfkakdsflsdjfadkflasdkakldkfsdlkadkflsdkdflslksdskdfl
Animal Farm is literary social commentary at its best. An engaging allegory reminding one that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Accessible and thought-provoking; great for discussion groups.
"With its bizzare illustrations, this version of George Orwell's immortal classic is a true delight and a thought provoker.  Animal Farm is one of  the greatest George Orwell books, next to 1984, that I have read."
"Animal Farm is a short, witty, clever satire of the rise of Communism. The book is fun to read and influential; plus Orwell's writing is topnotch, packing meaning into every word. Few people dislike Animal Farm."
I really enjoyed this book when reading it with communist Russia in the Stalin era in mind. It was thought provoking and insightful. I loved the symbolism of the farm and its animal occupants. A brilliant book.
"The story was an easy read and very interesting, I was never bored. The story puts fear into men's hearts because of the fear that we will become (or have become) like the pigs. Two thumbs up, for Animal Farm!"
good book!
Good read.
Execellent
Excellent.
"i loved this book. my social studies teacher made us read it as a study of the russian rev. i thought it was amazing. how many authors can make pigs and horses have such realistic personalities?  amazing book. i can't  beleive that orwell could make this into the most believable satire in the  world. if you have a kid in middle school, or anyone who likes history,  read this book!"
The typing in this book was wayyyy to small. You need a magnifying glass to read it! Don't buy it a total waste of money...I wish I would've read the reviews first!!!!
"This was required reading for me in 5th grade when I attended a Lutheran school.  Growing up, I was surprised how many of my peers in college never read or heard of this book.  I picked this book up again to read it 30 years later because I remember enjoying it so much and the lessons Orwell was trying to convey about greed, self interest, politics, political systems, etc, etc."
"I am a George Orwell Fan.Animal Farm: Centennial Editionis a good book. This edition is a little paperback printed on rather low quality paper. Plot and storyline are excellent as well as meaningful. Allegory presents extremely well, using animals of course to convey the events and corruption that infilitrated a well intentioned project ie the revolution."
"""Napoleon is always right.""  What does this mean?  Napoleon's the chief pig, and it's the pigs who in the aftermath of revolution become the overseers of Animal Farm.  A new flag is raised, and the fledging comrades begin to remake their farm into what they want it to be.  That it derails horribly is something which they learn too slow and too late.  A lesson from history."
"A book for everyone.  While some may miss some of the complexities, everyone will get the main idea that Orwell wanted to convey: not to blindly swallow all that your leaders tell you.  Hopefully, most will also get the message that power and evil are brother and sister, and those in power will do evil because it's what comes of it.  And, of course, they'll lie about it."
"My Comment on Animal FarmI think animal farm is a good novel for anyone who is interested in the Russian history. The language is kept simple so its easy to read and to understand. Because of this novel, it is a lot easier to understand what happened during the time of the Russian Revolution. All in all I think that Orwell made a good job of this novel by resetting all that had happened, and transforming it to the animal world."
"Animal Farm is a fantastic allegory on the Russian Revolution. All the main characters, such as Stalin, Karl Marx etc. can be found in this short piece of satire.  i disagree with pple who say that this book is simply a summary of 1984. I have read both books and I feel that although they are similar in some ways, there deal with different subjects. There is a fine line seperating the two. 1984 is mainly about ""big brother"", almost something like dictatorship, or autocratism in a futuristic setting while Animal Farm is about communism. One gripe I have about Animal Farm is its lack of action. It also lacks depth, and is a pretty superficial glance at communism and its appearance in Russia. It could just be any anit-communist book in the market. Nothing really special. Yes, I know, I'm a geek, a nerd and a weirdo."
"For those without much time to spare might I suggest Animal Farm, a vicious little satire on the pros and cons of government and society.  As always Orwell has a lascerating wit and a smooth narrative pacing that makes everything important and nothing dull.  Despite the short length there is a great deal of information imparted in glowing, shivering language, simple and yet dignified; chatty and yet sometimes overwhelmingly lofty.  And yet the pace of the story will have you racing through it like a 600 page crime novel where everything just keeps getting uglier.  Read it in a day, over a weekend, during quiet time on a several day beach vacation.The metaphors aside, this book relates a profound understanding of the very human motives that make community government always aimed toward personal corruption."
"Animal Farm takes place on a farm in England. An old pig tells all of the farm animals that they need to revolt one day and take over control of the farm. It starts out well, the animals are all equal and work together for the common good. But the pigs slowly take over absolute control of the farm. One pig, named Napolean, becomes the farm's dictator, executing animals, rewriting history, and slowly becoming more like the humans that they overthrew in the first place. The story is modeled after that of The Soviet Union. The conflict is unfornuately, not resolved. This is because the book was written before the Soviet Union was defeated and overthrown. If the book had been written after the USSR's downfall, however, I am positive the ending would be similiar to that of the Soviet Union in 1991."
Great piece of work.
Everything went fine
"todos los animales son iguales, pero hay animales mas iguales que otros. este libro es una parodia sobre nuestra sociedad y sobre las bases hipocritas en las que esta fundada, no puede hablarse de igualdad entre  nosotros, cuando una parte de la humanidad ignora la otra, cuando en verdad  no somos iguales, es solo un sueno de alguien para calmarnos las ansias.  por eso existen libros como este, tambien es bueno recalcar los comienzos  de la historia,  todo empieza en aparentes condiciones de igualdad entre  los animales, hasta que los mas aguzados ven que pueden sacar partido de la  situacion y empiezan a distorsionar las reglas del juego en beneficio  propio. este libro es un despertador de consciencias dormidas,  ojala se  leyera mas por aqui.LUIS MENDEZ luismendez@codetel.net.do"
"Animal Farm was a very deep book.  It's one of those books where when you read it you get a different perpspective every time!.  I think the author got this piece of literature off to a grand start.  In the very beginnings of this book Mr. Jones is very drunk.  The animals wait for him tom go in the house and turn the bedroom light off.  All the animals had a high rspect for Willingdon Bueaty.  That is the name of the prize winning middle- white boar that was OWNED by Mr. Jones.  The old pig always liked to share his dreams with the farm animals.  He was so respected that all the animals were willing to lose an hours sleep just for him.  The animals eventually make a daring attempt to (live better lives)at the old farm.  I give this book a rating of 5, and an age limit to 10 and up."
I am in 6th grade and read Animal Farm for school. I love the idea of satirizing Communism at a farm. Animal Farm takes place at a farm run by Mr. Jones and all the animals go into a rebellion against Mr. Jones. Then it is run by animals after the election. I love the premise of this book making fun of communism in a very awesome story! If you are my age you should read this book right now!
he passed the class
"I really enjoyed this book. I liked how the animals represented people in the Russian Revolution. It was interesting to see how the pigs were the leaders, when in real life, they're not very smart."
Very interesting novel that lets the reader do all of their thinking independently just as the animals themselves are forced to do. Really enjoyed this book and all of the moral issues it tackled.
"It's a good book, but not for a plot. If you're looking for an interesting illustration on the Rusian Revolution, it's pretty good. If you're looking for entertaining literature, I'd keep looking."
I am pleased to have read this book as an adult - I say this as I know it was a set book in my schools.  I would not have really known what was going on.George Orwell was a very clever man.
"If you want to read something awfully well written and enjoy his personal insight on our society's troubles, just give it a try. I read it at school and now I am using it in my English lessons."
"Safe to say nothing new can be said in a perfunctory assessment of Animal Farm. Let me simply say that if you have no yet read it, it should be near to the absolute top of your ""to read"" list."
I bought this as a gift to my brother after a discussion of current events. He contended that Orwell was forecasting the future. I contended he was reporting on what he observed of socialism.
"This is a wonderful book that can be looked at in two ways: allegorical or as a barn-yard story.  I, because I was only 13 when I read it, saw it as just a story, yet it still entertained me."
Love the parallels. Almost all personalities have been represented by an animal on the farm: from hardworking Boxers to propaganda Snowies to politician Napolean to the mass followers sheep.
I really enjoyed the story line of this book. The way it starts to the way it ends seems accurate to what communism is and how it works. Very interesting seeing it through animal symbolism.
"i'm one of those people that doesn't like to read a lot, but this book was great, i loved it and was able to read the whole thing.it was very differnt from other books i've read. i loved it"
"I received it on time, check on it, it looks pretty good, but still haven't use it yet. I'm sure dough that is going to be an important source of learning for my kid, just like the others."
"Though Orwell wrote the book as an allegory of communism, the book remians relevant as it can be also stand as a metaphor for socialism, a term tossed about in the press a lot these days."
Good.
Good!
funny
so so
THIS WAS A REALLY GOOD BOOK. IT WAS ABOUT PIG WHO RUN THE FARMER OFFTHE FARM.I READ IT IN ABOUT A WEEK. THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I READ. I WOULD REACOMEND THIS BOOK TO OTHER PEOPLE.
"George Orwell is a great auther. I love his books - the irony, coolness and gradual degredadation all help make this an absolutely chilling but funny read.Would recommend!"
"Classic!  Still resonates with today's issues.  While Orwell's masterpiece 1984 receives much publicity still, the modern reader needs to heed the cautionary warnings of Animal Farm."
I just finished reading this book about an hr ago. I read it in one sitting. I found it very interesting and a great way to retell an event in history. I highly recommend this book.
This is a classic story and can still be read today as if it were written today. It allows you to create characters and voices in your mind to really bring them to life as you read.
"this is a true classic of literature that ideally everyone would read. This books cover and binding really hold up against it constantly being carried around, as I do with my books."
It's a brand new book and one I will keep. I don't know what else to say. I recommend the book as worth reading because it is timely even though it was published in the late 40's.
"I read this book when I was in high school and thought I still had it somewhere so when my son needed it and I couldnt find mine, this book came in handy with a snazzy .new cover."
I bought a used copy and as always Amazon delivers. This book gives you Orwell's perspective on things that helps you relate to what's going on in modern day politics. Great Book!
"I see why this book is such a classic! It is so short, I'd call it a short story rather than a novel. It is a quick read, and very hard to put down. I highly recommend this book."
I could not put this book down and it sent chills down my spine. The story of a revolution gone wrong will have you looking at politics and government in a totally different way.
"This is one of the best books I've ever read.  Although it's only 140 or so pages, it tells a great story.  I really can see what it's like living in a communist country or farm."
"Great novel about the lust and abuse of power. Loved reading this novel when I was in high school and college, bought this copy for my niece. Truly a great piece of literature."
"I think this book was very good. i could not put the book down. well i had to because we read it in class, but if i had it i would not put it down.i think all the dogs should have stayed with there mom, but it was intresting  to read."
"This book was short lived, but it drove a point. How after all man just goes back to originality and sin. I'm not sure if many writers could paint a picture so clear of communism using the most simple of appeal: A book  about animals."
Great book and subject matter that is still so applicable today. It si a quick read but really gets your brain working. I could read this over and over. Right up there with To Kill a Mockingbird in my opinion as far as classics go.
"I don't think it a fairy story at all, it's a very good ""SCRIPT"" on how Dictators take over, should be required reading in schools everywhere,  including clear instructions on how it exposes a lot of Politics of today.  JR"
I read this book 40 years ago in high school.  It certainly has application to what's happening in the world today.  Anyone who watches Glenn Beck will certainly see the similarities to an underlying agenda in the Obama administration.  The Bill of Rights is being subtlely diluted and disassembled until finally it is simply changed during the night.  This is a suitable and applicable read for our day.
I had to read this book for a class project. I am glad I did. I was never to think that this is book related to the Russian revolution. Again I love this book so much. A well deserved five star!! :) :) :) :) :) ;) ;) :) :) :) :)
"Just got around to reading this, as I was never assigned it in college or high school.  It is a must-read for anyone who enjoys history, satire, social commentary, and communism, as it directly parallels the Russian revolution."
"This is one of George Orwell's greatest novels, and it solidifies him as one of the greatest political writers of all time. I would recommend buying the book from any_book; they ship fast and the book was in pristine condition."
"Orwell uses a simple allegory to accurately describe the events  surrounding the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution.  Easy to understand and  enjoyable, a must read for anyone remotely interested in history, communist  Russia, or life."
Great!
"excellent nineteen more words not required, all i need is my personal opinion of this product still need more words.  this form is why more products are not reviewed"
"This is, by far, one of the best books I have ever read! It's about the Soviet Union, and is a great allegorical, short novel. You should read it if you haven't already :D"
"Be aware that this  edition of Animal Farm is cheaper because  it uses less paper, but it  uses less paper  because the  publisher has shrunk the font to  about 9 points."
"I received this book very quickly.  I was glad because I needed it for a class and I had plenty of time to read it.  It was also in very good condition, almost like new."
"Master illustrator Ralph Steadman's work provides a startling complement to Orwell's classic tale. This is a remarkable edition of the book, and one well worth seeking."
It's absolutely scary how much this book mirrors what's going on now in the US. I can't believe that I read it back in the 60's. I thought it was a fairy tale. Not so.
thanks for the book you provided in a cheapest deal.  my son needed it for school study.  i appreciate your help and giving us a good deal.  thank you and more power.
"September, 2012 was a good time to read this story.  It is a easy amd fast read that is timeless when watching the behavior of politicians and our economy in the USA."
A knowledge of history is required before the full magnitude of this book can be understood. A profound book full of insight. A must read for all human rights lovers.
"This book is not only a masterpiece about the structure of some societies, communism comes to mind, but it is superbly illustrated by Ralph Steadman of 'I AM ' fame."
Great.
Weird.
Thanks
<3
"Set as the yr 10 English Oral, it is a good story and what seems to be an exaggerated metaphor for Russian Communism ( in my eyes anyway) it is  well constructed and an interesting read, A classic in every sense of the word"
"A time less story, that is taking place to this very day and I  love to ignore and I  will close my eyes pretend that I do not see what is going on. Because this inhuman way is the only way I can survive, and be excepted."
"I think  "" Animal Farm '' was a good book. It's the best book I've read over communism acts and about humans that still act like that today! Animal Farm is a true classic. I give it five stars for an excellent book!!"
"Before I read this novel I didn't have a good understanding of what communism was.  Of course I had heard of it, but I never really knew what it was about.  Now that I've read the novel and learned how it is related  to communism I have a much better understanding of it.  The way the  characters fit perfectly with real life characters gave the story a better  meaning.  The dogs were like K.G.B., and Molly represented the group of  people that didn't care as long as it was good for them.  Napoleon and his  followers used their position to get luxuries and respect.  The leaders of  communism also used their position for control and luxuries.  It was  even suspenseful when the animals fought in the battles. It was  motivational when the animals put everything they had into the windmill.  Overall I think this was an excellent book, because it taught me something  important."
Thank you for getting my Animal Farm book to me right on time and in the condition that was guarenteed. I really appreciate your service and I will be looking forward to buying more books from this company in the future!
"Orwell was a visionary, able to show the slow progression from a seemingly benign government to a totalitarian state. A good reminder that we need to pay attention to what our government does and how our politicians act"
"I am using it to explain the consequences of extreme collectivism to my grandchildren. Very effective.Arrived promptly, in good condition, a great value."
One of my friend's reccommended this book to me and I loved it!  It is a quick read (I was able to read it in a few hours)  I would recommend this book to anyone!
"this book has figurative meaning, and the characters grow and develop unlike any other book. Government systems are at a run for their money against animal farm!"
"I have read this several times over the years, a truly amazing read. Does require some interest in the politics of Russia's evolution during it's communist years"
"This is one of my favorite classics in the genre of British literature. This is an amazing political allegory, which was artfully written by Orwell. Superb read."
I thoroughly enjoyed his fast-paced read. Exciting and full of thought. This book has once again proven why it will will continue to be read by countless others.
"A book that reflects the russian revolution, it is ingenious writing and I  reccomend it to anyone for pleasure reading or just for some sentimental  literature."
I got this  for my class in high school and I love it.  This Is a book I will read alot of times. And I don't read a lot  but this book made me like reading.
"Arrived in a timely manner and in condition agreed upon. Makes a great gift for people who aren't big readers, but need to learn about the evils of tyranny."
"This book portrays George Orwell's views on the communist regime. Portrayed in a farm, where the animals govern themselves. A great Book this is a MUST read."
"Once written as a parody of the communist system, it actually works just as well as a contemporary parody of Corporate America.  The pigs are ingrained in the corporate culture - from Wall Street to Big-Box-Marts - and there is no shortage of dumb horses working to death to support them.  Certainly not the author's intent, but an extension that makes sense to anyone who has seen how small cliques of egomaniacs have managed to plunder the companies they drove into bankruptcy.  Barring an unexpected accelerated evolution of human nature, this is a classic that will forever remain relevant (and entertaining)."
I'm quite young to be reading this at age 13 but none the less this ids an amazing piece of literature that has an extremely powerful message about humanity
"Must read, especially in America's recent political climate.  I cannot recomend this book enough.  Glad to see it in an super affordable paperback edition."
"This book might not be that long, but it is truly amazing. It will make you think and realize how the world can change. If you have not read it, please do."
Interesting but predictable.  I was definitely expecting something a bit different.  Still a good classic read that provides an obvious lesson to learned.
Fantastic book for a historians that understand the modus operandi (MO) of tyrannical government .  Those that don't know history are doomed to repeat it.
an unbelievable story that makes a pretty real resemblance to historic situations. Orwell's insight and foresight was incredible. a very good history book
This is on the list of one hundred books to read.  It is very thought provoking.  I think this is stupid to have to write x number of words for a review.
"I had to read this book in high school.  Well, maybe I read it.  Maybe I read some of it....  I have read it now!  Great story.  Hindsight is wonderful."
"An excellent allegory for Stalinism...  Contrary to popular opinion, Orwell was a socialist.  Good warning for what any socialist state should NOT do..."
"The font size in this book must be 5 or 6. I have 20/20 vision and it is difficult to read, actually hurts after a few pages. I have no idea why someone would pring a book with such a small font.Do NOT buy this version of the book."
It should be required reading in high school and college.  Everyone should take this book seriously.  It is very simple reading but has a lot of depth.
Love the story (from what I remember) but this book was missing many pages. Buyer beware. Flip through the book and make sure all the pages are there.
I never read the book in high school so I decided it is one of those books you must read sometime in your life. It was very good. Interesting concept.
This is a great introduction to Communism.  It also provides an in depth view of how it can go wrong.  A lesson that we should all learn and remember.
Son asked for this is one of his favorite books. I was pleased to see a teenager enjoy a classic. Remember reading for english literature an enjoying.
"Thought it was a hard cover. Very small words, hard to read. Though the story itself is a must read, if you consider yourself literate and educated."
good
Good
Good
The book arrived in a timely manner and the packaging was thorough. I cant speak to the content of the book as it was a gift for my younger sister
"Yes, of course, its still great as is 1984 and Atlas Shrugged but if really want to understand whats going on today read Gulliver's Travels ! Heh."
Quickest Way To UnderstandSocialism. Children Get It. The ParallelS Are All there To Understand Freedom Versus Collectivism. I Recommend.
this is a really great book but has issueslike i would have liiked for snwball to be more involvedand i hate books that end sudden
"Classic example of literature, written in well combined sentences, and puts the reader into the world of the animals. Orwell should be praised"
Very interesting concept for a book.  The Geico pig reminds me of Squealer in Animal Farm.  Great book.!  Appropriate to read to kids as well.
"Excellent book, a timeless political manifesto.I read parts of speeches by the current administration and ideologies by today's politicos."
"Great novels don't have to be long.  As with ""A Christmas Carol"" or ""Of Mice and Men"" this little  masterpiece can be read in a couple of hours.  Elegantly written at the time as a satire on the Soviet Union and the world's reaction to what was going on there, it is now a cautionary tale for our own age as corrupt ruling structures chip away at our liberties and soak up more of our wealth, always assuring us that they know best and things are getting better all the time.  They have the statistics to prove it! Read it, enjoy it and take heed."
I needed it for school.  All copies from the library were checked out.  We ordered It and it arrived quickly (2 days).  I enjoyed reading it.
It is a short book but full of symbolism. George Orwell has written many other great books like 1984 and his writings are always interesting.
"Animal is quite remarakable.  The way it used the personificatiion of animals to portray communism was ahead of it's time.  The charachters also make the book stand out.  Most of all it shows how gullible we can be in a  certain situation, and for you to understand yourself better you have to  read animal farm."
"Animal is quite remarakable.  The way it used the personificatiion of animals to portray communism was ahead of it's time.  The charachters also make the book stand out.  Most of all it shows how gullible we can be in a  certain situation, and for you to understand yourself better you have to  read animal farm."
"Animal Farm was an intresting book about how animals take over the humans and run them off of their farm. Even though the book refers to animals, it is very ture about our human nature and how we like to take over and control things. The book was written after World War Two it is very ture in today's world."
"We Read this book in 9th Grade (just last year) and I thought it was really good!!!! Its a book that can be read at different levels with different meanings. I was very impressed with it, it was scary,  suspenseful, and sad. Deserves all 5 of the stars. You will never look at a  pig the same way again!!!!"
Awesome!
good job
"Goes over the events of the government in Russia in a new and enjoyable way, filled with symbolism about what happened when Joseph Stalin was the dictator of Russia. Great book for an educated reader but may prove not enjoyable for a reader who has not learned or is uninterested in Russia's government."
I was assigned this book by my literature teacher about a week ago and finished it a while ago. It was pretty good and in no parts was it boring or off subject. The only thing I have to say about this is that the ending  could have been a bit better. It was good but ould have been a little bit  better.
"Bush supporters will, of course, not find this to be a ""Helpful"" review, but here goes...What amazes me most about this classic is the universality of its lessons. One cannot help but see a parallel in the gradual watering down of its 7 commandments to today's Bush Neocons slowly but methodically dismantling the great principles of our country's foundation (USA) and our great social structures, little by little. Before long, what was utterly unthinkable a while back is considered, accepted, embraced. Likewise, we continue to see, as in Orwell's day, the rewriting of history through a sinister use of language and phraseology to deceive and control. But without a valuable awareness of the past, we have no reference point and we are easily duped.This book should be required reading for every human being, especially during this time of dangerous apathy. Even students, once relied upon to be the cutting edge of protest, today rally behind the hit song, ""Waiting for the World to Change""--just waiting it out instead of participating.Truly there is nothing new under the sun, as Orwell's allegory illustrates. We just need to be aware--and there is enough history behind us that we could easily BE aware. Because if we're not, woe are we."
"I first read this book when I was in elementary school. I have read it several times since and the message that I always come away with is this... No matter how well meaning someone is, they can become corrupted when given complete control. I think everyone should read this book. It is no fairy tale."
Fine
good
Gift
good
Good
Good
good
Good
Read this after reading 1984 and I like how the Orwellian ideas are portrayed in an animal world. Usually goes over children's heads....or does it?
I had to read this book for school 30 years ago. I really liked it especially when it was explained. My son is reading it now because he wants too!
"Orwell, the new generation's Johnothan Swift, outdid himself in this stirring book.  After reading the last sentence I just looked up in awe."
"this is a one of a kinda type of book. not only is it very creative, with a great plot line and all that in a bag of chips, it ""is also a political tract, a satire on human folly, a loud hee-haw at all who yearn for Utopia, [and] an allegorical lesson."" - Russel Baker. it has a vivid depiction of the conflict of Stalin and Trotsky. not only that, it also shows the rise and fall of a great utopian empire that later became the Soviet. this book, however, is also very good to read with children, for itz vocabulary level isnt all too high, and it is a very ""happy"" book, which makes it worse in some ways too. overall, this book deserves a 4 star for it's plot line and historic background. the reason it is not a 5 star book is because it is very predictable and too happy at times which ruin the true meaning of the book itself."
"This is one of my TOP TEN books, a book I always keep. ""All animals are created equal, but some animals are more equal than others."""
I am forced to give this book 5 stars it won't allow me to give it 4.99999 stars.The only thing I didn't like was that it was too short.
"It's by George Orwell - of course, I would like it.  Plus I gave it to my daughter explaining to her why this is banned in other countries."
The book is greatThe book was in excellent condition.  It shipped fast.If you have to read over the Summer this is an easy read
I'm glad I decided to read this book with my daughter for her Language Arts class assignment.  We had a blast discussing the book together.
"This was a really intriguing book, especially as it is so relevant to current societies. Well written, of course; I was thoroughly engaged."
"This novel is very well written, and when you start reading you can't stop anymore.I also recommend other books from the same author."
"If you want something deep, something different and something that takes your breath away, the you should read this story. I have to admit, when I first heard about it, I thought the man was mad, writing about some animals  on a farm, but when I read it, the metaphor stounded me and now he's one of  my favourite writer. How he tells the story from how the animals start the  rebellion against the humans and how it turns up against them is amazing to  read.  And remember: All animals are equal, but some are more equal than  others"
This book was very captivating. It took only one day to read. I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book to any reader.
Perfect My daughter will enjoy reading this book for her homeschooling summer assignment. Thank you for a good transaction. John
"Interesting read because of its status as a classic and critique of the time it was written, but not more captivating than that"
"The story of how absolute  power corrupts,and others stand around and let it happen.Something we should pay attention to today."
"I had to get this book for a class assignment, ended up loving the story!! Its an older book but one to get and read for sure!!"
I read 1984 first and then Animal Farm.  Both books are great!  I'm still wondering how the pigs learned to talk to the humans?
I enjoyed the read and the fact that I've finally read this book really helps.It's a classic that is good to read.
It's impossible not to like it.It's going to be on my child's bedtime shelf.You should read this book.
Part of a class reading assignment and they are slowly going through the reading of this book and making notes and questions.
"Great book, amazing similarity to what going on today with the government. They he know back than what was going to be today."
I think this was an amazing book which is a great way to show what happened in simpilar context and words. I loved this book.
"The book was how they described it no surprises, missing pages, or anything else undesirable. I am very happy with the book."
All the best!  So glad my 9th grader is reading all these wonderful books in his honor's English.  He got so much out of it.
A good book never really had my intrest but I never got board with the book and kind of hard to understand the entire time.
Novel point of view because from animals rather than humans.  Seems to have a lot of truths in it. Entertaining. Easy read.
great book explains about the soviet times. Also explains how harsh the times were in those days and how ruthless they were
Doesn't look like the picture on here which was a little disappointing.But it's still a great book and was in great shape.
"certainly not just about communism---this book shows us what it means to be human, whether we like it or not. a must read."
Very clever comparison of communism to an animal farm but I just expected more from this book considering it's a classic.
"It's a classic and is as true today as when it was written. As ""The Who"" said' ""Meet the new boss, same as the old boss!"""
"I thought Animal Farm was good as books went, but not as good as you hear when asking about it.  The characters and plot were well thought out, and were defined mostly by the communist take over of Russia.  The  representation of major players from the revolution was good for the most  part, but was missing some major players.  There were however some very  memorable moments in this book.  One particular one is when the windmill is  destroyed.  Overall the end result is that it is worth the price to buy  this book."
This was a required reading for my daughter this summer.  The book came quickly and in the exact condition that they said it would be.
"Outdated. It's time has passed. I suggest to instead buy and read 1984, Farenheit 451 or especially Brave New World over Animal Farm."
Really different novel. Love the meaning behind it. Kind of slow to develop. Hard to read the boring parts to get to the excitement.
"I receive it earlier, and it is great. This bookstore is effetely. I would buy another product in this book store in the next time."
"A great insight into the workings of society, by a man whose vision is eerily prophetic. A great read, and lessons to take note of."
"Read it every 5-10 years for the rest of your life.It is just a great book, and a complicated topic most elegantly presented."
Have not exactly finished reading this book. But this book seems like it is more than meets the eye. Looking forward to finish it!
The book is fine.  The problem is the printing was bad.  There are areas where the text isn't printed.  You get what you pay for.
"This is a book I read in high school, and now that my younger sibling is reading in h.s., All I can say is that I Love This Book."
I thought the book was very interesting. I recomend this book to everyone. It was one of the best books I have ever read.
I thought the book was very interesting. I recomend this book to everyone. It was one of the best books I have ever read.
"The plot of the book was god, only sometimes it was hard to tell where the plot was going; it wasn't predictable enough!"
I used this as part of a summer reading series for my 8th grade daughter.  It was a great introduction to Soviet History
"For the begining reader to improve the reading skill. In addition, the words in this book not difficult to understand."
Once I started with this book I did not stop all the way through. Reading it made me take a second look at our Gov't.
A classic story with a prophetic vision.  Should be a must read for all Americans by the time they're in high school.
"Yes we did received the Animal Farm story by George Orwell, BUT it wasn't the 50th Anniversary edition as advertised."
"Thanks for the book!! My daughter will surely enjoy reading for her school assignment, and the price was just right."
"You don't need a thirteen year old reader to tell you that this book is a masterpiece.Orwell's imaginative and creative mind is well displayed in this brilliant novel portraying modern government and human characteristics. The symbols in the book are so rich. Propaganda, intelligence, gullibility... all very carefully molded in the book.Again, Standing Ovation for author George Orwell for hitting a home run with literature."
As expected.
A great classic tale that you can read over and over again.  Perfect for a quick school report. Nice and easy read.
possibly the best satire ever written. i enjoyed all of the characters' individuality. i enjoyed the plot as well.
"Fabulous read! Book in itself is a counseling session, all young people should read and learn. I really loved it."
I would have given this 5 stars but I personally didn't like the ending. Overall it's still a good book to read.
"I bought this book for my son book report and he enjoy reading it. He enjoy this book he receive an ""A""."
"A novel that requires greater depth than just taking it as it is.Almost philosophical, a really great read."
"George Orwell's classic political allegory is many times seen as a metaphor for the Bolshevik Revolution, and it's characters are often seen as parallels for Marx, Trotsky, and Stalin. While this is true, Animal Farm is also in part an allegory of the government that can come about. Tyranny is bad, but Totalinarianism is no better, and the hunger for greater power is within us all, even if we begin with good intentions."
I've heard about this book for years and finally took the time to read it.  Amazing.  Scary and a fore-warning.
"Great product, the service was right on time and I greatly appreciated how the product was as it was advertised"
I would give a perfect 5 star but there was an indention on the spine. But overall pretty good condition
"it was a brand new book, exactly what i ordered. the book itself was boring, i had to get it for school."
This is a classic that should be read by all. It is a great improvisation of all human based scenarios.
It was an ok book wasn't bad thou I liked that the end it was a well written book and was good overall
great book  for school project and a very awesome price to go with it you can't go wrong with this !!!
"I LOVE THIS BOOK! A child like fable about a farm, yet it still holds the power of politcal uprising."
"The book is good, it does keep you reading. Would have been better if it had a more profound ending."
A GOOD BOOK WITH LOW PRICE. LIKE A NEW ONE. MY DAUGHTER LIKES IT TOO. IT'S FOR HER CLASS. THANK YOU!
The book was in great condition and was promptly delivered. I highly recommend using you guys again.
"It's an okay book, bought it so I could help a friend read it and help to get her ready for a test."
"If you like history/politics and know about the Russian revolution, then you will enjoy this book. It is written in a beautifully satirical manner, somewhat as a children's book would be written. Deeply disturbing, but  extremely funny in its exterior.This story actually made me feel ill,  when seeing, in this light, the injustices in the Russian Revolution."
This is a classic. Most people who have read it have enjoyed it very much. I know I certainly did.
"the book was good, a little drawn out but it had a good plot and didn't get deadly boring luckily."
Book was in good condition and will be given to my friend who needs it for school. Thanks so much.
Um well my son realy liked the book he had to read it for school. I'm glad I ordered it from here!
My teacher is using this book in a ESL class of writting. This book is very good and easy to read.
"ordered this for my sons summer reading, good price for a book that I couldn't find in the store."
Read this book and ask yourself if some of these thing could be going on in our times in America.
I think that it was great but even though it was a little boring it's still goodSo good job
got here fast got here fast got here fast got here fgot here fgogot here fast t here fast ast ast
My daughter liked this edition because it was laid out in a more modern way than the old one was.
Didn't like it.  It was not the version expected.  Nor was it the copy that was shown in the ad.
"Thought it was a normal book, it looks like a tale book, no regrets, but wasn't what I expected."
"Great characters, great story, and a simple, direct writing style. It can be read in about a half hour. One of the most touching and powerful stories I have ever read. If you're in High School you've probally have already  been required to read this for English. Unlike some books you might have to  read in High School, this book isn't a waste of your time."
This story is well written and describes communism in an important way [it is banned from Cuba]
"As a 6th grade girl I found the books methaphor for real life, and loved it all the more for it. I love sci-fi, and this book is a perfect person who wants something relatable to life (no unicorns and faries), but doesn't want realistic fiction. Of course, you can also take it literally, in which case it is a great book about talking farm animals."
"This book was well written, great style, easy to follow and told an important lesson. However, the lesson was originally written in opposition of communism in the 1950's. It is scary how closely the story line now runs to the situation in the US and our runaway congressmen and senators who now ""keep all the best grains and booze"" for themselves."
"The book Animal Farm by George Orwell is about the life on a farm. The animals and the farm duties are neglected and the animal are fled up with Farmer Jones. lead by a prize pig Major the animals decide to revelt. The  aminals take over the farm and run the farm for thenselves when doing this  they change the name to Animal Farm and then they were completely in  charge. later the story of the animals break the rule and make their own  rules for life on the farm.  This only leads to problems with the different  operation of the farm.This story is told in a simple strahtfoward style.  Also this story is fictitious story that is a fable. This means that is  usually has a moral and animals act like humans. Orwell did a excellent job  of making these animals look like humans. An example of this is how the  dogs still bite and growl and the still support Napoleon's drive for  political power. Another example is how the pigs eat mash and they also  drink whiskey. Also how they walk on two legs by the end of the story. For  me, the moral of this story was reveled in the last lines of the story.  ""Twelve voices were shouting in anger, and they were all alike. No  question, now what had happened to the faces of the pigs. The creature  outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man  again, but already it was imposible to say which was which""(p.p,139).  Also this story has great description that kept the students or readers  interested. This book was very the plot of the story very well. This  happened when the last commandment was written ""But some Animal are  more equal than othes"". This had been proven true when the pigs  rebelled from all other farm commandments and owner. This book seemed to be  very interesting and realist, for this reason I did liked. Even though  these were animals, their actions were  almost just like humans. This story  makes you see that there isn't a perfect society anywhere. However, there  is always someone who tries to prove themselves superior to others by  breaking the rules. This is a excellent book, you should read it. EXCELLENT  BOOK !"
Well written food for thought could have been written yesterday it's so right on. Brovo
"I ordered this book and received it fairly quickly but I was especially excited for it because it says it is a special edition where Ralph Steadman illustrated it but the book I got was just a regular copy of animal farm. Don't get me wrong, I'm very glad I have the book now but I just wish I got what I was expecting."
"1.Animal Farm, a political satire and a good  example of Social Darwinism: very close to  reality. THE SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST? 2.Animal  Farm is easy to understand and is for all  ages. The context to the  Russian Revolution is  very deep. 3.George Orwell is successful in writing  a  dramatic and exciting fable."
"this book is absolutely great i loved it.  the book is a satire explaining the russian revolution, but if you don't know anything about the revolution still read it because you could like it just as a animal book without any  satire at all. i saw it as satire as must people do, but it is a great book  anyway."
It's one of the best books involving communism I've ever read.  Nothing more to say.
George Orwell has done it again writing another good book after I just read 1984.
"Explained in my review of the book ""Seven League Boots"".  Clifford Bates"
"Orwell does a wonderful job of writing a simple allegory on the Bolshevic Revolution of the early 1900's.  It was very simple to understand and the idea of making the setting at a farm was great.  However, I felt it was a  bit unchallenging for my high school freshman honors english class."
"I can't say that this is an enjoyable book to read.  In fact, this is the most disturbing book I've ever read, and I can't see how anyone could say it's appropriate for children.  That being said, the book is brilliant.  Orwell's view of human nature is truly pessimistic and shocking..."
"Excellent, well written.  I bought it for my kids, but I also learned a lot."
"The print is RIDICULOUSLY SMALL! Have no idea why is was printed this way. Even my teen with perfect vision, said ""Mom, you've got to be kidding!"". Now I have to return the book and purchase a normal version. SHOULD HAVE READ THE ONE STAR REVIEWS FIRST. Live and learn."
"I first read this novel when I was in the army during the Korean War.  I was so impressed, I bought it for a grandson as a Christmas present.  That he hasn't got it, is only because Amazon has not yet shipped it. It is worth reading for all grandchildren 12 and older."
Nobody really notices that Animal Farm represents the russian revolution.
As expected.
Ok
ok

ty
"I haven't read this book since Jr. High, but it was just as good as I remembered it.  I couldn't keep the book down.  Made me really think about ""life"" and where our Nation is going.I would highly recommend this book to EVERYONE.  Pretty easy reading."
"As I suspected, this book reflects what is happening today in the United States. We've been a bunch of sheep and the greedy pigs are taking advantage of our appathy and laziness. Every citizen should read this book. It's a real eyeopener!"
A quick look into the world of Communism.  Orwell is a genius
A well written book. Addresses many issues that are just as relevant today as they were when the book was written. Orwell's writing style is clever and entertaining. A good insight into human nature and behaviour.
print was way too small. Needed a magnifying glass to read
Oh the horror! This book is a truly great depiction of why Communism Only works IN THEORY and not in reality. People and apparently animals too get deranged with power! Talk about animal instincts!
"If a leftist from Stanford U dis-likes it, I know I will enjoy it"
"Bought this for my mother's library. It's a good book to have in one's library. I have a copy in mine. She read it, of course, and enjoyed it, albeit it is kind of a horror story."
"George Orwell did an excellent job in the way he depicted human behavior during the Russian Revolution and the behaviors of the character in Animal Farm. This was a simple and short book, that was one of the reasons I chose  to read it. But after the first page, it's like you can put it down until  you've read every page. The characters in the book were not unlike many  politicians I have read and known about. For example, Napoleon, the pig,  represented Stalin and the way he ran Russian during the revolution. This a  great book and deserves to be read by anyone that can read. It's a  masterpiece in disguise."
"Animal FarmThe subtitle is A Fairy Story but that is wrong. The ten chapters of 128 pages is far too long for the classic fairy tale that has a few pages, occurs in a short space of time, and has a moral. The original fairy tales were often quite gruesome and were bowdlerized for children so they wouldnt ask embarrassing questions. You can read the original Hansel and Gretel and compare it to 20th century stories.The story about a society with hunger, hardship, and disappointment could be true of much of world. Does a society with plenty of food produce happier people? Disappointment, the result of not getting what you want, is ever part of human nature. The Santa Claus legend may teach children to live with disappointment. George Orwells death of TB suggests a failure to eat nourishing food (like butter and eggs) or get proper medical care.Like Brave New World this book has a reputation in excess of its real value. The story where changing propaganda sways popular opinion to align with current government policy is never ending. Remember Reagans sale of poison gas to Saddam Hussein and then Bushs 1991 war on Iraq? I think Sinclair Lewis did a better job attacking the corporate state (It Cant Happen Here). Orwells moral seems to be politics doesnt matter or be happy in your work.The problem with this book is that it is like a comic book without pictures. The author defines and describes this story, you cant criticize it because it does not claim to be a real history. Think of a comic skit on a TV show that parodies some real event. Orwell is in complete control, whatever he says is the story. Can animals exist without any conflicts? Even in the same species? Just watch some of the nature shows on TV for an answer. This story is believed by those who want it to be true and accept it all. Most farms have chickens (or ducks), two-legged creatures. Their absence is another false note."
"Animal Farm, George OrwellThe subtitle is ""A Fairy Story"" but that is wrong. The ten chapters of 128 pages is far too long for the classic fairy tale that has a few pages, occurs in a short space of time, and has a moral. The original fairy tales were often quite gruesome and were bowdlerized for children so they wouldn't ask embarrassing questions. You can read the original ""Hansel and Gretel"" and compare it to 20th century stories.The story about a society with hunger, hardship, and disappointment could be true of much of world. Does a society with plenty of food produce happier people? Disappointment, the result of not getting what you want, is ever part of human nature. The ""Santa Claus"" legend may teach children to live with disappointment. George Orwell's death of TB suggests a failure to eat nourishing food (like butter and eggs) or get proper medical care.Like ""Brave New World"" this book has a reputation in excess of its real value. The story where changing propaganda sways popular opinion to align with current government policy is never ending. Remember Reagan's sale of poison gas to Saddam Hussein and Bush's 1991 war on Iraq? I think Sinclair Lewis did a better job attacking the corporate state (""It Can't Happen Here""). Orwell's moral seems to be ""politics doesn't matter"" or ""be happy in your work"".The problem with this book is that it is like a comic book without pictures. The author defines and describes this story, you can't criticize it because it does not claim to be a real history. Think of a comic skit on a TV show that parodies some real event. Orwell is in complete control, whatever he says is the story. Can animals exist without any conflicts? Even in the same species? Just watch some of the ""nature"" shows on TV for an answer. This story is believed by those who want it to be true and accept it all."
"Blood, violence, revolution. As an allegory of the violent Russian Revolution, George Orwell's Animal Farm is a call back to the fairy tales of times past. Animals that possess the ability to think and act in a humanlike manner are the main characters, and their personalities and the events of the story directly parallel the events of the Bolshevik take over--and that is all. By sticking so closely to the original proceedings, Orwell has failed to create a story with any sense of originality. In Animal Farm, the animals of a man named Mr. Jones have grown tired of the cruel way he treats them and decide to revolt. Gaining their ideas from the teachings of a pig named Old Major and their leadership from two pigs named Napoleon and Snowball, the animals successfully take over the farm. Over the course of the book, the animals fight amongst themselves and against the humans, work to achieve prosperity, and eventually end up in a situation very similar to where they started. The animals of Animal Farm are so similar to famous figures in the Russian Revolution that it becomes possible to predict what they are likely to do next. It is easy to get caught up in looking for parallels between the animals and the Bolsheviks, rather than read the story for its own sake. To look at only the pigs, Old Major, with his talk of ""Rebellion! I do not know when that Rebellion will come, it might be in a week or in a hundred years, but I know, as surely as I see this straw beneath my feet, that sooner or later justice will be done,"" and point of addressing the other animals as `comrade', is a clear parallel of Karl Marx, from whom the Bolsheviks gained their ideas of socialism. Snowball and Napoleon, also, with their arguing and the eventual forced exile of Snowball, strongly resemble Trotsky and Lenin. For a reader looking to read about the Russian Revolution in a format more interesting than typical nonfiction historical accounts, Animal Farm is a good start. It is also good for a quick read, particularly if one wishes to learn a bit more about Orwell's writing style and perspective on socialism. It is not, however, a book that will appeal to a reader wanting to read an entirely unique and creative story."
"If anyone is looking for a creative and enjoyable book to read, they should take a look at Animal Farm by George Orwell. This book is about a group of farm animals who are mistreated and abused by their owner, Mr. Jones. One day, the animals on Mr. Jones' farm rebel and exile him and all of his workers out of the farm. The animals run the farm together and start a Marxist lifestyle, dividing the work equally, making fair rations and deciding on farm issues as a whole, with all of the animals equal.. However, the pigs, led by two named Napoleon and Snowball, begin to gain control by slowly building up support. Napoleon, due to vast disagreements with Snowball, runs him out of the farm and takes complete control in leading the animals. From this point on, the lives of the animals, especially the pigs, change forever. Napoleon becomes a dictator, and nothing is the same, or for that matter, ever will be. This book is very unique. Unlike many books where the author has you following one or a few key characters, George Orwell tells the story of the farm as one. There are still main characters, but you are not necessarily following that one character throughout the entire book. One of the main characters is the pig Napoleon. He is very much like a dictator. Much like Hitler, he works his way into power by lying to gain support. Once he has that power, he takes total control of the farm and forces the other animals to follow him and do as he says through fear. The story of the animal farm reminds me of the rise of the Soviet Union: communism turning to totalitarianism. I enjoyed greatly Animal Farm. George Orwell uses very strong language and the storyline really draws you in. I also thought that the way he made his entire book a metaphor of the Soviet government was incredibly creative. The characters are quite similar to regular people in their personalities and speech except that they have several views and reactions that you might expect an animal to have as well as hatred towards humans and the way of life. His concept of animals running a farm on their own is very unique. Because this concept is so unusual and intriguing, the book is somewhat difficult to comprehend, reminding me of my experiences with Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury. These two authors put ideas into each of these books that are so far off from the norm that it is hard to see what it would be like to live in the book. You could describe Animal Farm is a mix between the uniqueness of Fahrenheit 451 and the theme of talking animals in Babe by Dick King-Smith. I would recommend this book to people that enjoy fables, especially ones involving politics. If you like books like Fahrenheit 451, you will enjoy this Animal Farm by George Orwell."
"In August of 1945, war was still raging in the far east and the atomic bomb had yet been dropped on Japan, but George Orwell dropped his own bomb on International Communism, a bomb so overwhelming, that Stalin had no  comments to make to Truman when he asked Stalin about it.Animal Farm is  a wonderfully written political book on how the system works to make those  that work under them believe they are doing better than before, all the  while warning them of unforeseen enemies that might attack unless they do  as they are told. And when worse comes to worse, the system itself  purposely provokes a war with those unforeseen enemies in order to keep the  those that work under them in line.When George Orwell wrote Animal Farm,  he was directly speaking about Communism and the Red Revolution in Russia  of 1914. But after reading the book, we can easily apply it to our  Establishment here in the United States and most Western European Countries  today.The basic plot of the story is rather simple. The animals of a  farm, owned by one Mr. Jones, speak stories of revolution and throwing off  the human masters. They speak of slavery and oppression. Most importantly,  they speak of equality. Equality for all animals, or as they put it,  ""Four legs good, two legs bad!""During the whole course of this  book, it is always the pigs that decide how things are run, although in the  beginning a minority, they grow to be a majority in time. It is the pigs  who end up living in bliss while the other animals they work hard everyday  and live with nothing, but all the while they are told by the pigs that  they are in fact living with more than they were before the revolution. How  can the other animals argue with that, they say to themselves, they scarily  remember the days before the revolution, so the pigs must be right.In  the end, the animals learn a harsh lesson in life, as they look upon the  barn wall were in the beginning of the revolution, the pigs wrote down  seven commandments for the way the animal world should be, they learn that  over time the words that they all swore to live by have slowly changed with  time. ""All animals are equal"" no longer stood alone, but now had  an additional line added to it, namely, ""but some animals are more  equal than others.""I strongly recommend this book to everyone who  wishes to think and stop being a lemming in society. This book will give  you a strong understanding of how the System works, and when applied to  present day Western governments, it bares a strong resemblance. Whether or  not you believe the Jews are the System, when Orwell points out one species  of animal as being the masters and manipulators of that animal society, he  isn't talking about class, but race."
This is a good book to read if u have to read one for your summer reading for school it is short yet has a good meaning to it. I would definatly recoomend it to anyone!
this book was also ripped when i received it.
"Animal Farm is a sly way of teaching kids and adults alike the history of communism and why it cannot work in a world full of free societies.In Orwell's greatest book he successfully chastises communist governments and  ideals as he had intended.  This book is a good read for all generations  and most will find the story entertaining just based on it's face value.History and political buffs will find a bit more enjoyment with the  underlying meanings, but I would suggest this to anyone looking for a solid  read."
"This is not the actual book, I  returned it."
Shows how people can be used to push agendas
Fast shipping and was as described. Thanks!
"At 139 pages (this edition, anyway), ""Animal Farm"" is a novelette (as opposed to a full-blown novel), but it packs a hell of a punch.The plot is well-known by this point in time.  Over one thousand reviews appear here on Amazon alone, there have been numerous adaptations all over the world of Orwell's book, as well as being discussed in high schools and colleges nationwide and internationally.To say this should be required reading for people of all ages would be quite an understatement.  A person can read every single review here and/or hear other peoples' interpretations of ""Animal Farm,"" but that just cannot take the place of actually reading every single word of the novel to try to understand the complacency that takes place after Mr. Jones is disposed of and his attempt to get his farm back (later christened ""The Battle of the Cowshed"").  One *must* read this to be truly baffled as to why people (in this case, animals) accept half-cooked explanations for serious wrongs.It's well-known that Soviet Russia was the target of this novel (as well as ""1984""), but little did he know that, half a century later, it would be the United States that would be guilty of the same mindset they accused Soviet Russia of.  The scare tactics of this administration (junta) have managed to keep well-meaning people silent and complacent (every time Cheney and Bush are in trouble, up pops yet another ""terror plot"" that would have leveled military bases and entire airports that was foiled by a ""concerned citizen"").  The American government actually encourages people to keep tabs on each other by reporting ""suspicious activities"" - much as they do in communist Cuba and communist China (as in Russia before them).  And, all the while, the ferocious dogs (the American media) guard their masters (Cheney and Bush) unquestioningly.As one reads more and more of the book, they will (hopefully) start connecting the dots and realize they need to think for themselves and always fight for freedom, because, as the bumper sticker proclaims, ""If you ignore your rights, they will go away.""  - Donna Di Giacomo"
The book was in the condition stated: new.
"Animal FarmThe subtitle is ""A Fairy Story"" but that is wrong. The ten chapters of 128 pages is far too long for the classic fairy tale that has a few pages, occurs in a short space of time, and has a moral. The original fairy tales were often quite gruesome and were bowdlerized for children so they wouldn't ask embarrassing questions. You can read the original ""Hansel and Gretel"" and compare it to 20th century stories.The story about a society with hunger, hardship, and disappointment could be true of much of world. Does a society with plenty of food produce happier people? Disappointment, the result of not getting what you want, is ever part of human nature. The ""Santa Claus"" legend may teach children to live with disappointment. George Orwell's death of TB suggests a failure to eat nourishing food (like butter and eggs) or get proper medical care.Like ""Brave New World"" this book has a reputation in excess of its real value. The story where changing propaganda sways popular opinion to align with current government policy is never ending. Remember Reagan's sale of poison gas to Saddam Hussein and Bush's 1991 war on Iraq? I think Sinclair Lewis did a better job attacking the corporate state (""It Can't Happen Here""). Orwell's moral seems to be ""politics doesn't matter"" or ""be happy in your work""."
"Animal Farm may seem like a book about Old McDonald, but don't be deceived by it's title. The story is loosely based on Stalin's revolution, and other communist plots, starting with a simple plan to overthrow the evil humans. The animals see that there could never be equality on the farm when the pigs take supreme dictatorship over all animals after the 'revolution'. The deep and interesting plot of this captivating read is twisted and contorted throughout the book.My favorite part of the book is when the leader of the farm, Napoleon, changes the message his carrier pigeons send away to the outer world. His pigeons used to spread the slogan, ""Death to Humanity"", but change their slogan to ""Death to Fredrick."" Fredrick is their fellow farm that is still under rule of the evil humans that is supposedly hiding the traitor pig Snowball. I think it is funny to hear about pigs giving death threats to each other.I thought that Animal Farm was an interesting book that was a fun read. It is hard to recommend this book to anyone because of the levels of comprehension at which it can be read. Animal Farm can be interpreted in many different ways so it can be recommended to a number of different types of people. I liked Animal Farm because I thought it was funny that animals were making plots to overthrow the humans and it made me think, `What if this is really happening?'"
The book was for my son. He enjoyed it and I enjoyed hearing about it and relating it to when I was in school.
"This book is a very good symbolism of Soviet Russia. I do, however, wish there was one good thing to root for."
"Bought this book for my sons class, and he enjoyed reading it. did well in his class. better if it was e-book."
"I wonder, given the new ""order"" or things, if we aren't commencing upon a new farm of our own now....."
It is neat to put history with this book and compare the two. I also enjoined all the history in the appendix.
Meh
The product was received in a timely fashion.  It came in the appearance as it was described.  I was pleased.
In light of the government overreach today i wanted to refresh myself on the works of Orwell.  Well worth it.
A wonderful book. A must have. Writing bad reviews about it should be a federal crime!Really moves ye'.
Great book.  Great value. It is nice to catch up on some classics at a reasonable price.  Glad I purchased.
"It is completely eye-opening. What a terrific and timely read, especially considering the current social climate in our country and world."
"In this novel George Orwell creates a fairy tale story about talking animals that end up taking over a farm. Together these animals work together to run a farm without the help of humans.  They also divide up chores, write up a set of laws, and are even capable of defending the farm.The book has many examples of sybolism. The connections the reader is capable of making is infinite. These connections can be not only seen in particular characters, but also in the farm itself.I highly recommend this book to any reader."
I entered another edition of Animal Farm and was sub'd with this one.  Need to pay more attention when confirming items when I check out.
Easy read.Summary of politics.Makes you rethink who you should trust.I read this because my son was doing it at school.
This is about the 3rd time that I read this book since I first read it in high school (first time on my phone and iPad).  It's a classic.
In high school I was introduced to George Orwell when I first read 1984 for the first time. We weren't required to read animal farm. But I came to it in college when I read it on my own for the first time. For me it is Orwell's way of showing that Stalin's Russia was no workers paradise but a place where a small elite the pigs are working everyone to death and them when they are of no more use leading them to the slaughter. It is a book that looks on it's face quit simple but its really attacking a very complex subject.
Can't wait to discuss this with my students.  Even though it was written after WWII it is so appropriate for today's political situation
"This is the first time I've read the book (I'm in graduate school) and I find it bone-chillingly prophetic. Considering that Orwell wrote this classic in the 1940s, the story foretold the atrocities that occurred in Communist China and the Soviet Union. The story of the nature of greed and abuse of power only reaffirms the importance of freedom of expression. I like that the book is simple to read, and yet, is so full of allegories and metaphors. ""Animal Farm"" is a timeless masterpiece that deserves multiple readings!"
Yikes.  Looks like something someone printed in their basement.  It's huge and there was not way my child was taking it to high school.
I read this in High School and decided to reread it 35 years later.  I've added it to my post-retirement reading list.  It's THAT good.
"Animal Farm is one of my favorite books. As both a child and a veteran of the Cold War, as well as a high school English and history teacher, the story not only resonates with me, but I find it useful in teaching students about Stalinist Russia. If you have never read Animal Farm, do so."
"I read this book last year for school, and quickly became entranced with  it.  So far, its the best book I have ever read (but that may changes since  I'm getting very into literature, and reading more).  It left me with a  lesson about socialism that I'll never forget.  Truly amazing."
"By far one of the best novels I have ever read dealing with a troublesome topic.  Orwell masterfully describes Socialism and its shortcomings, and he does it in such a way that it is enjoyable.  I highly recommend this book  to anyone who really wants to discover excellent literature."
"I had to read this book in High School. And while I statred out not liking it, it grew on mw and upon reflection I have to agree that it is in fact a master piece. It's the ultimate book for suspending disbelief. This is a story to get lost in and appreciate the social comentary."
This is a great book. In order to enjoy it and acquire its true meaning you must be knowledgeable of your history. I would gladly recommend it to any friend or family member. It should be a book that very child reads at some point in his/her life before graduating high school.
"The font size used for this book is totally unacceptable.  I printed out a sample line of text on my laser printer, and the font size in this book is smaller than Cambria 6.  It is at most a 5, if not a 4. It never occurred to me to read user reviews on this book, because reviews generally focus on the content of the book.  I know what Animal Farm is about.  If I had checked the reviews, though, I would have seen the review by another customer who also rated this at 1 star because of the small print size."
"I don't know if there were warnings about this, but if so I missed them (so they were hidden).  We were shocked when we opened the package, as the book was tiny.  It was about 1/8"" thick in TOTAL, with all the pages inside written in about 2-point font.  We just wanted a normal size copy of the book for our son's school project.  Instead, he had to suffer through an entire novel's worth of squinting.  And, now we don't ""really"" have a copy of this classic.  Very surprising and disappointing."
"As described in the info. Thank you so much, I got exactly what i asked and hoped for. Its a factual book, its sad, a little suspenseful, and yet different, unique and worth reading. I decided to read it just for the hell of it, and I like it. George Orwell, you're a genius."
"There is a misunderstanding among some...this book does not symbolize communism.  It symbolizes the Russian Revolution.  Communism does not call for totalitarianism, but it calls for the absence of the state.  The  title of this review should tell you that you should learn about Russian  history before reading this book.  A few reviewers critisize this book  because there are talking animals in it.  They obviously don't know what  the book is supposed to symbolize.  Aside from the Russian Revolution,  this book symbolizes the dangers of totalitariansim in general.  Some  totalitarianism exists today...not only in ""communist"" states but  in the US as well, even if it is to a very minute degree.George  Orwell, by using animals to represent humans and a farm to represent  society, teaches us all a lesson...a lesson of what can happen when people  give up their common sense for the sake of social well-being.  It shows how  easily people can be influenced and how weak humans really are.  Learn  about totalitarianism and Russia, and then read this book...I guarantee you  will not be disappointed."
"Animal Farm is a great read, and should be require for all children in secondary school. When paired with the proper historical lessons (the Russian revolution, purges, and to some extent World War II) it is very entertaining and could serve as a powerful reinforcement."
I enjoyed reading animal farm it was  a very good book the kin  I really enjoy reading. So I give it a four
It was a required reading of my grandson.  That was the reason for purchase.  I did read it many years ago.
"Have been trying to find a copy for a long time. having read this book, it was great and thought provoking."
I loved this book. The characters were interesting. The story was compelling.  This book was overall great.
"Great insight into the workings of our world, no wonder it's a classic, ought to make us sit up and think."
"I enjoyed reading this book.  Short story, which makes a great point about who we allow to rule our lives."
"Interesting read to this day, even if you don't relate it to or know anything of the dictators of Russia."
I had to read this book for a literature course. the language was good i just didn't like the story line.
I downloaded this book to read along with my son. I found that it was very entertaining and easy to read.
i think that most all the comments have covered it all. I had to add mein little stament my kids love it.
"What can I say, this is a fabualous book!! George Orwell must have been a genuis.  He places a fairy tale shadow over the book and hides in a metaphor to the Russian Revolution.  This is truely a great read.  I read it in school but I loved it so much I'm going to by my own copy!! I would recommend this book to anyone!! Truely a masterpeice......."
"yes, you guessed it: English class. It took me some time to get the real meaning of this book, but the lessons I learned have been with me ever since. I never really knew what satire was until I read this book and now I applaud it. A terrific read and thoroughly inticing plot. Animals that talk? There's so much more to it than that...a great find."
"I read this excellent book, and wanted to read it again.  It shows how people (in this case, animals) change during time, and how we need to pay more attention to the animals we love.  George Orwell gives a world made of  animals who want away from the world of man and their slavery.  I think  that George Orwell is a wonderful author."
"Very quick read.  The preface by Baker was amazing and very insightful, the Woodhouse introduction was dull and drab - reminded me of h.s. English class.The names of the animals are hard to remember, but they are all on one  page at the beginning, so easy reference.  If you enjoyed 1984 and Brave New World, you will enjoy this."
"This book was a good one that went by in no time, the plot was simple, and the writing was easy to understand. To understand this book in depth you must know your history quite well. But overall if you want a fun read thats not meaningless mind candy, then read this. This book is very amusing and is definately worth you time."
"At first, this book seemed absurd-- we are reading it for my English 2 honors class and many people had questiond about the literal interpreataion of this book, ie, ""Animals can't talk!' but the book's message amazed  me more on every page, and I almost screamed at the end.  Terrifying, and a  must read."
"This classic ""fairy story"" was a short and quick read but its impact is nothing of the sort.It is well accepted that Animal Farm is a ridicule of the events and people following the Russian revolution but the dark themes have been echoed throughout history and into to the new millenium."
"The book is what my son needs for English reading requirements. When I bought it, it said in good condition. When I received it, it was highlighted and had tabs through out. Not what I have received in the past under the used-good condition rating."
good book
"This wonderful book is packed full of ideas and eyeopening concepts. As it is demonstrating the problems of scocity through totarialism pigs,dumb and misslead sheep, and other lovable(and hatable) characters. A true classic  through and through. A must have for all book lovers! Buy it!"
"My dad gave this book to me a couple of years ago.I read it and loved it! I've read it 5 times so far, and today, October 3, it's pemeiring on TNT on tv. I'm going to watch it!"
Would not have purchased this if I didn't love it. Asking someone to rate purchases like this is kind of senseless . . . . 99% of others may not like anything I like . . . . .
"Animal Farm is by far the best book I've read.  Orwell's ingenius satire is confusing at times but with even the slightest knowledge of the Soviet, one can love this book too."
"If you have a thing for democracy, you will enjoy George Orwells Animal Farm. Animal Farm is set on an English farm named Manor Farm, owned by Mr. Jones. The fable-like story concerns the rebellion of the farm animals, and is told entirely from their point of view. Though the book is filled with many different types of leadership;Kingship, Tyranny, Aristocracy, Oligarchy, Polity, and an overall Democracy. This book can teach you many lessons.The pigs as well as the other animals get tired of listening to Mr. Jones so they take it upon themselves to do as they please.Though quite scary to think that animals could actually take over anything but don't be alarmed, it's just a book."
used but in great condition - perfect for my high schooler's assignment - only one page had markings on it.  It did take a while to arrive - on the very last day of guarantee
This is a great book that should open up your mind.  I highly recommend this book to the younger generation. It should be required reading for everyone. Timeless............
Don't really remember this book from my school days.  It was interesting and a good read.  I know it's symbolic but the 'follower' animals are so stupid it gets irritating.
I really enjoyed this book. When you consider the historical perspective of the work it's hard not to attribute the characteristics of the characters to their inspirations.
"In the beginning, it may be a little slow to some people, but by the end, you will want to read it again and again. It is absolutely one of the best books i have ever read!"
I never have liked any kind of books like this  but I read this for summer reading and I loved it I can't wait to get to school this year and learn more about animal farm.
In very few pages Orwell manages to write a savage critique not only on the system of Communisin but also on capitalism.  In his tale the wrong doing is not the communist revalution itself but its betrayal by Nepolean and the other pigs and their return to Capitalism/feudalism.
"i just received the book, and i havent read it yet, but im impressed with the quality of the publication and printthe illustrations are outstanding, i really recommend this edition.As a tip i advice to read while hearing the album Animals from Pink Floyd ;)"
"The classic novel, as illustrated by Ralph Steadman's Pollackesque pen,  takes on a more sinister tone.  Steadman's disturbing explorations of the  unconscious turn Orwell's almost gentle, tragic personifications into a  frightening vision of Stalinesque horror."
I was in 6th grade when I first read ANIMAL FARM.  I am now in 8th grade and I am still finding different ways to interpret things.  I found it a great book and George Orwell did a wonderful job writing it.  It gives a great overview of the Russian Revolution.
"My mom suggested that I read this book.  She loved it when she was a child and I couldn't agree less.  I love this story. Basically, the animals revolt, but it is an interesting perspective and well written.  I would definitely recommend this as a must read."
"Just as the title says, you will love this one.  I first read it way back in High School; part of my required readings for my English class.  There is good reason it is required in many schools- A timeless classic.  Makes you enjoy reading."
"I clicked I Love It but I really don't.  Didn't like it in high school and don't like it now.  Bought it for a freshman English class my daughter is taking.  She didn't like it either.  But.  If you have to take it, this is an OK edition."
This book is excellent characterization of the differences of democracy and capitalism.  The animals are used to help us picture humans in different types of societies.  A very engrossing book although hard to get into at first.
"I only bought the book because our book club chose it.  I saw the animated film version years ago and as I remember it was very effective. I only read a few pages as I had no real wish to read it knowing what a gloomy tale it told.  From the little I read I could tell it has become somewhat dated as communism is no longer the dire threat to western civilisatiion it was when the book came out.  Of course, the corruptive influence of power is ever with us as is totalitarianism in various guises around the world.  And I do think George Orwell did pigs a disservice; they are fine animals and as far as I know they have shown no signs of wishing to rule the world."
the book is about a farm where the animals revolt and set up somthing called animalism which represents true comunism but soon goes wrong alot like the soviet union and the pigs resemble many soviet leaders such as  stalin
Good product.  Thanks.
"In this book, Old Major puts the idea of rebellion into the animal's heads.  Soon after the animals overthrow Mr. Jones.  Now the animals are free, and have Napoleon, Snowball, and Squealer for leaders.  But all is not well on Animal Farm; Snoeball and Napoleon are fighting. Napoleon fights Snowball and chases him out of the farm.  But the pigs start to treat the other animals badly.  The pigs make the other animals do all of the work. Then the pigs start to break the seven commandments. At the end of the book the pigs start using the ways of the humans, which is the thing they said they would never do in the beginning.  This book is interesting and it's neat how the author used this book to depict the ways of totalitarianism."
"The book ""Animal Farm"" by George Orwell, was a great book. The book was about a farm that was taken over by the animals. When the animals take over they decide to keep it under control. The only problem is that it just like before only instead of the owner (Mr.Joans) it's the two young pigs napoleon and snowball. Another problem is napoleon and snowball are agents each other cause snowball wants the farm to be a democracy and napoleon wanted it to be a communism.  This book shows great symbolism with animals and forms of government. It shows totalitarianism, communism, democracy, and anarchy. I think this is a good book for guys that are interested in destruction and action."
good book for school
Anyone thinking of starting a revolution should READ THIS BOOK!
"Manor Farm is taken over by the resident farm animals in a revolution.  The farmer is ousted off the property.  From the initial communal society, a tyrant ruling class arises (the pigs).Very insightful and more than a little distressing.  A fitting allegory to various dictatorships or (I'm sad to say) even our so-called representative government - which representatives in many regards have evolved from service to ruler status).Orwell's book seems like a concept and idea which should have been thought of and written by other authors in even earlier times.  It remains timeless.Not as good as ""1984"", but important and worth the quick read."
where are the sheep
"The book I recommend is called "" Animal Farm"", by George Orwell.  I recommend this book simply because I am reading it, and I couldn't think of any books I considered good.  I rated this book 5.  Want to know how animals kick their owner out and kept the farm to themselves?  Read this book.  I like this book because I like animals.  I haven't finished this book, the part I read upto talks about the animals grouped together and kicked out their owner.  They worked very hard and made a lot of money.  People in the near town who tried to take over the farm from those animals all failed.  That's all I know about this book"
"I thought this book was very interesting. I thought it was cool how the animals formed together to get rid of Mr. Jones.But one of the things I didn't really like about this book was how the animals were able to talk to humans. But, I did like it how the animals never gave up. Even when everyone was against them, when the windmill kept getting destroyed, and when they found out that Snowball was betraying them, they still found a way to pull through together, and not fall apart like you think they would.All in all i thought this book was fairly good, and i would only recommend it to people that are into fiction."
"You place a cover on this gem that equates a free market capitalist with Animal Farms anti Communist message.Orwell must be spinning in his grave.  Who is the liberal dbag who has totally bent the message of this book with this cover.  I am sure the liberal D bags will love this but if we didn't already know the media, hollyweird and the publishing industry weren't in the tank for the D's is this not clear enough.  Have you no shame, have you no fear, as the pigs did not, that the rabble won't rise up when they see you for what you are?"
"Very poor quality, extremely small print, several typos detected. Useless as a gift for a middle schooler; perhaps acceptable as a source for a under or post grad, but would not trust its reliability as a text."
"This classic was ordered for my son. This classic is going to be used in my son's AP English class. So, in addition to the copy issued by his instructor, the ordered edition will be for my son's home studies."
"I found this allegory to be an excellent book!  I have read part of 1984, another of Orwell's books, and I did not enjoy that book nearly as much as I enjoyed Animal Farm.  This book is a must read!"
"The main ideas in George Orwell's Animal Farm are based on the history of the Russian Revolution in 1917.  For a 9th grade student, or for anyone with a limited knowledge of Russian history, it is difficult to compare all  the book's characters to the historical Russian figures.  A better  background in history would have made the book more meaningful.  The  characters in Animal Farm are well-developed.  It is an interesting story  on a basic level, even if you do not know much about Czar Nicholas II.  The  faults of the communist style of government are evident.  For example,  although all the animals are suppose to be equal, some animals, such as the  pigs, are more equal than others.  One of the most memorable parts of  Orwell's book is when I saw the true side of Napoleon.  When he takes the  pups away from their mother, trains them to attack, and orders them to go  after Snowball, we see what Napoleon is really like.  From that point on, I  was not surprised by Napoleon's actions.  I disliked him and his lack of  respect for the other animals.  You'll understand Animal Farm better on a  deeper level if you know something about Russian history and events leading  up to the Revolution."
haven't finished it yet- purchased for a political science class. If you like stories about the inmates running the asylum this is a book for you. With freedom from tyranny comes responsibility.
"Although the book does have some meaning, the overall concept is dumb:  talking animals who can read and write, as well as eventually wear clothes? For a while, I thought the book was a joke."
"I rated Animal farm like this because I thought it was a funny book and easy to follow. I disliked the last page. It was very confusing. Finally, I would recommend this for ages 10 to adult."
"The seller said the book was in like new condition. However, the condition of the book was overstated in my opinion. The book was also shipped after the date range the seller provided."
I loved this book but I wish it had been longer and that at least a few animals got rid of the pigs and the dogs so the animals could rule the farm together without becoming human.
"This book treats a very interesting issue which is, in my opinion, still very current. A revolution with a totalitarian regime following afterwards was and is still very likely to happen today. the book gets partly boring, that is in the middle of it when it is described how things get worse for the andimals but nothing actually happens. I think it is useful and important to read the book, but it is not to be read if you want something enjoyable."
Book is five stars no doubt. I am very disappointed that there are no illustrations in the kindle edition.  The description states it is lavishly illustrated.
"Perhaps I missed something in ordering this version of Animal Farm....maybe the (very) small print warning that the type size in this small booklet is so small that a magnifying glass is required in order to read it. If you have read other versions of Animal Farm, you know that while it is not a particularly long book it is certainly longer than the booklet-size that this particular version. Total waste of money from a usefulness standpoint."
A++++
"I am so angry that I didn't read Karin's review before I bought this ""book"". You should be ashamed of yourselves for fleecing us like that. My son, who has perfect vision, needs a magnifying glass to read the print. Now I have to order another for his class. I'll never buy from here again."
"I personally am not reading this book, but was so happy when I found it on amazon.  My son needed it for a summer assignment for his English class."
"if you know anything about how wrong socialism and communism are, or even if you don't this book is a staple you have to read it to know anything"
The book is printed in like size 2 font.  Who wants to read a book using a magnifying glass?  Not me.
"Its and old story times have changed but people have not! And it is not poorly written. But who am I , I'am just a reader not awritter."
Why is this no longer required reading for advanced English??  Absolutely unthinkable.I still had my children and grandchildren read this.
"When a good idea goes bad, this is the outcome. Even the best laid plans have flaws.  However, when the creator of the plan originally had ulterior motitives, the worst usually occurs.It teaches many lessons that would  not be realized without the help of an English teacher, but those are more  of a sub-plot.An excellent book by any means.  A good pocket book."
I was surprised how fast this order arrived. My son doesn't have to nag me for the rest of the week :))Thanks!Lito C.
The book was in better condition than expected.  The seller went above and beyond to accommodate us as well.  Great experience!
GOOD
Who couldn't love this classic Orwellian tale?  Four legs good; two legs bad.  I'd rather have no tail and no flies ...
"This novel was extremely interesting; the concept of animals overthrowing humans and later mocking them is extraordinary. Also, the relation between the test and historical events adds a lot. This was one of the best books I have ever read. I recommend this book to anyone! The characters are pefect aswell as the storyline."
The Animal Farm was a very interesting book written by George Orwell.  If you didn't pay attention closely you could miss something important.  The book was held at the end of World War 2 at a farm.  The farm contained many walking and talking animals using personification.  This book was very entertaining and amusing.
The animal Farm was an incredible book. I liked it alot except for the animals drinking and smoking. It had great personification. I liked the way they all worked together and did their jobs. I think that they worked hard to get what they got and they deserved it. It will be read by everyone and enjoyed one day.
This book made a great gift for my son...he really enjoyed this classic enhanced with the great illustrations...
"to all whom might be interested,my husband read this novel as a young boy and loved it.as our eldest daughter,who is eleven,really enjoys reading,he recommendedshe give it a try.well,she love it too and thinks it is well worth the read.enjoy readingmrs sj allsopp"
ENTERTAINING ALLEGORY OF SOCIALISM - QUICK AND ENTERTAINING READ. THE SYMBOLISM WAS VERY EASY TO PICK UP ON.
"A must-read for students and adults alike.  Socialism/Communism always leads to tyranny, death & destruction.  It sounds good but doesn't work in practical life - because of Human Nature.  Bought this for my grandson and he's excited about reading it."
Entertaining and very insightful. Quick read and will keep you hooked right up till the end.
hey
wow
The book I bought and recieved in a timely manner and the book was in excellent condition.
"Remember the days when ""conservatives"" claimed to be for smaller government, lower taxes, lower spending, etc ... ? Well, what happened when they won the presidency in the 1980s followed by congressional takeover in 1994 with the same ""conservatives"" and their ilk still controlling all 3 branches of government and most of the state and local legislatures? Nothing's changed for the better. Just like what happened in Animal Farm, there's always oppressors and suppressors protesting their policies especially when it comes to the war in Iraq, cooking the books and laws, intervening as was the ugly case in the Terri Schiavo tragedy, spending and wasting even more taxpayer money on illegal wars and riches for the already well to do, etc ... Even most rightwing talkshow hosts these days are unable to digest, but are forced to admit, the fact that these ""borrow and spend conservatives"" are far worse than ""tax and spend liberals"". In fact, today's so-called ""conservatives"" who promised an end to communism and the Cold-War have already allowed Putin of Russia to run a dictatorship while acting like the same kind of communists they used to complain about. Just like it happened in Animal Farm, people are unable to tell the difference between the folks they threw out of power and their replacements who originally came in to power giving false promises of better this and better that. All in all, this is a MUST HAVE book for people of all ages as it is becoming EXTREMELY IMPORTANT that we citizens wake up and hold the HYPOCRITES in power accountable just like we did the the ones we threw out before it's TOO LATE."
"I came to read this book because of many recomendations made by friends and teachers and to my supprise, it was bad. This author went on and on explaining every intimate detail boring me to tears. I don't recommend it  at all."
"I actually thought this book was very well written and thought out. I even enjoyed it although I wasn't sure at first. I cannot recommend it to anyone though, unless you really know what you're getting yourself into."
The amessage is a tired one and the allegory is not very deep. A good read for high schoolers to introduce them to lit criticism but it doesnt hold up compared to more well-written modern classics.
"Animal Farm is a great book. Depending on how old you are you will look at this book differently. It can either be seen as a Fairy Tale or Fact. The truth is this book is a great portrail of the Russian Revolution. Its an  easy read and can easily be finished in a sitting or two. I recommend that  everyone should read this not only because its a great book but at the same  time, its part of our history."
"ANIMAL FARM BY GEORGE ORWELL COPYRIGHT 1954ANIMAL FARM TAKES PLACE ON A FARM IN THE ENGLAND COUNTRYSIDE CALLED MANOR FARM (RUSSIA). THE ANIMALS GET THE IDEA THAT THEY COULD RUN THE FARM BETTER ON THEIR OWN FROM A DIEING PIG NAMED OLD MAJOR (KARL MARX). THE OWNER OF THE FARM, FARMER JONES (CZAR NICHOLAS II) IS AN ALCOHOLIC AND SO ARE THE 4 HELP HANDS. THEN SEVERAL MONTHS AFTER MAJORS SPEECH JONES AND HIS MEN FORGET TO FEED THE ANIMALS. THEY GET SO HUNGRY THAT THEY BREAK INTO THE FEED SHED. WHEN JONES AND HIS MEN COME TO GET THEM OUT THE ANIMALS CHASE THEM RIGHT OF THE FARM. THEY THEN MAKE 7 COMMANDMENTS. THE JIST OF ALL THE COMMANDMENTS IS DON'T BE LIKE THE HUMANS. THE PIGS ARE VERY SMART AND THE SHEEP ARE VERY VERY STUPID. FOR A WHOLE YEAR THINGS GO WELL. BOXER AND CLOVER (THE WORK FORCE WHO ARE TO IGNORANT TO UNDERSTAND) DO MOST OF THE WORK. BOTH ARE DRAUGHT HORSES BUT OF THE 2 BOXER IS BY FAR THE STRONGEST. THE PIGS HARDLY WORK. THEN THE 3 DOGS GIVE BIRTH TO PUPPIES, IN BETWEEN THEM THEY HAVE 9. NOW AT THIS TIME 2 OF THE PIGS START TO FIGHT FOR LEADERSHIP, THEY ARE SNOWBALL (TROTSKY) AND NAPOLEON (STALIN). SNOWBALL HAS THE ANIMALS AND THEIR WELFARE IN MIND WHILE ON THE OTHER HAND NAPOLEON HAS HIS OWN COMFORT IN MIND. NAPOLEON SAYS THAT HE WILL TEACH THE PUPPIES. DURING THE NEXT YEAR, THERE ARE MANY QUARRELS IN BETWEEN NAPOLEON AND SNOWBALL. THEN ONE NIGHT DURING A DEBATE NAPOLEON SETS THE PUPPIES NOW FULL-GROWN DOGS (STALIN'S SECRET POLICE) ON SNOWBALL. THEY CHASE HIM RIGHT OFF THE FARM. NAPOLEON NOW WANTS TO BUILD A WINDMILL; IT WILL TAKE THEM 2 YEARS HE SAYS. AFTER ONE YEAR OF WORK THERE IS A GREAT WIND THAT KNOCKS THE WINDMILL RIGHT OVER. BY NOW THE PIGS HAVE ALTERED ALL THE RULES SO THAT THEY CAN LIVE IN THE HOUSE, SLEEP IN THE BEDS, WEAR CLOTHES ECT...THEY DON'T WORK AT ALL. THE OTHER ANIMALS (ALL BUT THE DOGS) ARE STARVING.BOXER IS NOW GETTING UP EARLIER AND GOING TO BED LATER THAN ANYBODY ELSE. IN ONE MORE YEAR, THE WINDMILL IS DONE AND THE WALLS ARE TWICE AS THICK AS BEFORE. THEN THE NEIGHBORS COME AND DYNAMITE THE WINDMILL. THEY BEGIN TO REBUILD IT AGAIN. BOXER HAS LUNG TROUBLES NOT LONG AFTER THEY BEGIN TO REBUILD. A VAN IS TO COME TO TAKE HIM TO THE HOSPITAL AND WHEN THEY HAVE LOADED BOXER IN ONE OF THE ANIMALS NOTICES THAT IT CAME FROM THE GLUE FACTORY, THEY CAN TELL BY THE LETTERING ON THE SIDE. BOXER IS NEVER SEEN AGAIN. SQUEALER (THE RUSSIAN MEDIA) EXPLAINS THAT THE DOC JUST BOUGHT THE WAGON AND HADN'T HAD TIME TO REPAINT IT. THE STORY WASN'T TRUE OF COURSE. POOR BOXER. FINALLY THE WINDMILL IS DONE. IN THE END THE PIGS ARE ALCOHOLICS AND ARE ON GOOD TERMS WITH MEN. THE OTHER ANIMALS ARE DOWN RIGHT MISERABLE. THEN THERE IS ONLY ONE COMMANDMENT ""ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL BUT SOME ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS."""
"George Orwell is a genious Literate and I say that with the upmost pride in my voice. George Orwell not only took a subject that at the time,it was still 1945 may I remind you,was basically attacking the Russian system of communism. Now of course Russia, then the Soviet Union or U.S.S.R., is no longer under communist rule, but at the time we were still fighting in World War 2 and Russia was an Allied Force. Well obviously publishers werent scrambling to get a book that attacked a country that was aiding them in the fight against Mousolinni,Hitler,and Hirohito. The book starts off as a symbol of the start of the Russian revolt when Major(A play off of political prophet Karl Marx)urges a revolt against the dastardly doings of Farmer Jones(A play off of Czar Nicholos 2)and point in case they listen. Days later Farmer Jones forgets to feed the animals, soon afterwards all hell breaks loose. Being led by two strong leaders Snowball(A play off of Trotsky, I think his first name was Leon)and Napoleon(A play off of Infamous, yet cruel leader Joseph Stalin)the animals decide to wage a war against the humans and overthrow their corrupt regime(The humans represent the Capitalists woh exploit the weak). May I remind you the intentions are still good here, that is untill the idea of the Windmill(Russian Industry Modernizing) comes up....At first Snowball proposes a windmill so the stalls can be lighted and have flowing water by the power of hydroelectricity, however Napolean disagrees. Sensing his power running short and the people siding with him, Napolean gets the Dogs(A play off the KBG)to chase Snowball out of the Farm. Now its just Napolean, a lone dictator with a bad mind set, so whom does he get to explain he was for the windmill after all? Squealer thats who!(The representation of the Russian Media)After squealer explains it to the ignorant animals all but a few whom understand what is happening(Particalarly a stubborn mule named Benjamin who represents the witnesses of corruption but stand by and do nothing)and to the one follower whom belives his ""Friendly Dictator"" is always right, I'm talking of course about Boxer(Who represents the Unskilled Labor class)whose later sold,In a very sad scene, to a glue factory by the one he belives is always right. Later on Moses the wise raven comes in and(representing the Orthodox church of the time)tells of magical Sugarcandy Mountain and its glory of ripe windfall apples and sugarcake.Twoards the end the Pigs(communist party loyalists)take total control and leave the farm in hell, worse than it was with Farmer Jones...and twoards the end of the book in a stunning final word from Mr. George Orwell...""Soon they looked from the men to the pigs, the pigs to the men, and back to the men and could not tell the difference."""
"When speaking of posts-World War II books, three come to my mind, Fahrenheit 451, 1984, and Animal Farm. All are best read, but Animal Farm ticks out of the bunch for a good reason. It is a great anti-communist essay and beloved childrens fable mixed into one. Do not let the children fable part scare you off, it is there to help give analogies to certain things.I cannot top reading his once I have started, and I'm sure that my kids will love to read about the struggles of Snowball and Napoleon. Do not pass by this book."
"Animal Farm is a book that was written very well. Orwell's talent amazes me in this classic about (on the surface) animals taking over the farm they live on. When reading this book though, it becomes very clear that it is actually based upon the real events of the Russian Revolution, each animal representing a special person in history or a certain genre of people. I would recommend this book to anyone who hasn't already read it. It's a shame that Orwell had to die so young; I bet that he had a lot more classics to come."
"I think that George Orwell's book is a great book. It does have some seriouos topics like war,death,freedom, etc. But overall the book brings a lighthearted mood beacuse of its useage of animals as characters. This book  can be read by many levels from young teen to adult. Mainly because of its  use of animals as characters. That is the key in Orwells' book. So If you  are looking for a good book that is not like any other you will read i  would imagine that you should pick up Orwell's book at www.amazon.com!"
No page number.
"I liked this book because it was a very interesting book to read. I even learned much about Communism. I find that it's a very good idea to write a book about Communism, in a way that it's not too difficult to understand the important things. It's something special to write a political story with animals. And that's what I liked, because it's very easy to understand. Sometimes, it was very hard to read this book, for example when old major and boxer are killed. But that's how real life is."
"I was bawling like a baby over how poor old Boxer was done!! I think that when one back at all the villains that have existed in literature, Orwell 's Napoleon is often overlooked! I wanted him roasting on a spit along with that pathetic Squeaker.  One thing I did wonder was if Old Major gave the speech that started it all already with the plan for the pigs to take over. Or if he truly in his heart saw a utopia in which all animals had free will and were all considered equal. Ideas?"
Excellent read
very inspiring
"Little separates this book from the actual Russian Revolution at all but the names of the animals.  It was brilliant to read at the same time as reading of Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin, but if you have no interest in Communism or the Communist movement as an historical event, the book seems to drag on despite being so short.  I would suggest it to any student studying Marxist doctrine or the Cold War."
The white book with the pink pig is not on my cover. My cover indicates that it is the 50th Anniversary Edition.  Not what I ordered...but the worst of it is that the book I was sent is old with yellow pages!!! It cost me $11.25!  That is a rip-off...not to mention that the teacher requires the version with the pink pig on it...the cover shown when ordering. Ridiculous!
"This book really widened my eyes to the developement of domesticated animals. I began to visualize all of this happening. I thought about the animals revolting against the the humans and them just giving up. My favorite character was Squealer. He was a loud mouthed liar who used wonderful words and got away with it. Overall, I didn't really understand it and I got confused during it a lot."
"Animal Farm was a book that inspired me. The book let me see through my eyes that cruelty can punish you. You must treat other well so that you can be treated well. I learned that power currupts people. Ruling over people only makes you powerful, but not friendly.Life can be tough for animals. I learned a lesson. You should treat your animal just like humans."
"There was a day school kids had to read this book. Then the Liberals starting taking over. They don't want you reading this as it explains what's happening in our Country today. I bought two copies, one for each of my kids. They will read it, and without my saying anything, my son has all ready connected it to what's happening in Washington. Great Book!!!"
"Animal Farm, George OrwellThe subtitle is ""A Fairy Story"" but that is wrong. The ten chapters of 128 pages is far too long for the classic fairy tale that has a few pages, occurs in a short space of time, and has a moral. The original fairy tales were often quite gruesome and were bowdlerized for children so they wouldn't ask embarrassing questions. You can read the original ""Hansel and Gretel"" and compare it to 20th century stories.The story about a society with hunger, hardship, and disappointment could be true of much of world. Does a society with plenty of food produce happier people? Disappointment, the result of not getting what you want, is ever part of human nature. The ""Santa Claus"" legend may teach children to live with disappointment. George Orwell's death of TB suggests a failure to eat nourishing food (like butter and eggs) or get proper medical care.Like ""Brave New World"" this book has a reputation in excess of its real value. The story where changing propaganda sways popular opinion to align with current government policy is never ending. Remember Reagan's sale of poison gas to Saddam Hussein and Bush's 1991 war on Iraq? I think Sinclair Lewis did a better job attacking the corporate state (""It Can't Happen Here""). Orwell's moral seems to be ""politics doesn't matter"" or ""be happy in your work"".The problem with this book is that it is like a comic book without pictures. The author defines and describes this story, you can't criticize it because it does not claim to be a real history. Think of a comic skit on a TV show that parodies some real event. Orwell is in complete control, whatever he says is the story. Can animals exist without any conflicts? Even in the same species? Just watch some of the ""nature"" shows on TV for an answer. This story is believed by those who want it to be true and accept it all."
"On one hand I found the book interesting, because it shows how someone gains power. On the other hand, I didn`t like the book, because it is very detailed, with many unimportant things. This made it boring to read. I think that you should read it, if you are interested in the russian revolution, but if you aren`t, I wouldn`t read it if I was you."
It was okay.
I'm a freshman at highschool and in my english class we read tis book. I instantly liked this book because 1. it never got bring 2. there was some truth behind the book 3. it had sme commical momments.The book is basically a satire of the Russian Revolution and in my opinion a satire of our up to date government
Animal farm is about an animal farm revolting ageist the human running the farm. Its a metaphoric story of communism in Russia.This book was interesting in the thought of animals playing the parts of humans. It is well written but a little boring at parts. Over all i would rate this 3 stars.
Animal farm is about an animal farm revolting ageist the human running the farm. Its a metaphoric story of communism in Russia.This book was interesting in the thought of animals playing the parts of humans. It is well written but a little boring at parts. Over all i would rate this 3 stars.
"SHOULD BE --- AND HOPEFULLY STILL IS --- REQUIRED READING FOR ALL MIDDLE SCHOOL STUDENTS.  IF EVERY AMERICAN WERE TO READ THIS MASTERPIECE, THERE WOULD BE A GREATER LIKELIHOOD THAT OUR GRANDCHILDREN WOULD RETAIN THE FREEDOMS THAT SO MANY GENERATIONS OF AMERICANS HAVE FOUGHT AND DIED FOR."
"One star not due to story - I am a fan of this story and George Orwell.I am also a fan of Ralph Steadman, the illustrator (also famous for his illustrations in Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas, Hunter Thompson)If you are buying this to read Animal Farm, fine (but there are less expensive options in Kindle)DO NOT BUY if you want the Steadman Illustrations - they do not appear in the Kindle version!! I have asked for a refund.."
Not great.
"OMG. I read this a billion years ago but decided to reread it. I had forgotten how strongly I was affected previously and experienced that same result with this reading.I KNOW (of course) that this is fiction. I KNOW that its purpose was propaganda. I KNOW it is an allegory. I KNOW ,OK?Regardless, I am still bowed down with grief, with helplessness, with hopelessness.There are too many Napoleons and too few Boxers in our world and that will never change.Human nature never changes from its piggishness.Sigh.DL"
"This was a great book.  It was about a Farm with all sorts of Animals. The animals get sick of being tired of human control. There are all kinds of animals, Pigs, ducks, horses, sheep, mules, geese, and even mice. The pigs are the leaders, being the smartest animals, and take advantage of less intelligent animals. It shows the negative side of totalitarian leadership. The book was very heart-warming story about a horrible government and the struggle to stay alive. It explained the charters so well it seemed that you know them. It is a very sad book but still makes you smile."
"This book is about a group of mad animals that try to take over their owner's farm. At first, everything goes well, and everyone cooperate with each other. But, as time passes, trouble occurs and life gets hard.Read the book to find out what will happen next!"
"The master of futuristic thinking once again seamlessly weaves the world of farm animals with Communism. If Napolean is really a dolphin, then machine politics is the hoop that he jumps through. I still think it should  have been titled ""Farm Animals."""
"Animal Farm is a typical book for school. It is well written. I found it is written in an easy language, so it is easy to read. I think it ia a good book for everyone, who likes George Orwell or other books, which were written in the same style."
Those animals were very stupid. They didn't know what they wanted. Throughout the book they were changing the rules. By reading the first page you could already tell that there type of government was going to fail.  Stupid ending.
"this is a book i was forced to read in school back in the day.its like this ""charlottes web"" meets ""1984"" style book full of political symbolism.apparantly,writer george orwell was living in some communist place and wrote a story about animals that talk and are as intelligent as humans.well one day the animals decide to take over.supposedly its all symbolic of the communist goverment under which he lived.anyway,its educational and fun so read it!"
"When I told everyone that communism dosen't work,they didn'y quite under stand my reasons.Now,after telling the story from this book,a 2nd grader could understand it."
"It's literally the same thing over and over again. You could read the first four chapters and the last chapter and understand what's happening. Plus, the ending is the most depressing situation George Orwell could've thought up. I had to read it for school, and I can promise I'm never reading it again."
"this is rly good 4 s1 reading animal farm in school! you can click on ne wrds u dnt understand, and it will give u the defenition!!!"
"Despite the way it's often talked about, Animal Farm unfortunately does not live up to it's praise. What could have been a very moving story comes off as being dry, flat, and ultimately forgettable. While the message behind the book is a valid one, I found myself feeling like I was reading the Reader's Digest version of the book when I read it. Orwell seems to give a fact-by-fact summary of the book which makes it extremely difficult to feel connected with the story, much less the characters. One really should feel something towards the characters - whether it be admiration or disgust, but I found after reading it I did not feel much of anything towards the lot of them. All in all, it seems that Orwell is simply trying to get his point across rather than actually telling a story. One's better off reading a history book, because that's basically all Animal Farm focuses on - which is unfortunate, because this could have been a really interesting and moving story, and it isn't."
This book was WAY more marked up than anticipated. It was useable though. Maybe the notes will help my reader too.
"The whorebama , via leftist progressive hollyweird types, sex addicts and their koolaide drinking lemmings have successfully transformed America into a nation of flabby minded, souless whores whose only purpose is to serve the govt"
"George Orwell's little warm-up to the much-superior  *1984*.  Indeed, if you've read the latter, there's no urgent need to read  *Animal Farm*, as this book contains much of the same ideas, only here they're presented in a condescending  ""fairy tale""  format involving farm animals.  I say  ""condescending""  because while the prose is superficially geared toward kids, the book is obviously for adult readers, and it becomes a trial to be lectured at as if you're eight years old.  The book has more value for eight-year-olds anyway:  at least they might get hooked by the plot without having to worry about the author's bitter politics.Conservatives who champion Orwell in general and this book in particular are either misreading the author, or don't know Orwell's political background, or -- much worse -- PURPOSEFULLY misreading him.  The key to understanding this book is that Trotsky, who is represented here by the pig Snowball, is the HERO.  Orwell really believed in that enlightened socialist stuff.  The character of Josef Stalin, played by the pig Napoleon, is supposed to be a BETRAYAL of the socialist ideal.  Of course, what actually comes through is the author's reductivist view of humankind  (or in this case, animalkind).  This bitterness toward the infinite stupidity of Man has been transferred by Orwell's readers onto socialism in general, understandably enough . . . but that's really missing the point.  The author's INTENTION -- as opposed to what he actually wrote -- was to tell us what went wrong with Stalinist Russia, NOT what went wrong with socialism itself.  Reading the work this way permits a clearer understanding of the ending, with its  ""capitalist pigs""  regnant and communing with their fellow capitalist farmers.  Orwell saw little difference between a communist oligarchy like Stalin's and your average capitalist country.  In either system, his idealized  ""Boxers""  and  ""Clovers""  (the workhorses of the book)  get the shaft.  But even he knew these mythical  ""workers""  were an idealization .  I believe that deep down, Orwell suspected we are, all of us, like the sheep in this story.  (The sheep will turn up again in  *1984*  as the  ""proles"".)  As such, it strikes me that Orwell wasn't just fooling his readers . . . he was fooling himself.Frankly, I find such misanthropy to be a pretty cowardly reaction to the problems of humanity, and am inclined to give  *Animal Farm*  an even lower rating than the Three Stars I have given it.  But credit must be extended to the book's longevity, so Three Stars it is.  (Perhaps the credit should be extended to the several generations of 9th Grade English teachers who have forced millions of puberty-stricken kids to read the book.)"
Good book for the kiddies.  Its a light romp and some of the caracters are funny and it all takes place on a farm which kids like.Theres also a good message in here that if you work hard you can acheive your dreams and the animals do that when they take over the farm.But man George what were you smoking?  Talking animals!  Sheesh.FOUR STARS!  Not a bad effort!
hi iyla this is lou i miss you andd this is a weird special message 16 17 18 19 20 blaj blah blah
OK
ok
"My son had to read this book for school, but discovered that he liked this assignment."
"""From now on this farm is named Animal Farm.""Imagine being a farm owner.  You've worked hard for years to raise your farm into one of the highest producing farms from nothing.  All your effort and life toil was put into the success of your farm.  One day you wake up and go about your day as normal, and the animals act up.  We are not talking a simple kick or refusal to pull.  This problem becomes a full out rebellion.  Before you know it the animals are kicking and full out attacking you.  You are being driven out of your farm and your property, everything you hold dear is being taken away from you right before your eyes.  With every kick and shove, hope is being continuously pushed out of you.  Now you are off your farm and now you and your men have to settle somewhere else.  The plan is to take the farm back.  Meanwhile all the animals on the farm are literally running the farm the way the farmers did.  They are also establishing their own government and lifestyle.  They are acting the same way humans do.Before you know it they are running the farm even better than the way you and your men had.  The crop harvest is more bountiful than what it was when your men did it.  Talk about embarrassing!!!  The days turn into months and months into years and you hear news that as time passes the animals are getting more and more advanced and sophisticated.  You begin to feel jealous and outraged. Fortunately for you they just built a windmill for you and your men to destroy and have your vengeance for being driven off your farm.  You and your men raid the farm after some careful planning and you blow up the windmill, temporarily taking all their pride and joy with it.  But unfortunately you and your men are driven back and off your property again... humiliated for the second time.  You have given up on your farm while neighboring farms are doing business with them.  Yes sir, Animal Farm is the top farm here.  Looking great from the outside, one may be surprised at the corrupt government operating within with tyrannical pigs who named the new farm ANIMAL FARM.I would give this book a 3 and a half star rating because it was well written although just a little repetitive."
"Review of ""Animal Farm"" ""Animal Fram"" written by George Orwell. The story takes place on a farm somewhere in England. The story is told by an omniscient narrator  in the third person. The action of this novel starts when the oldest pig on the farm, Old Major, calls all animals to a meeting. He tells them about his dream of a revolution against Mr. Jones. Three days later Old Major dies, but the speech gives the more intelligent animals a new outlook of life. The pigs, which are considered the most intelligent animals, instruct the other ones. Their names are Napoleon and Snowball. Together with another pig call  Squealer, who is a very good speaker, they work out the theory of ""Animalism"". The rebellion starts months later, when Mr. Jones comes home drunken one night and forgets to feed the animals. All animals attack him and drive him off  the farm. The intelligent pigs make up the seven commandements. No animal is allowed to break one of these rules. Farmer Jones comes back and want to recapture the farm, but the animals fight and they manage to defend the farm. The pigs, Napoleon and Snowball often argue. When Snowball presents his idea to build a windmill, to produce electricity, Napoleon calls nine dogs, which drive Snowball from the farm.Napoleon explains that Snowball was co-operating with Mr. Jones. Some time later the seven commandements change one after the other. The other animals can`t believe it, because now the intelligent pigs sleep in beds and live in the fram house. The time passes and the pigs change everything. During this time deepens the relation with the neighbour farm and one day Napoleon invites the owners of this farm. They sit inside the farmhouse and celebrate the efficiency of his farm, where the animals work very hard with minimum of food. All other animals watch at the window of the fram when they look inside they can`t distinguish between man and animal. This is the story how you can read it in the book, when you watch the movie you can see some differences between them. There aren`t big differences, they are small. For example the begining in the film isn't like in the book. I think there is a betterbegining in the film,because in the book is no real introduction. There is another perspective of the narrator. In the book is it an omniscent narrator in the third person but in the film is the narrator Jessie the dog. Other differences are that the movie has an end and there come new people (new owners) to the farm. The story is an Allegory,it means that this what you read have an other meaning. The story ""Animal Fram"" is a satire on the Russian revolution and therefore full of symbolism. Here are some symbols for people and buildings: 1. Old Major = He is the personification oh Lenin who is like the ""father"" of the Russians. 2. Snowball = Trotsky 3. Napoleon = Stalin 4. The nine dogs = The red army 5. Mr. Jones = He represents the imperial power 6. Farm building = The farm stands for the Kremlin 7. windmill = The windmill stands for the Russian industry The book is written well but sometimes it isn`t easy to read. Maybe it is because of the serious plot. I think if  I  read the book at home I wouldn`t have understand as at  school. I think I wouldn`t understand the real story about the book, because at home you read a book to have fun and not to think about it ervery time. The positive things of the book are that you can understand the background better than in the film, because when you watch the movie you think "" ok it`s only a film"", but when you read it you can think about it. The negative things of the book are that some parts of the book are boring, because it is very monotone and that the book has no end. The negative thing of the movie is that you don`t really know the background. The good things are that it's more interesting. There are some facts which are typical for films. For example the begining and the end and the relationship between the actors.Only when you read the book you can derive the end from the film, because it could mean that the family ( Clinton- Family) which come to the farm, is a symbol for the victory against Russia. This is a point where I would say that it`s a disadvantage that you haven`t read in  the book. Personaly I think the film is better than the book, because for me the book was  boring and at some parts I don`t want to read it to the end.I think the movie is better, because you can watch it and you get it easyer to your mind. But you have to know for yourself if you want to read the book or to watch the film. book: 2 stars film: 3 stars  Review of Nicole und Katrin"
George Orwell is without any doubt one the brightest mind of the 20th Century. And this is a jewel and always be. An excellent edition of a classic.
"I just wanted to say that this is the best book  I have ever read, and it lets you look at our government a little differently."
"Tastelessly Powerful By Luke LinkThis book was somewhat bland. It showed the outlook on communism versus sociallism and the actions Stallen and the communist government made, though was a litle tasteless. As a pleasure book, Animal Farm would not be a selection of mine. It is one of the more impacting books of our time, but yields little reading pleasure and detail.When I read through the book,I found that the analogies to the characters in which the book portrayed were accurate. Napoleon was written well and played the part of what would have been Stalin, well. All of the major players in the communist socialist game were personnified well in Animal Farm.This book has relevance today, in that it showed the outlook on events that occurred during the time of the communistically idealistic society, which impacted the thoughts of people and changed society to become a power hungry, consumer dependant socialist government, well, I guess there is a plus and a minus to everything. The words of this book have echoed through generations, and ""The Beasts of England"" has taken a more human-acceptable form, affecting us all, and our thankfully sociallist economy, greatly."
Depressing is what came to my mind?!!
"It starts as a  fun book to read, but the writer tried to portrait the tragedy of the Russian communist revolution who killed over 90millions.Why animal farm? because communist philosophy teach men is animals, not the image of god. Communism persecute all religions as superstition and lies. They deny god, killing human being is a snap because they are intellectual ANIMAL. It's sad that so many people nowadays try to change this  nation into communist or socialism ( same role, just different name) not really knowing the truth, just based on some political ideology that human history had repeatedly  proved to be failed.  In fact communism is the worst political system that ever presented on earth. Because of its brutality, I escaped from that regime. And I  am happy to be in this country where human freedom is mostly respected, and protected. Communist lies saying every one shares equally: In fact only, those few comrades who caused the shift of power enjoy the wealth and power, but the rest of the general citizens have no equality nor basic human right. Any one speak against government---disappear next day to ""concentration camp"" w/o fair trials nor justice. Communist shut down all religious freedom, or freedom of speech ( all medias are government controlled) Communists deny any form of gods but instead, they set the status of Stalin or Ma chiding, or Kimjung ill, and have to sing songs and salute for them, worship them.  From elementary children to elders... Anyone dares to go against the government, ---labor camp!  Several millions who stand  for their freedom were killed brutally  in early 20th century, during the communism overturn. Stalin communist government killed 90 millions including the vicinity nations that were turn into communism, Macho-tong communist killed 100 millions, 2 millions by North Korea, by Cambodia each, 2 millions in Africa, 200,000 latin America..so on . But most of all they all became terribly poor after communist regime,oppressing the free capitalism, except China, because they started to adapt the partial capitalism from 10 years ago after they realized the harsh economic state. Now history tells also other evil regime; Hitler killed 6 million jew with other 4 million of Europeans; Japan' imperialism killed 20 million Asians during WWII, ..so on.Men can't govern themselves.They are very selfish, greedy and evil by nature. If  any political party, government have too much power, they will certainly hurt others unless they truly know jesus who always teach love and peace. That's why our America's constitution is truly great, because it was written by the God's fairness and wisdom protecting basic human rights that is originally from God . I realized only those who hate God fall into ""deny the constitution, or change it because it's old ideas"". Too old constitution?  Then why the whole world always look upon America when it comes, most well practiced freedom and human right? Please have  reasons.Research the communism nations' history. All the nations turned into  communism fall into worst human rights and economic state from their establishment. Any communist countries in the history ever get better as decades go by?China is the only seemingly doing well now. Why? because from 10 years ago, they realized communism was failed with extreme poverty, started to adapting the partial capitalism into their system-free competitive capitalism. That's the reality people.  If USA turned into communism, the power will shift  to only those who hate the existing American system. They  secretly controlling communicast-medias ( I already see it happened ) and brainwashing the youth with distorted  facts in textbooks  last 20 years. They keep change their names, their activity, and theory. Why? if they openly speak up, they know they will fail because any normal mind people will see the deception and its perversion. Look at these behind scene head members:They are  mostly angry people with extreme hatred. Before you get associate with these kinds, study the actual communism history and the result of those countries over last 100 years.  then you might understand why people escape from those communist countries despite the danger of their lives, come to USA.  Americans seem so ignorant ,  don't even  know what kind of freedom or dreams that anyone can pursue if they want. I can't believe how americans are lazy and stupid (sorry for my expression) not protecting their precious freedom and the wealth that whole world envy. Pretty sad to see this great nation is stumbling by the smooth, deceitful talking,  present government and together with mostly blinded, deceivedmajority. My last word: America wake up and protect what your forefathers gave to you. Don't get robbed by those haters of your wealth and power. If America had been  the most wealthy and liberal nation in the whole world so far, doesn't it already proved what you have is the best national  system already?Do you have to be a rocket scientist to see this simple truth? Don't be deceived"
"Animal Farm may seem like a book about Old McDonald, but don't be deceived by it's title. The story is based on Stalin's revolution, and other communist plots, starting with a simple plan to overthrow the evil humans. The animals see that there could never be equality on the farm when the pigs take supreme dictatorship over the farm. The deep and interesting plot of this captivating book is twisted and contorted throughout the book.My favorite part of the book is when the leader of the farm, Napoleon, changes the message his carrier pigeons send away to the outer world. His pigeons used to spread the slogan, ""Death to Humanity"", but change their slogan to ""Death to Fredrick."" Fredrick is their fellow farm that is still under rule of the evil humans that is supposedly hiding the traitor pig Snowball. I think it is funny to hear about pigs giving death threats to each other.I thought that Animal Farm was an interesting book and a fun read. It is hard to recommend this book to anyone because of the levels of comprehension at which it can be read. Animal Farm can be interpreted in many different ways so it can be recommended to a number of different types of people. I liked Animal Farm because I thought it was funny that animals were making plots to overthrow the humans and it made me think, `What if this is really happening?'"
"George Orwell was a Socialist who came to see, in the years after Joe Stalin's crimes were known, that Communism was the new evil replacing Naziism in this world of ours. His story of animals, re-creating the Russian Revolution, sounds ridiculous until you read it. Read it! Then read it again. There are lessons in this book that are divinely inspired.STEVEN TRAVERSAUTHOR OF ""BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN""STWRITES@AOL.COM"
Cheap and received in a timely fashion
classic on school summer reading list.
"The main characters of the book is a pig named Napolen, there is a horse named clover and a hole bunch of other animal characters. The setting of the book is at a farm, the farm is ran by the animals of the farm it's name is Manor Farm but the animals call it Animal Farm.This book is animal fiction and the author is George Orwell.The book is about the animals on Manor farm going on rebellion against the farmer because he doesn't treat them well. The animals scared the farmer away and claimed the farm their own and caled Animal Farm. During the year the animals farmed and kept the farm running. The pigs who were the leaders kept the animals in line. The pigs suggested to make a windmill so the animals did. Then one day one of the leaders was cased away by dogs and Napolen became leader. One night there was a wind storm and knocked down the windmill and the animals had to rebuild it. the pigs were begining to act like humans and the animals didn't like it because the animals barly got any food. To see what happens to the animals you have to read this book.two resons why I liked this book is because it shows what animals might do in the future. the second reason is because it was interesting to see animals rebei against pepole."
"This one is a twisted fairy tale, or more like an elevated Aesop's Fable.  It has a point to make.  Important this many years later for its denunciation of totalitarian communism, Orwell felt strongly to tell the world how the Soviet's had derailed and bastardized the socialist cause.  The story is semi-compelling.  The writing is a little flat. That's what keeps it from earning 5 stars.  There once was a time when searching out the meaning behind each allegory was elevated to a Holy Grail Hunt at the encouragement of High School English teachers everywhere.  As adults we've came to realize symbolism just isn't all that cool.  It's great and fun that there is a code here...the pigs are the communist ruling class, Snowball may be Lenin or Trotsky, Napoleon may well be Stalin.  It's intriguing but a lot of work to figure it out.  Literary art takes elements of reality, life, and elevates it to another plane.  There are some eerie moments here when things come full circle and the pigs look like men an men look like pigs, but if you want the true masterpiece of Orwell denouncing the totalitarian state, give ""1984"" a read.  This one's short and cheap though and can be polished off in a day or weekend."
I didn't read the reviews either -- thinking they would be about content.  This book shouldn't even be offered on Amazon.  Am returning.
"There is a farm owner who treats his farm animals really bad. So the animals decide to have a rebellion. They chase the farmer, his wife, and his worker man off the farm. Then two pigs (snowball and nepolean) take charge of the farm to keep it civilized and running right. they do everything the farmers did but not in such a harsh way. Later on the animals have a plan to build a windmill to have electricity on the farm.Then the farmer and his man attack te farm and kill many of the animals but the animals manage to defeat them.So nepolean wants absolute control over everything so he had trained some puppies to be his guards. He sends the dogs after snowball and they chase him off the farm. Nepolean then breaks all the rules and make sure everything goes good for him and the other pigs. He works the other animals really hard so that they can make the windmill that snowball came  up with but nepolean took the credit.Later that year the animals r attacked again but this time the humans bring guns and kill alot of the animals but the animal ran them off still. Later on the farm falls apart and the aniamals slowly die and offspring come. The farm stays poor looking and trashy."
1
It took over 2 weeks to get the book and then it was dirty and stained. It was a very disappointing experience.
"Of course this was a good book but to be honest it just wasn't my style. There is a lot of ""Reading Between the Lines"" in this book. And it takes a lot of concentration to figure out what the author is trying to say through his metphores.  It is a story of a bunch of farm animals that decide that Humans are the enemies and that they will rebel against them. Throughout the book the animals intelligence grows and they soon realize that they can live all toegether without the humans. The animals make ""10 commandments"" that all of the animals must abide by. But as the story progresses the animals keep changing the commandments so that they can basically do whatever they want.  During the winter all of the animals nearly starve and freeze to death without the help of the humans and they basically realize that they were wrong to think that they could live without the Humans. Now towards the end ofthe book was where I really got confused. For some reason at the end both the animals and the humans are having a large feast together. While they are eating it is said that they could not tell the difference between the animals and the humans.  Now I wasn't quite sure what that meant so I thought about it. I think that what the author was trying to say was that both man and animal are equal and that we should treat each other with respect no matter what the circumstances are. Now that is my interpetation of it and each person can take their own way. But all in all it was an alright book"
"I just couldn't help but think about our government and the current state after finishing this book. President George Bush could be character Napoleon. Condoleezza Rice could be the character Squealer. Saddam Hussein could be the character Snowball. Remember in real life Saddam Hussein was not always the enemy. ""The War on Terriosm"" could be replace with ""Four Legs Good, Two Legs Bad"". The United States could be replaced as The Farm.  We are the animals on The Farm.  In the end we find out that Napoleon was actually friends with the people he lead us to believe were the enemy.  Thought provoking if you ask me... thought provoking."
"George Orwell's novel was in fact an expression of his views towards totalitarianism, i.e. a satire. However because the storyline was so insanely bizarre in and of itself, it became impossible for the reader to  tell when the events of the novel had an underlying message and when they  didn't. It was easy to pick up, and the anctics of the animals made it a  book that the reader wanted to finish, but Orwell's subtly expressed views  of totalitarianism were totally overshadowed and ignored as the reader  incessantly wonders, "" Am I missing something here?"""
"I just read the Animal Farm for a novel project. I think it is a very exciting book. After you have read if there are many higher ideas you can get from this book. It is easy to read and gives you a lot of information. I think that it really shows what can happen if to much power gets into one  persons hands. It is also a really good example of the Russian Revolution.  I think that using the animals is a great personification to the real life  event of the Russian Revolution. Overall I think that this is a great book,  easy to read, and is not a waste of your time."
"Having read this book in the 1960,s I felt that I had to refresh my memory of how true this story is and can be.  I just finished Dr. Corsi's book The Obama Nation and was in total shock.  The threat of communism/socialism is still very real in America.  Throw in Islam and what an incredible threat we are facing!  I sound an alarm to every high school and college instructor.  Offer this little book to your students and teach them of the ever present threat.  Ther goal is to get to the uneducated masses and the youth to provock their ideology!  Wake up America before it is too late."
"I found that reading Animal Farm was extremely boring. According to politics it was dead on, but the way Orwell chose to illistrate his views was obserd. Pigs climbing on ladders painting, animals talking, and;  ""all animals are equal, but some are more equal."" That is just  plain stupid. Please someone tell me how to be more equal if everyone is  already equal.I would never ask anyone to read this book. 1984 is a much  better work than Animal Farm."
"This book was rated good.  When it arrived it was so marked up, you could barely make out the words.  Not only was it highlighted, it was vigorously underlined with pen and individual words were circled.  There were copious notes written in the margin. This is a high school summer reading book. There was no way it could be easily read.  With that said, the return was more than efficient with my money being returned immediately."
"I really loved reading this book. I read it in two days, and barely stopped. ""Then why"" I bet your asking ""Dont you give it a 5?"" Well It wasn't realistic. It stretched the truth a lot more than I  was hoping. Animals, talking to people? But if you want a fun little fling,  this is the book. But George Orwell's writing was pretty good. That's just  my opinion, I could be wrong.Jesse A.K.A PageMaste8"
"Some people view this book as a simple story about how some animals take over the farm they live on.  Others who know anything about WWII read it, and understand how all the characters symbolize the important people from WWII.  It's a really neat book, and everything has a hidden meaning, all related to WWII.  It's well written, and unlike most war stories, it is really short.  I probably wouldn't read it again though."
I REALL LIKE ANIMAL FARM BECAUSE IT A GOOD BOOK TO READ YOU SHOULD CHECK IT OUT.AND MY FAVORITE IS BOXER BECAUSE HE IS ONE OF THE STRONGEST  AND BRAVEST ANIMALS I KNOW WHY THEY KILLED BOXER BECAUSE HE TO SMART NAPOLEON KNEW THAT HE COULDN'T TRICK BOXER BECAUSE NAPOLEON KNEW BOXES WAS GOING TO BEAT HIM UP AND IF YOU LISTEN BOXES KEEP DOING YOUR THAG THANK YOU FOR READING MY LETTER. I'M  FROM OAKLAND CA.
"This is a story of every nation or group of people on this earth which decide to resign from being involved in governement. Power corrupts, but it only corrupts when accountability is lost."
This story has a very good plot.  It deals with the way Humans act and how we really are.
Got this book for my daughter's book report. She says it's better than Jane Eyre!!
"If you stumble upon this review and have not yet purchased Animal Farm then let me proffer this advice: Buy George Orwell's 1984 instead if you hanker for a good poli-sci-fi read. If you already own 1984 or have read it then skip Animal Farm or find a copy to borrow (it can be read in its entirety in a leisurely afternoon). I realize this book is considered a classic--as well it should be. But it is a classic because of what it mocked, IMHO, and not because of what it represents as a literary work. The story is...incomplete and accelerates through large swaths of time--seemingly much more interested in arriving at a preordained conclusion than exploring the path along the way.Animal Farm was an idea George Orwell had for a tale of animals gaining the human capacity for self-awareness and self-actuation bent, prodded, and cajoled into a didactic telling of the evils of the Soviet Revolution. When one considers the pitched battle waged for the minds of the proletariat between West and East in the 1940's, 50's and 60's, it is easy to understand how this book could have garnered critical acclaim among Western intelligentsia. But as a bedtime story for children its diction is complicated and its message garbled for a developing mind; and as an allegory for adults it is ""childishly"" transparent in parts and rushed in others--so much so that I found it necessary to remind myself that I was reading a ""classic"" instead of being entranced by a great work.I would suggest one of two things happened in the telling of Animal Farm:One, Animal Farm was George Orwell's attempt to engender in youth a fear of Communism. If this was his intent I feel comfortable in my opinion that Animal Farm is an abject failure. I adore George Orwell's writing and his powerful prose, but he is no J.R.R. Tolkien meets Henry Kissinger.Two, Animal Farm was the stirrings of the Party, doublethink, and the idea of the perpetual struggle for no more than the struggle's sake. If this be the case, than Animal Farm was a fine effort that led to George Orwell's Magnum opus--1984. In either case, I do not think Animal Farm stands the test of time. That is, one hundred years from now I think this book is seen as nothing more than a quaint period piece. And in all honesty, IMHO, it simply isn't that good of a read."
"I read this book from the American perspective, and I think this perspective too, fits perfectly.The colonists overthrow Britian (corrupt and evil enslaving power), we establish our utopia.  Our utopia is a Constitutional Republic.At first, everthign works great.  We have freedom, we have respect for rights, and we have an honest money and trade system.  All people are equals, and each is free to produce and live an abundant life.But, slowly, over time, the principles (the commandments) are abused.  The treachery is hidden from public view. The pigs (congressmen) treat themselves to extravagant spending.  The executive wages war and rallies support for its stupidity initiatives (space flight, war, socialism).  Congress, in alliance with the money/banking powers, establishes fradudlent paper money, illegal and fradulent banking systems, and our economy is reduced to a unproductive series of accounting gimmicks.  When times get bad, we go to war.Now we are left with a system of government far worse that that of the original England.  We embrace socialism with a eagerness not even shown in Russia.We THINK we're free, we think we have justice, we think we have open and free elections, we think we have a real economy.  All lies, all told to keep up the morale of the working class for the benefit of the elite.  The business of the government in America has been to (unconstitutionally) wage war, and to lie to the most people in a believable way.  The government views it's function as a propaganda mnachine, to keep people believign in the fantasy, for the benefit of the fradulent financial elite.  All while the underlying ""doctrine"" is ignored.  All while the judiciary looks the other way regarding the ""commandments"", theconstitution.  Today, judges view their role as social engineers (for the greater good), not as their oath would imply- keepers and defenders of the ""commandments""."
"I have just recently finished reading the book Animal Farm, written by George Orwell, that I have given a four star rating. George Orwell's intriguing beginning of this book earned my first star. It all starts out on a cold night when Mr. Jones goes in the house without noticing that the gate to the animal barn was left unlocked. This automatically got my imagination zooming on what could happen with the gate unlocked. The farm has a pig resident named Old Major. His real name is Willingdon Beauty. He is a prize winning middle-white boar OWNED by Mr. Jones. He has thick fur/hair with black and white spots. Old Major likes to share his dreams with the farm, because he feels that they have great and powerful meanings. He is very respected on the farm. The detail in this book is so grand. George Orwell does a great job explaining the farm when he describes Old Majors' living space. The detailing earned two more of the four stars. Most books you read only give settings at some of the locations in the book, but, this book details almost every change of setting. The fourth and final star I give this book goes to the author's credit. He deserves this star for putting forth the effort to give us this amazing piece of literature.The only reason I did not give this book a fifth star is because no book is perfect, there is always things that can be added to it. I would have liked to have felt a happier atmosphere or lighter feeling while reading the book.  I give this book an age rating of eight and up. ANIMAL FARM IS A WINNER!"
"Worse condition than expected....still, always a value."
"Animal FarmThe subtitle is ""A Fairy Story"" but that is wrong. The ten chapters of 128 pages is far too long for the classic fairy tale that has a few pages, occurs in a short space of time, and has a moral. The original fairy tales were often quite gruesome and were bowdlerized for children so they wouldn't ask embarrassing questions. You can read the original ""Hansel and Gretel"" and compare it to 20th century stories.The story about a society with hunger, hardship, and disappointment could be true of much of world. Does a society with plenty of food produce happier people? Disappointment, the result of not getting what you want, is ever part of human nature. The ""Santa Claus"" legend may teach children to live with disappointment. George Orwell's death of TB suggests a failure to eat nourishing food (like butter and eggs) or get proper medical care.Like ""Brave New World"" this book has a reputation in excess of its real value. The story where changing propaganda sways popular opinion to align with current government policy is never ending. Remember Reagan's sale of poison gas to Saddam Hussein and Bush's 1991 war on Iraq? I think Sinclair Lewis did a better job attacking the corporate state (""It Can't Happen Here""). Orwell's moral seems to be ""politics doesn't matter"" or ""be happy in your work""."
ok
The book looked like it had been printed at home.  Printing was so small I would need a magnifying glass to read it.
"Animal Farm was a alright book, but it could have been better.  It got a little boring at times and sometimes you couldn't understand what the charaters were talking about other than that it was a good book.  I over-all enjoyed the book."
"Orwell presents his anti-Big Brother, anti-Communist manifesto in this short work and the power grips you from beginning to end. A masterpiece."
This book probably deserved 2 and a half stars but i can't guve it that so. . .  This book i sonly good if you need an excuse hate communism.
"70 years ago It was sharp, witty parody on USSR, today it is completely outdated, two stars because it is very correctly depicted how it was."
Very disappointed that I supposed to get the newer version but I got the older one. The picture did not match the real book you will get.
This book wasn't as good as everyone says it was. It is a little messed up because of the pigs and humans...That's my opinion.
"I did not like this product, because it was shipped, butit took forever to get to my house. It was definatelly not on time :/"
"I really did not like the book, it left me with a very uncomfortable feeling.  I love animals and animal stories.  Not this one"
"Having read this book and comparing it to today's reality, I hate to say it but our government here in America and most governments all across the globe have done a superb job of imitating the worst elements of ""Animal Farm"". Not to worry though, not all of us Americans are too dumb and/or ignorant to let this go on as more are waking up to the fact that Conservative ideals are just as dangerous to the nation as communist ones.It's interesting if you listen.  A decade of propaganda has so misdefined things that even liberals - who are by now so completely battered they are afraid to use the ""liberal"" label and instead call themselves ""progressives"" - echo the nonsensical lies. ""Fiscal conservatism,"" says the lie, equals fiscally responsible.  ""Socially conservative"" equals socially responsible and compassionate.Even on ""progressive"" talk radio, when the policies of the Bush/Limbaughians are assailed, these lies about what conservatism is and isn't are usually echoed.  When the GOP's reckless spending ways are pointed out, the commentators often say, ""I thought they were supposed to be fiscal conservatives.""  When Pat Robertson calls for an assassination or when people who do amoral and illegal things in the Bush administration are not held accountable, liberal commentators and columnists ask, ""I thought they were supposed to be good conservatives who care about morals and the law.""Again and again, as conservatism further and further erodes America - economically, socially, and politically - commentators and politicians on both sides of the aisle say that the problem is that Bush/Limbaugh conservatives are just not being real conservatives, that if they were being real conservatives, we would have a balanced budget, a kind, compassionate government, and things would be great and very American.Nothing could be more inaccurate.  In fact, this dishonest, inaccurate line of thinking, bred by the endless Bush/Limbaugh/Murdoch lie-and-spin propaganda machine, is the single biggest threat to our nation at the moment.Fiscal conservatism does not equal fiscally responsible; fiscal conservatives are fiscally delusional and never have, and never could, be capable of making a budget that functions usefully in the real world.Fiscal conservatism is Arnold Schwarzenegger saying he can eliminate the $10 billion plus debt in California while cutting taxes, without cutting necessary spending on things like education, just by eliminating ""unnecessary, wasteful spending"" by ""liberals,"" only to end up borrowing not ten but sixteen billion dollars due to the fact everything he said was delusional and dishonest.Fiscal conservatism is Tom Delay and the Washington Times, as seen in this article.  With massive deficits on one side and massive disasters due to underfunding basic needs on the other, Tom Delay is calling the situation economic ""victory"" for conservatives.To conservatives, there is no talk about fiscal responsibility or balancing the budget or restoring funding to essential things like protecting the homeland.  Instead, the article offers a glimpse into the true insanity and destructiveness of conservatism, which is really nothing but irresponsible greed cloaked over with sweet talk.Look at this debate between the Bush/Limbaugh conservative Tom Delay and others who are defending even purer conservatism:""Mr. DeLay was defending Republicans' choice to borrow money and add to this year's expected $331 billion deficit to pay for Hurricane Katrina relief. Some Republicans have said Congress should make cuts in other areas, but Mr. DeLay said that doesn't seem possible.""To conservatives, the lesson of Katrina is not to acknowledge that we need to restore some of the funding they cut from vital things that can prevent disasters - like levee construction - but that, due to the disaster caused by their spending cuts, we need to cut more.Even DeLay, one of the most irresponsible cutters in our nation's history has a, `You got to be kidding,' moment.  From the article:""My answer to those that want to offset the spending is sure, bring me the offsets, I'll be glad to do it. But nobody has been able to come up with any yet,"" the Texas Republican told reporters at his weekly briefing.In other words, he is acknowledging what Schwarzenegger had to acknowledge and what moderates and Democrats have been saying all along:  the claim that just cutting unnecessary waste can cover the cost of tax cuts and necessary spending is bunk.But conservative groups will have nothing to do with reality.  Not the lesson of Katrina, not DeLay's breaking the reality of the current deficits and added Katrina costs.  No, fiscal conservatives exist in a fictional realm where taking more and more money for themselves is all that matters, and their dishonest pretending that somehow balancing a budget is their ultimate goal is shown to be the fa?ade that it is.The article continues: ""Congress has passed two hurricane relief bills totaling $62.3 billion, all of which will be added to the deficit.""Republican leaders have been under pressure from conservative members and outside watchdog groups to find ways to pay for the Katrina relief.""Now that sounds nice, like the fiscal ""conservatism"" you were sold as being equal to fiscal responsibility.  But continue on to the next sentence:""Some Republicans wanted to offer an amendment, including cuts, to pay for hurricane spending but were denied the chance under procedural rules.""This is hardly a well-oiled machine,"" said Rep. Jeff Flake, Arizona Republican. ""There's a lot of fat to trim. ...""American Conservative Union Chairman David A. Keene said federal spending already was ""spiraling out of control"" before Katrina, and conservatives are ""increasingly losing faith in the president and the Republican leadership in Congress.""And just in case you try and put some sanity or logic into their thinking, assuming that maybe they are just upset about how much is being spent in Iraq or in the War on Terror, Mr. Keane clears that up in the very next sentence:""Excluding military and homeland security, American taxpayers have witnessed the largest spending increase under any preceding president and Congress since the Great Depression,"" he said.""No, these are people who want to both ignore the costs of the Iraq policies they supported and not acknowledge how the underfunding of domestic priorities - like fixing levees - created disasters while, incredibly, at the same time, claiming they are really just trying to balance the budget, and that more cuts in domestic spending are what is needed to do it.Doesn't matter that they can't present things to cut, or that their leader, Tom DeLay, is even telling them, ""...bring me the offsets, I'll be glad to do it. But nobody has been able to come up with any yet.""No, for fiscal conservatives, neither responsibility nor reality are things they begin to grasp.  Like Communism sought to undermine society with delusional claims of equality for all while promoting systems that ensured success for none, Conservatism uses delusional claims of fiscal responsibility to promote bankrupting policies that leave the nation broke and in tatters.Social conservatism is as delusional as fiscal conservatism, nothing but a dishonest philosophy that makes you a criminal for being an ordinary citizen while pretending to be protecting you.  Prohibition, seatbelt laws, banning dancing, restricting sexuality, permanent curfews for our young adults, 21-year old drinking ages that leave even the President's own daughters as criminals for wanting margaritas with their Mexican food.  They are standing up for the good people - that only exist in dishonest, delusional-conservative-Fantasyland.There was nothing wrong with the Bush daughters - who are of college age - wanting a drink with their dinner; and even more importantly, they displayed that this is something that good people regularly do.  Thanks to social conservatives, your son or daughter are made into criminals for acting normally.The general idea of social conservatism is to render everyone in the nation a criminal for doing what they would ordinarily do.  This creates a setup where anyone can be arrested and given harsh penalties at the whim and choice of the government.  For example, one of the biggest problems regularly cited by conservatives is the horrible drug problem in poor, minority neighborhoods.  Drug users, drug dealers.  Horrible.That's nice, except look at reality:  both Al Gore and George W. Bush used drugs.  Because they were white people in rich neighborhoods who used drugs, they got to go on to run for President.  In the meantime, a fifteen-year old who does the same in a poor, black neighborhood is busted and run up with a criminal record, his future ruined, his reputation assailed, and he is labeled but another horrible part of the nation's poor minority drug problem.And no, this is not some exceptional example.  Central to conservatism is intentionally dishonest hypocrisy.  They let their kids drink, they use drugs, they don't abide by nor really agree with the laws they pass, but they pass them anyway and then scream bloody murder when others break them.  It is more than lying.  It is a truly brainwashed delusionality in which they honestly convince themselves that condemning actions by others that they actually practice themselves is not insane nor dishonest.  They can go on and on about those horrible criminals, how they should be locked up, shot, how they are worse then animals, all the while being delusionally disconnected from the fact that they do the same things themselves.  You don't have to run down the whole list of multi-divorced drug addicts like Rush Limbaugh preaching on and on about family values and the need for harsher penalties for those drug addicts, or the Bushes/Cheneys/etc. who ran from serving their nation in combat who preach how doing so is un-American.  The point is plain and easily observable, and it is a basic tenet of conservatism.And finally, political conservatism is such a juvenilely small-minded view of diplomacy and the world that it can never have useful application in the actual world.  It is Pat Robertson thinking we should just kill people who oppose us - but do it covertly, and that will really fool people and free us from consequences or guilt.  It is Eisenhower deciding to undermine the entire nation of Iran for the sake of keeping oil prices down and thinking - honestly - that it is a good bargain in the long term; and then his fellow conservatives refusing to make the connection to the hostage crisis, the Iran/Iraq War which led us to fund and arm Saddam Hussein, the arming and training of Osama bin Laden, the having to put troops on Saudi soil to stop Saddam from using the arms we gave him, the anger that instilled in the man we had armed and trained named Osama, and the leading of all this to 9/11.  Yes, conservatives have a real, delusional belief that they are the solution to Iraq and 9/11, refusing to accept the inescapable reality that conservatism was directly responsible for the hostage crisis, both Iraq Wars, and 9/11.Communists once sought to undermine the American government, bankrupting our coffers and values.  Now, it is conservatives - the communists of the modern era - that our government must defend itself against.Conservative philosophy is one that believes freedom is a threat to a nation, that dictatorship is a better, ""easier"" form of government - as both George W. Bush and Donald Rumsfeld have said - and conservatism preaches that hate is to be put before facts, anger before reason.While the true ultimate goal of communism was a totalitarian state, as witnessed everywhere communism flourished, the real ultimate goal of conservatism is dictatorship, as witnessed everywhere conservatism dominates, such as in the nations of the Middle East.  Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, indeed, Iraq, are all conservative-dominated nations.The outcome of conservatism is always the same:  forced religion or creed, lack of freedom, lack of democracy, and fiscal disaster for all but a few.The nonsense that conservatism stands for all things good, that fiscal conservatism means fiscally responsible, that social conservatism means socially responsible, that politically conservative mean superior on foreign policy is all just the echoing of lies fed to us again and again by the lying right-wing propagandists that entirely dominate the American media conversation.The successful nations of the world all are - as America has been - moderate nations.  They are nations that keep leftists and rightists, communists and conservatives, at bay, vocal minorities without much actual power.During the Cold War, America was under threat by communists, both abroad and at home.  Now, in the age of the War on Terror, we are under attack by conservatives, both abroad and at home.Except so far we have only defended ourselves against them abroad.  With two-thirds of our nation now aware that what is going on at home is not good for America, it is time for all of us to join together to begin to fend off the attack on America by the insidious, destructive, reckless, violent, delusional propagandizing and assault on our government by the evil that is conservatism.And in case you don't really want to believe it, look at who is ensuring that FOX News continues to operate as the propaganda outlet it is.  From CNN via Netscape News:""Saudi Arabian billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal said Tuesday he now holds a 5.5% voting stake in Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. (the parent company of FOX News) and is ready to raise his stake, especially if it is necessary to shield Murdoch from any potential hostile takeover attempts by the likes of John Malone's Liberty Media.""Investment vehicles controlled by the prince's Kingdom Holding Co. have converted what was last reported to be a 3% non-voting stake in the entertainment conglomerate into the new voting holding.""In an interview on CNBC Tuesday, Alwaleed said he has communicated his strategy to Murdoch and was ""mobilized and ready"" to further boost his voting stake ""if we feel that the strategy of Mr. Murdoch and his son and his family is being threatened by any outsider."" He added: ""Clearly, this is something we will not accept, because we are very happy as shareholders with what Mr. Murdoch is doing.""""A News Corp. spokesman Tuesday declined to comment on the news, but company sources said the Saudi prince has long been regarded by Murdoch as an ally in his showdown with Malone.""A billionaire Saudi Prince ""will not accept"" someone changing FOX News from the conservative propaganda station that it is.  He ""has long been regarded by (FOX News owner Rupert) Murdoch as an ally...""Get the message yet?"
This book is a metaphor for Russia. Because Soviets are swine.Give it up for Bang Daddy.
The book ends at the end of a chapter. Not when the real book ended. Disappointing to say the least.
"This book was about a farm called Animal Farm.  The animals can all talk and they don't like to be pushed around by the humans.  Because of this they turn on the humans and drive them away from the farm.  Then the pigs take charge, and make up rules for the farm.  These rules are called the seven commandments.  One of them is Four Legs Good, Two Legs Bad.  The whole farm follows these rules.  The reason I rated this book so poorly was because it was boring.  It took me days to finish even though it is a short book.  If you like books with very little action but, a good theme then you might like this book.  But if not, I don't suggest it."
D
"Some books that are labeled classics shouldn`t be. Such as the terrible  ""Lord of The Flies"", and this book ""Animal Farm"". I  thought the concept of this novel sounded very unique and original, but it  ended up sounding like a children`s novel. The story of animals taking over  the human race, talking, working and acting like humans crossed the line  betweem ingenius and ridiculous. I see how Orwell tried to express his  message across about how human civilization could be taken over, but he  didn`t express it very well in this over-rate and downright silly book."
"This book is a classic so ovbiously it is a good one. The thing is there are a lot of metaphores inside this story. As the story goes on I kind of got confused to what was going on. The animals make some ""Animal Commandments"" which I thought were pretty funny. It is very interesting to me how the animals all of the sudden become smart enough and decide to rebel from the humans. They later realize that it is hard to live without the humans but it is really possible if all of the animals work together.All in All it was an alright book."
Sheep are not born overnight in the manger but are created  over a period time measured in units called  K thru 12. It may be that  the great subservient maker knows it can always point  out the fact that Animal Farm is  allowed to be read by  latter stage elementary  or jr high compulsorees  as a way to  mask their true industry of sheepmaking.
"The story, ""Animal Farm"", was happened in a farm which originally called Manor Farm. The animal there found that their lives were harsh just because human were selfish. Therefore, they toke revolution to overthrow human. The farm was renamed as Animal Farm. Under the leading of Snowball, which was a pig, the farm ran successfully: all the animals lived happily, freely and equally. However, this made another pig, Napoleon, become jealous. He driven away Snowball and became the new leader. Then he changed all the rules and gradually made all other animals to work for the pigs. Their lives became harsh again. At last, there was no difference between ruling by human or animals.It seems that this is just a simple fairy story. Actually, there is an important message behind it,All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than the others'. In the story, Snowball suggested that all animals in the farm were equal, nobody could kill the others, even cats could not kill rats. However, Napoleon changed it. Pigs became more equal than the others. It just like our real world. All the animals in the world have their right to live. However, human can kill some kinds of animals for food, can control the lives of their pets, or even use other animals to do experiments. This shows that human actually are more equal than the other animals.This story actually is a reflection of our real lives, just presented in a different way. Readers can understand this world and the reality of human more easily and clearly from this story. I would recommend it to you all."
"there was a little damage on the dustcover upon arrival, nothing too big to report, but still a little disapointing. This book more of an artbook ... in my opinion anyway and therefor the cover is important but ... nothing i'd wanna get my inner rage out for  ;)"
"A short read. Revisiting a book I had read when I was 14 or so. Interesting storyline, but the writing is so-so...  I think time and events have left the book's concerns behind..."
The plot starts out with animals takeing over a farm. It is quite interesting. I liked it alot. It was cool how they new their was something wrong and they fixed it.
"In a place witch no name is given it would seem all should be well. However, that couldn't be farther from the truth. The book takes place on a farm. The owner of the farm, Farmer Jones, Neglects his responsibilities and allows his animals to starve. He also does little work around the farm as he lets his crops rot away. Most of this is caused by his excessive drinking problem.  After being convinced by a respected speaker of the farm, Napoleon and snowball, rebel against the has been farmer and set their own standards for living. Although Napoleon leads the farm into a new revolution it isn't necessarily a good thing. Napoleon turns the farm into a dictatorship with him as the totalitarian.  The turning point of the book is when the animals are no longer blinded by Napoleons deceiving ways. The animals started keeping apples and milk for themselves instead of sharing with the communist community. The entire book seemed to be based on the Russian revolution. The books moral is to teach against communism in a new innovated way never seen before. It is a very clever way to get the point across. The book is short and somewhat enjoyable to read. This concludes a summary on George Orwell's, ""Animal Farm."""
"Animal Farm is a wonderfully written portrayal of our future as humans, yet I find it sadly lacking. Many of the beliefs the animals share are parallel to my own; I do not agree with the killing of animals for meat, forcing them to produce an absurd amount of milk for human consumption, or placing them in servitude to satisfy our own needs. While I find it gratifying to discover another who agrees with my ideas, the ending was so sad and incomplete I became depressed. Boxer, the hardest working animal on the farm, is slaughtered because he is no longer useful, and the pigs become absolute monarchs of a rule of terror enforced by attack dogs. Then the animals look on while their leaders mingle with humans and can no longer tell who is a pig and who is a human. That is where the story ends, leaving you to guess the outcome while the ""less equal"" animals continue to live in suffering. Not exactly my idea of a bedtime story."
"A very short book.  I found it confusing, with all the many animal names to remember. It mattered which animal it was (pigs were important, horses were big, sheep placid, etc.) Starts with the animals wanting to get rid of the people and run the farm so they would all have better lives (communism).  Then they realized they were working more and had less to eat after a couple years of animal control -- then the head pig collaborated with the previously hated people.  Greed and power always seem to win.  That's true even in Capitalism sadly."
"Having read this book 45 years ago I now see it is far more profound today in 2010 America than in the 1940's.  Sitting securely in a free market Capitalist United States in the 60's, I merely enjoyed this book and thought to myself ""Thank God this could NEVER happen in America"".  Back then I was glad our limited government (although growing too big) was keeping an eye out for monopolies and other sins of capitalism but they kept out of the way of free-market enterprise and the entrepreneurship of the average citizen.  I trusted politicians back then to keep the peace and HELP the country's private sector and big business produce wealth for private use and distribution etc., you know, capitalism that made this country so great.  Yes, I was taught the constitution in school and became very proud of the American way and her founders.Today everything has changed in America and this book describes exactly what is happening in this country just without Orwell even being alive to appreciate how right he was.  The sad thing is this:  Orwell (a devout democratic socialist) died believing that he had simply, and masterfully  shown in his book what happened to the Soviet Union under ""uniquely"" corrupt leaders, Stalin, Lenin and Marx; i.e. trying to say that IF only socialism were done ""correctly"" it was the best system.  BUT because those three men were uniquely corrupt men, then socialism lead (unnecessarily) to Totalitarianism.  Orwell truly believed however that if not for ""them"" (they were unique, and not representative of 'all' men) everything about socialism and communism would have worked out fine.Scholars argue that Orwell's book is really a great defense of capitalism, just quite unintended to be by the author.  It is a defense of capitalism in a back-handed sort of way, But Orwell clearly thought that he was just sending a warning to socialists like himself to be careful not to let this happen.  The beauty of the book is that it really does describe what will happen when capitalism is replaced with socialism.  Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely - however this is not ""unique"" to some men but all men.  Unfortunately Orwell is clearly blind to the facts of historical reality.  He has religous faith in his own concepts.The great lesson of this book (Capitalism is better than Socialism) is obfuscated by the (early in the book) characterization of the capitalists as ""Alcoholics"".  This is, by the way, how we know that Orwell despised capitalism and establishes beyond doubt he hates the free market system.  He in no way advocates for the American way, he is quite anti-American to be sure.  He very unceremoniously dismisses all capitalists in one prejudiced swipe of the brush stroke ""alcoholic"".  Hardly a fair treatment of such a complex system and one so historically successful.  None-the-less THE ingenious question that this book will cause every reader to ask themselves is this:  Do you think all men are corrupt and need policing, or only some?  Orwell answers himself and says ""only some"".  He never gave up his position on the potential ability of socialism to create Utopia.  He simply believed IF the right men were in charge then Utopia would last.Since historical fact shows inevitably all socialist systems (Utopia) lead to totalitarianism (Dystopia) the book falls short of greatness.  History shows it is not just some but all men will devolve into their lowest form when left unchecked.  By creating a capitalist straw-man then burning it down so easily he belies his bias and shows his colors.  Too bad Orwell, you shouldn't have done that, it's intellectually lazy and actually makes his book very much like the character ""Squealer"", the propagandist.Finally the characters in this book remind me of current politicians and organizations:  Obama - ""Old Major"" and  Harry Reid - ""Napolean"" and Pelosi - ""Snowball""  and MSNBC - ""Squealer""I highly reccomend this book to both Conservatives and Progressives alike and challenge someone to write a book that treats the Capitalists fairly and displays how the U.S. Constitution was designed to police free-market capitalism.  America's government worked effectively as a small police force until progressiveism infiltrated and now brings in socialism.  Orwell got everything right except that.  Insanity is doing the same thing again and expecting a different result."
Waste of money.
Animal farm is about an animal farm revolting ageist the human running the farm. Its a metaphoric story of communism in Russia.This book was interesting in the thought of animals playing the parts of humans. It is well written but a little boring at parts. Over all i would rate this 3 stars.
"This was the most wrose book that i have ever read. It was about some aniamls taking over  a farm just because they felt miss taking care of. So the ""take over the fram"". And then realy took over. The pigs(that is). So this book was realy boring."
"Read and discuss this with your children.  Then give them a novel that is soon to rank with Orwell's 1984, ""Transfer-the end of the beginning"" by Jerry Furland.  The future belongs to the  children-unless the government says no, it belongs to us."
My son needed this book for college english class.He has to do a 6-8 page research paper on it.He likes the book so far. Has only read a few chapters.
"i'm in eighth grade and reading this book. This is a really good book but in my opinion, alot of the time it's  hard to follow."
"I was assigned to read this book for my summer reading program at school. I heard from quite a few people that is was not a very interesting book. It is very small and so i decided to get it over with and see what all the fuss was about. I did not enjoy it just like everyone had told me. It was a good portrayal of how governments and communism is but using animals to portray this was a poor choice. I actually laughed alot at this book as I read it realizing that I was reading a book about animals personified as humans but yet totally against the human race. So in all it was  a good reprensentation of governments power used in the wrong way, but the other side is the stupidity that runs throughout the book."
dont try to watch
"I am not one of those stupid people whose only exuse for not liking a book is that ""it's boring."" Animal Farm is definately NOT boring. It is both interesting and exciting. I loved this book until I reached the last part of this book. I absolutely hated the ending. It ruined a great book. I understand the point of the book, but I still don't like it. I suggest that you read this book, but skip the end."
"I had to read this book for school, and detested it. The plot isn't put down well since it is intended to be a symbolism for real events. If you think of the real events while reading it, it will mix you up even more. Time is rushed, and you are not allowed to dwell on the animals feelings. Things happen that are not explained. The writing goes between very bad to O.K. There is no real plot that you can see and no underlying plot either.This is not a good book. The only part which is good is the last paragraph, and the last sentence was brilliant: ""They looked from pig to man, and man to pig, and pig to man again, but however much they looked they could not tell which was which."""
"I have been forced to read this book 3 times for various school assignments and although Animal Farm is considered a classic, I find I like it less and less every time I read it.  Yes there is deep metaphors and symbolism but the plot and characters are so bizarre that the story is hard to follow or enjoy."
"I didn't read the book - had to return the Kindle version. The description is misleading. It says that the book is ""lavishly"" illustrated by Ralph Steadman, yet there isn't a single illustration."
"After reading Animal Farm I had mixed feelings about the novel I was not sure if I liked it or not. I do believe it is a creative novel the plot and storyline, but I do not find it very appealing. I do not believe many teengers as myself would enjoy reading this novel."
"This book wasn't that interesting to me. If you like books that deal with the political jumbo, this is the book for you. Personalily is it didn;t appeal to me. The book is mainly about a bunch of animals who decide to  take over their farm. Eventually it becomes a dictatorship when its plan  where originally to be free. This didn't appeal to me, but it may work for  you. Good Luck!"
This book is kinda boaring but it has a good story -Ethan  ps:very long:( /: p =5+3=8.ambient temperature is one
"This book starts out pretty good, I mean its a lot better than half the books we're required to read, but point blank; IT SUCKS. It's supposed to parallel the Russian Revolution, be something you can under stand. Long story short, just learn about the Russian revolution somewhere else!"
A symbolic book about a revoloution which ends to misery with an impressive writing and from a British writer.
"Animal Farm is about a farm that is taken over by it's underfed & underloved animal's, who are tired of being used without any recognition.Their mission is to kick the owner off of the Manor Farm, and claim it their very own ""Animal farm.""They work very hard to diminish the human race,as they maintain the farm.They work and work with only one thought on their mind.""Four legs good, two legs bad."" Will they throw the entire human race off the face of this earth?There was one character in the book that really touched me;Old Major was a father-like figure to all of the animals he often told them to stand up for their rights.And he often spoke of the better days where animals will be treated equally and with the respect they deserve.It really saddend me when old major told everyone: ""what is the nature of this life of ours?""""Let's face it our lives are miserable,laborious,and short.""I felt really bad,I will definitely treat all my animal's with extra love from now on.I recomend this book to any one who loves animals or who just loves adventure!"
different cover that I expected!
"Animal Farm by George Orwell is a fascinating book that shows the viscious cycle our society is in;  not only about the meat industry but also about capitalism.  The book shows how greed controls and ignorance follows.  One old white boar named Major started informing the animals that they wer only living to die.  After Major died Snowball and Napoleon assuumed leadership.  The rebellion was successful, the animals raged and Mr. Jones, owner of the Manor farm, left.  After awhile Napoleon inforced his power by fear with nine huge dogs.  When he didn't want the competition of Snowball anymore he sent the dogs to chase him out but Snowball escaped underground.  I could go on but I don't want to ruin it for you.  The book pretty much shows how easily ""good"" is manipulated.  I recommend this book to everyone.  It will give you a new understanding and view point on our society.  Wow!!  I just read the review of dztn@aol.com, One of the Most misunderstood books of Our Time, it was brilliantly written.  Please take the time out to read it."
The book is well written and I like it. But I think that not everyone will like the book-it is more about people having a revolution and people gaining power than about animals living on a farm. When I read the book I liked the comparison between animals and human beings. The behavior of the animals in the book shows the typical behavior of Man.
This book is a pleasure to read.. Powerful political message yet a very light read.. enjoyed it a lot
"George Orwell wrote Animal Farm in the early 1940's.  The book pokes fun  at the political situation of the time.  Led by the pigs, the animals of  Mr. Jones' farm rebel against all humans and form their own government of  ""Animalism"".  The pigs use their brains to take advantage of the  other animals by making them do all the work.  Over the course of time,  their government falls apart and things get a little out of hand... Animal  Farm is a very well written and enjoyable book if the right person is  reading it.  I was assigned to read this book for a senior English class  and it seemed as though I was the only one in the class who was not  interested in it.  Personally, I have never enjoyed or even understood  politics.  I would much rather be reading a more realistic book that I can  relate to better. However, if you are interested in politics and  government, and think you'd enjoy reading about it in a humorous way, read  George Orwell's Animal Farm."
This book is excellent and was very well written. It was sad but overall a good book. It had really good details about the characters.  I liked how all the characters worked together even though some suspected that  something was wrong. The animals on the Animal Farm are all helpful in many  ways except the pigs.
"What would seem to be a story of farm life,and a farmer manning his crops and animals,author,George Orwell, will take farming to a whole new level.Farm Animals are used to represent people in the time of the russian revolution. Such as the pig Napoleon, he would be the farms,Josef Stalin.This book is based on trials of Farmer Jones.He's the type of farmer who's irresponsible. He lets his crops die, and starves his animals.Most of this lack of  care is due to his alchohol obsession. Little does he know, while he's drinking himself into oblivion, his animals are planning on moving forward to a new life.The animals,led by Napoleon the pig,start living a communist lifestyle. Once the animals realize what Napoleon is doing, they start stashing food such as apples and milk for themselves. This book was a fascinating read, and gives you a really cool look oncommunist countries, yet by an animals view. I would definitely recommend it."
It was a read for school.
"The book ANIMAL FARM was a deceitful and untrue book.  It was full of lies implying that socialism was wrong to the reader who didn't read meaning into George Orwell's book.  Some people may say that the book was a great acheivement and made us get rid of communism and socialism, but they may have also watched the movie.  The movie ANIMAL FARM made the book seem 100 times better than it actually was. There may be people in the world who have absolutely no taste, and have a great love for the book Animal Farm, but if you have any sense you will do anything to get out of reading the book, including burning the book."
"When I was in 7th grade, I chose Animal Farm as a book to read from a reccomended reading list.  This was a big mistake.  In the beginning of Animal Farm it is happy.  Animals overcome their master and they rule the farm.  It eventually goes downhill from there.  Pigs take over and eventually change the animal ""commandments"" that they animals had created after taking over humans.  Pigs end up looking and acting the same as humans.  The pigs abuse horses and other helpless animals.  This is one of the most depressing and disturbing books I have ever read.  I found absolutely no enjoyment or insight from this novel!  Take my advice: If you plan to read this anytime soon, please burn it as soon as possible!"
"This book is disgraceful! It is the worst book ever! It really stinks! All it has is animals that run around and say ""Comrade!""Good grief!"
"I personally hated this book.  I found it thouroughly boring it's tone was intolerqbly bleak and epressing--and poor Boxer!  This book was such a bummer.  I highly suggest AGAINST reading this book.  I'm sure some people enjoyed, but most of my  English class and I disliked it.  I'm sure the author was a wonderful person, but this was just not a good book.  Read something happier like, oh I don't know, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  It's amd excellent read, and with the Holidays coming up, everyone wants to feel happy."
"Did Al Gore direct this?  I was just you know, curious because the animals are talking and stuff and they even have like, this hierarchy of power and things don't make sense like that.  This is an anti goverment film but all I hear is Total arin ism which gets to be useful when instilled in the drinking water of places like Africa.  Well we gave them animals to eat and they just turned them loose in fields and never fed them and they died.  This book is co-written I think by Gore and Moore, but who knows I mean anymore you cannot figure out who is who, but I am Cathy and I escaped from Taurine and this is my review of Animal Farm.  Oh, and even if you give a pig pickles it will still attack you if it is hungry!"
"Of all the things I have ever read!  What a terrible and unrealistic story.  I mean, how can animals talk?  I have a parrot that talks but not in complete sentences.  And besides the pigs run the show in this and if it  really happened the cats would run things because everyone knows that cats  are born leaders.  Anyway, I wouldn't reccomend this book to my worst  enemy.  I read this book to my nephew, Simon and he started crying and now  he is afraid of pigs and horses because he says that they will rise up and  establish a totalitarianist state and will rule over us.  Ughhhh! It gives  me a head ache."
"This is the kind of book to read and reread, and never forget. No matter how old you are, you will find this brilliant book an indisposable addition to your bookshelf. Powerfully written, the lesson within these pages is  surprisingly true, and is presented in a way which allows any audience to  discover its great meaning and appreciate it appropriately. Orwell deserves  credit for this literary and philosophical masterpiece!"
"The last paragraph of this book is riveting:""Twelve voices were shouting in anger, and they were all alike. No question, now, what had happened to the faces of the pigs. The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.""This book changed my life, get it."
"Just finished reading this book supposed to be a satire about USSR. What it lets clear in my point of view is that the horrible regime in that country and in this work looks, in practice, not in the description, a lot like the capitalist system with its class structure, hungryness, . The real comunism is not really represented here.Still an interesting (but less than I though) work that must be read."
"I tried to read this after reading 1984 (which I really enjoyed), and found Animal Farm to be really irritating. I guess it's because Orwell is trying to say similar things re:totalitarianism etc., and once you've  figured out what he's saying, it's boring trying to get through the actual  story.  The illustrations in my particular book was annoying too.  I think  I should try to re-read it next year."
Personally I loved this book.  It shows how people get power hungry and make you think they are doing it for you but actually they are doing it for themselves.  A great book for adults and teens but you have to understand how parts of our world are run.  I couldn't put it down all day!  I think Geroge Orwell was a great writer.  That is all I have to say for now.
"Last year, I had to read Sounder for academic team and hated it. This year I had to read Animal Farm, and I think it was awesome. I'm only twelve, and I got the point of the story right away. It's exciting. Some people think it's funny, because of the talking animal thing, but it's actually kind of disturbing. Still, it's a good book that sends an important message."
"I believe this to be an interesting book, but some of the allegory has lost its way. It is some what over symbolized, yet it still has a good story. I prefer 1984 to animal farm but I believe Orwell is a great author of political views but I restate that it is a little over done and the communism and all but that is my opinion But it is still a great novel."
Great Read!
"WOW !Absolutely amazing ! READ THIS BOOK!  ""Animal Farm"" is a political and literary masterpiece . The ""Machiavelli 's Prince of our century .Please don't believe in the people who gives 1 or 2 stars in his  review because they can only understand and loves thrashy ,sappy  light  ""novels"" and soap operas . Long life to Orwell!"
"This had to have been my favorite book that I read my freshman year of high school, after Harry Potter of course. I was very skeptical because I get bored very easily. But, I read it in one night and I loved it!!! It is such a great historical novel because of it's parallels with the Russian Revoulation. If you don't have time to read it, make time."
animal farm was a decent book i mean i would probably recomend it to some people but not ot all it gets boring at times but all and all it is a good book.
"Animal Farm is a cute little book great for combined 6th or 7th grade studies in English and History. It tells the story of the Russian revolution (1917) and its aftermath through George Orwell's Trotskij-stained glasses. The analogies are so easy to notice that I, personally, got tired of reading the book after just a few pages.  But the book isn't entirely crappy. It can be used as great entertainment for kids. Because however involuntarily amusing it is in this wrapping, the Russian revolution definitely was action-packed.  You can also choose to read the book without considering the historical framework. When that is done the book gains a lot and actually ends up seeming quite cute.George Orwell is a great writer and he surely had great reasons for writing ""Animal Farm"". It can be read as an introduction to some of his other work. But if I was you I would jump right on to 1984."
"First off, I didnt like this book at all, it was very depressing, very repetitive and told me nothing i didnt already know.I dont Get this book at all, nor do i get why so many love it, its just a depressing tale of corrupt people who get off on power trips while the masses are too dumb to do anything about it. Its insanely depressing, yes, i used that word again because its needed. Its THAT depressing...Maybe im missing something...but i dont see how this book is insightful or anything..Who DOESNT know that some people get off on power?I dunno, im tired, but damn this book was depressing. I dont recommend it at all for anyone who already knows about dictators. Go watch a documentary on north korea and save yourself some time and money."
"This review is in reference to the signet paperback version. If you are looking for a great read this is it but I must warn you that this binding is the worst ive ever bought. This is the cheapest little pulp paper book ive ever seen. Signet books should come with a warning label. ""Caution! WAY OVER PRICED!!"" The hard cover is only a couple of dollars more and is way superior."
"I read this book last year as an assignment. When my teacher described the plot, it all seemed quite interesting and clever. But when I read it, I found it to be utterly disappointing. The plot was not carried out well. The characters were made very generic. I would NOT recommend this book."
"the book may have originally been intended to show the downside of Soviet communism, but the message of the book is just as relevant in these current days of Hillary Clinton where no aspect of our lives is free from the government coming in to help us."
"This is one of the best books that I have ever read.  Every action every character makes is carefully planned, every word deliberately placed.  I heard somewhere the the author spent 10 years on the dialogue alone.  The book has two major brilliant points -- taking it for it's secret meaning, allegorically representing the American Revolution, and  taking it for it's straight meaning, humans are evil.  Each character carefully represents a major figure in the revolution (i.e. Mollie=France, Napoleon=George Washington and Squealer=Martha Washington.  Snowball is, of course, England, and we can't forget last but not least Moses, who is the later-to-be Confederate States of America, and who speaks of The Great South when he talks of Sugarcandy Mountain).On another note, though, taking the book for it's literal meaning, one can easily tell that Orwell thinks that humans are evil and twisted -- it's amazing that 65 years ago someone got it so right.  Every referance to humans is a bad one.  In the card game it was Plinktington that cheated, Jones treating the animals poorly, and the owner of Foxwood, a lazy bum:  representing the only three types of humans you will ever encounter.  I think that Orwell's writing is ingenius and unequalled, especially his many-time quoted saying ""All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.""  Man! Just can't compare to that.  His words flow like a river of tar, or something.  We should start a new branch of Judaism worshipping him as the Messiah, his words are the words of God.  Anyone who hasn't read this book hasn't lived -- all the other reviews I have read have it dead on correct."
I've been an Amazon customer for a long time. The recent news about Amazon Kindle DRM really shocked the hell out of me. More shocking to me was the reaction of Amazon when the issue blew up and caused an outcry. Amazon chose to remain silent about the use of DRM in their products. It would be great if Amazon would publicly declare they will abandon use of DRM..
"This book was kind of boring. It really didn't get into it. I was hoping for a little bit better book. I would maybe recomend this book to someone younger, between the ages of 8 and 12. Maybe someone else can get into this book more but I didn't like it personally."
"This book sure sends a strong warning. When you have a political party that uses bait and switch tactics to stir up a revolution, chances are the perpeptrators of the phony revolution are no different than those already in power. The trouble, however, is that it is often difficult to detect him or her as the villian especially if their revolution that they push forth sells well. Once in power, it doesn't take long for these same villains to go against what they claimed to stand for and then make excuses for their otherwise inexcusable actions just to stay in power all the while leaving others in no better shape than they were before the revolution.""Animal Farm"" is unfortunately very similar to the way conservatives from Barry Goldwater to Ronald Reagan to Newt Gingrich to George W. Bush promised smaller government, smaller taxes, morality reform, privacy rights, etc ... . However, once in power, government increased especially with wasteful spending in defense, taxes were reduced for the wealthy and business elite at the expense of increasing hidden taxes like social security  and general costs to the lower and middle class, pushing for more BIG BROTHER legislation, and all the while doing nothing to clamp down on the actual cultural decline that they had promised to clean up such as abortion, murders, affirmative action, divorces, sexual escapades, etc ...The next time you meet a conservative or libertarian who promises less government and less taxes, read this book and you'll see why it's better to reform the party that's currently in power rather than try an unknown candidate who may turn out to be none more than the same or even worse."
I was forced.to get this book for class and this was a terrible reading experience. The book was very broad and lacking description. DO NOT GET!!!!!!
"Another book I was forced to read while I was in school . The aspect of Farm animals doing corrupt things (like humans) is just to weird to adjust to. Anyway this book was okay I guess, how the animals segregated themselves and lied and cheated was all about making fun of how humans live. I didn't enjoy this book as much as I was supposed to."
I don't recommend this book. It starts off pretty good then towards the end it just bombs and its really bad. I had to read this for school so I had no choice because I had to read it but I don't recommend it.
"i think that the animals had great courage to stand up and defend themselves against the  mean farmers of England. i am glad that since the 9-11 attack, America has shown just as much courage and resilience"
"I had to read this book for my ninth grade Literature Class. The kids in my group, as well as I, were very confused by all the writings.  Though we were told it had meaning that cooresponded to toltarism, we got lost trying to find it.  I bought the SparkNotes for Animal Farm from Barnes & Noble, and read them immediatley after the novella.  I made so much more sense!  Read the book, get confused, read the Sparknotes, and then you'll understand.~LM"
I absolutely hated this book. I was not intrested at all. The events in the book go to fast and don't make sense
"Most people have completely missed the point of this book. Animal Farm has nothing to do with communism. Animal Farm is about the age-old question: What would the world be like if animals could talk? It's pretty straight-forward.The only problem that I have with this book is that there aren't enough animals involved. Animal Farm limits itself by only including farm animals. I'd like to hear what wolves, bears, camels, and elephants have to say.Hopefully Orwell will write a sequel to Animal Farm and include more animals."
"I knew after reading the first chapter of this book, there is no point in this novel, just a good read.  If Orwell is trying to make a point that animals should be controlling everything because they provide much of it, he has done a terrible job.  The reason that humans control this world is because we are the only life-forms that can communicate universally, which is taken away in this novel.  But, after knowing it is a very bad point, the book is very clever with vivid verbs and a great flow.  For those who look to find a meaning in every book, don't read this, for those who want a good read and don't care how stupid the plot is, go for it!"
"Animal Farm is the weirdest book I've ever read. In it (in a parody of the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution) animals in a UK farm overthrow their master, a Mr. Jones. Now, I fully understand the message the author is conveying, and (keep in mind I had to read it because for Grade 10 English, otherwise I'd rather be reading the latest Tom Clancy or Dale Brown thriller) while some parts were, say, tolerable, the book contained absurdities on EVERY page, such as: animals that can read, write, paint, sew, operate firearms, sing, teach, trade, and form Communist dictatorships. Well, the only way I got myself throgh this extremely (thank God) short novel was to lock myself into a room, read it, and get it over with"
"This is george orwells take on the russian revolution that tells lies and myths after another. I would suggest that others read historical tracts to reveal Orwells obivious bias and work for the british ruling class. He  maligns the great achievements of the working class in the soviet union to  animalism, also how human can change and create a better society.  Eventhough the SU had its imperections and finally in the 1950s returned to  capitalism(which they called socialism)."
"As a 10th grader, not many old books draw my interest. However, Orwell and  his animals had me glued to the book. If anybody has doubts as too the  error of communism, buy it from Amazon.com and read it today!"
"It's a classic. Short, simple, and highly entertaining, this is a great leisure read! It's also so interesting to have a first-hand account of the mindset 50 or so years ago when there was a communism scare."
"I tried to read this when I was a young teenager at the recommendation of my mother and hated it.  Now, 20 years later I've tried again and can really appreciate the story.  Was a good read and I enjoyed it."
"Having the benefit of hindsight, makes this predictive work by Orwell all the more impressive. Amazing how he uses the animals to explore human nature, particularly the nature of those entrusted with power."
It was a sad great book I still don't understand the end of the book though... it  May have been that there will never be peace?!I would have liked to know what happened to snowball and Mollie
A classic that still rings the bells in our era. A must to read and have in our collection of great books. The price and the service was excellent. I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you very mucho.
"I find interesting that this book and other works such as ""1984"" and ""Atlas Shrugged"", are so reflective of today's politics. Could these authors have beenvisionaries of what was coming to us today?"
"This book had a clear message that everyone should listen to.Orwell gives a no lies veiw on the communisim prespective. I hope that when someone reads this book, They dig deeper than the basic plot. :-)"
"I tired to read this book when I was in my late teens and it made no sense to me.  Now 45, I decided to revisit this famous piece of literature and found out what the fuss was about.  I now understand."
This was one of the greatest books i have ever read. As long as you have studied a few revolutions of the 1800 and 1900's you will fall in love with this book. I highly recomend this book to everyone.
"For all of you out there that see this book as a classic, I'm sorry, but it was the most incoherent gibberish I have ever read in my life. I was forced to read it for an english class, and I found it nearly impossible to finish. It drags on and I don't think it sets a good example. It deters people from standing up for their rights, making it seem like revolution always ends in failure."
"Listen guys... if you don't know a thing about russian revolution. if you've never beeen close to history class, if you've never heard a thing about communism, and you want to read this book for your english class...  HALT. You wont understand a sinle theme, a single symbol, a single  point...WHY NOT READ SOMETHING REASONABLE THEN???"
"Unfortunately, this book was assigned for English class last year and I  hated it!  Not only did I find this book lame and boring, but I also found  it pointless and how they based it on the Russian Revolution by using pigs,  horses, cow, or whatever other animals they used.  So, if you are reading  this book for English class or are about to, good luck!"
"Shakespeare wrote. Tolstoy criticized Shakespeare. Orwell criticized Tolstoy. Now it is my responsibility to continue the English-Russian-English-Russian pattern and criticize George Orwell.  Although it has earned a reputation of one of our (20eth) century's most  accomplished novels, I felt that the ""Animal Farm"" is a  consistently overrated work. George Orwell's often cynical tone made me  want to defend my own worst enemy - communism. Not only did he exaggerate  and misinterprit historical events, which surrounded the Russian  Revolution, Orwell forced me to believe that he was indeed unfamiliar with  the system, which was ultimately the world's savior from fascism, a regime  far more fearful. A series of mocking allegories and failed personification  is, in my view, nothing more, than political propaganda of Orwell's era."
"This is supposed to be some literary masterpiece, but I think it is pretty bland and unoriginal. Obviously, it is symbolic of society falling apart under a corrupt government(Communism), and the author uses animals as the characters in order to compare them to humans behaving like animals. That is really all there is to it, and, as I said, the symbolism is very obvious. It doesn't take a genius to figure out what the author is trying to say becuase he spells it out for you. The story itself is boring, lifeless and dispassionate. The animal characters have no sense of unique identity. It is just another story created for someone to get on a soapbox."
"Seriously, this book is way too scary! I gave it to my 10-year-old to read and he was scared because of all the totalitarianism LOL! DO NOT READ!UPDATE: My 10-year-old was not, in fact, scared by this book. He was provoked by its critique of totalitarianism, however, as evidenced by several subsequent late-night conversations about Orwell's political and humanistic beliefs, and the nature of freedom.I thought my original review's sarcasm was easily detectable, that it would be clear that I meant to say something more along the lines of, ""Every kid read this book because it is an accessible tuning fork by which they can learn about the dangers of totalitarianism."" I figured the ""LOL! DO NOT READ!"" would put a fine enough point on that sarcasm. Reading the comments, I can see I misjudged. Hope this update clears things up."
This book sucks so bad I couldn't even get through it. I quit reading it before chapter three. I would not recommend this book to anyone you will waste your time and in the end or whenever you throw it away you'll be asking yourself who would write a book with talking animals?
"Crazy! I am 10 and this book was not a gud influence on me. It was boring and ddduuuulll @ the beginning and i almost died. But then when it got exciting i was disturbed because they started killing each other and the pigs turned into people. ithought that this would be a gud ""fairy story"", like the title says. but, like they always say, ""don't judge a book by its cover."" THIS IS NOT A GUD FAIRY STORY!!!!!!!!!!!!! }:("
"Animal Farm is about some farm animals who revolt against their master, Mr. Jones. They make their own government. After some time a group of farmers try take back the farm and fail.Animal Farm is one of the slowest books I've read. I never got the point of the story. I had a hard time understanding this book so I didn't care for this book."
"Unlike many reviewers, I was not conned into reading this book for some sort of academic project, but rather for personal enjoyment. I expected nothing more than another great work by George Orwell, whose book 1984 was nothing short of a masterpiece. But let me tell you, Animal Farm is a disgrace. It is nothing more than an ameture application of talking farm animals to characters in the Russian Revolution. Nothing more. Nothing new. Honestly, it is simply that simple: farm animals applied to a historical account of the Russian Revolution; this is the extent of the so-called 'symbolysm'. If i wished to simply apply idiotic and stupid talking pigs, dogs and horses to the Nazis, France and the US in World War II, my 'masterpiece' would be equally as good as this 'symbolic work of art'. I find it tragic that people believe that something so simple and dumbfounded is 'symbolism', and that something so unbearably torturously difficult to read can be considered 'great' only because it integrates lowly 'symbolism'. I mean what I say when I tell you that abssolutely anyone could write this disgusting disgrace to literature. I wanted to like this book."
"Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is a fast-paced fable about power struggles and corruption.  Read literally, it is a simple book with a strong theme.  When applied to the Russion Revolution, it becomes a  humorous and amusing political sattire.  Take a break and read this book!  Have fun!"
I purchased this for a student and it arrived the next day.  I will place additional orders in the future.
This was a school book requirement that I found cheaper on amazon than purchasing at the local book store.
"Though this book starts real slow, it is hard to put down once you are in to the action. The conflict between the ""two leaders"" of the farm is funny. This book clearly shows human nature and humans being compared to animals and animals trying to be like civilized humans."
"Everyone has to read this book! It's short and easy to read, it's funny, and it makes you smarter!!!"
"It's a real shame that in this modern day of ours, we don't have authors like George Orwell around. I'm not going to try and make a critical analysis for Animal Farm because it speaks for itself. This book is original, funny, and shows despotism at its best. Fantastic."
"Animal Farm, a very intriguing novel by George Orwell, is one that I highly suggest to anyone who wants to read such a meaningful book. In an essence, it represents our world in the early 1940's, when World War II was in full swing. In this book, animals represent different human charcters and different characteristics people exhibit through their actions of war and tyranny. Napoleon, the pig that overthrew Snowball, symbolizes a dictator and represents a sort of dictatorship, like Adolf Hitler. Napoleon has a way, like Hitler, to brainwash his people to think he is the best. This book really got my wheels turning. This is an outstanding book for anyone who chooses to read it, so why are you waiting? Go read it today!"
This should not be sold as a book. It is totally unreadable because the font size is so small. Was it a mistake at the printing factory? They should be ashamed to sell it!
The ending kinda sucks but whatever roght. I also likw how the thc fjxbd d d d d.  DDbdndjh ivory
With these words we find a tale that is touching and heartbreaking as it is inspiring. We see how we can be fooled into letting others control how we think and act if we do not think for ourselves. This is definitly a book  to read for a report or for pleasure.
"This book is, without a doubt, the most over rated ""classic"" I have ever read. It's not like there are multiple themes and ideas up for discussion here.  The book has one point that it beats to death over and over again.  Why anybody would ever need Cliffs notes to figure out what the book is about is beyond me.  If you read the first 20 pages, you already know how the book is going to end.  What, you mean the pigs gave themselves even MORE power?  Shocking! I never saw that one coming!  Save your energy for a book worth reading."
"This book was terible. I was forced into reading this book in school.  Which is no surprise, this is exactly the kind of book our government wants to force people to read, so they hand it to schools, and try to force us to  read it.  This book was written by a insane man named George Orwell, who  hated society, and displayed that by bashing humanity, and making people  look like lower lifeforms than animals.  He used pigs to potray govermnent  officials (which isn't a bad choice if you ask me), horses for hard working  people, dogs as SS troops, etc...  Throught this entire book, he constantly  tries to show that humans are sick people, that will corrupt no matter what  happens. To be honest I think this man is crazy and needs to be locked up."
"I want my money back for this purchase, since you guys decided not to send it to me"
"I didn't like this book at all! I don't care if it was supposed to symbolize history with the Russian Revolution plot but Orwell could've certainly done better to show this historical conflict in a professional and non-fiction type manner than having barn animals fight and kill each other. I wish everyone in this book died cause I didn't care one bit about any of the characters! Orwell didn't make this novel interesting and it seems like a first grader could read this book and like it because everyone at that age thinks that animals fighting is fun. However, I had to read this book in high school and why would I care about this ridiculous nonsense anymore? How dumb did Orwell think I was! I don't get why this book was even published! I advise you not to read this book you will certainly waste your time unless if you're into the silly plots that would never exist in the 21st century"
"Its is so annoying to see liberals writing books in politics, and i dont care who they attack- Liberals hate everybody else.  Stupid guy had to express his feelings and whine about Russia.  Okay Russia was bad, but this is just annoying.  I didnt learn anything new, and even if i did i probably wouldnt care.  A kid who reads this is going to be shocked at what he reads, no magic, just boring old crap."
i love animals and if you like animals this book is not for you. at first i thought it was going to be great but then it turned into a huge discrace. i would not reckomend this book to anyone that doesn't want to be sad or depressed  Summer reading class!!!
"I had to read this book in 8th grade and then againmy sophomore year of High School and I hated itboth times.  I understnd it's meaning and it's importance how its about communism and all, but that doesn't take awayfrom teh fact that it's BORING! If you haven't read it all ready, save yourself now and don't!!!"
"the book 'animal farm' was not very good. we read it in english, and the book is so boring i almost fell asleep reading it. george orwell must be old. i do not recommend this book to anyone.. try watching tv instead. but dont watch the movie, its worse than the book."
i had to read this book for my ninth grade english class. i  would have to say that it is one of the worst books i have ever read. There may be some things that relate to things that were going on in that time period7 but if i hadnt been told that by my english teacher then i would have had no idea. no one wants to hear about pigs taking over a farm and then wearing human clothes and beimg in their house. I just dont understand the point of this book
"Perhaps the worst book I have ever layed eyes on. I can't stand this kind of unrealistic plot, (whose ever heard of pigs giving lectures about politics).  If I weren't having to read this for English 10 I could be digging into a true classic and my holidays would be much more enjoyable."
