"This book has such a simple, elegant storyline, that is thoroughly original, set in time and with vivid characters and sense of place. Hard to forget. Hard to put down."
"This is by far one of the greatest books I have ever read. The ability of the author to tie every event in the story into one theme is excellent. The avid use of symbolism is done expertly by Lee as well, adding to the significance of the message. Once you read this novel, I guarantee you no regrets will be had. The only warning I have is that if you are not reading beyond what's directly written, you will fully understand the purpose of such a genius piece of writing. I could go on and on about the perfection of this, but once you read this novel you will understand my enthusiasm. I beg of you to purchase this book, as it is an exemplary piece of literature."
"Setting in Maycomb, Alabama, perceived as a boring town lived Scout, her brother Jem, and their father Atticus. In the town of Maycomb a lot of families lived on in generations just like the Finches. Families generally settle there and never move out of the town. When school is out Scout and Jem are accompanied by Dill Harris in which they all have an obsession of playing around their local haunted house, the Radley place. The Radley place is announced to having a boogeyman named Boo Radley. This place being between the Finches house and school has Scout walking top speed every day when school starts. One day in route, Scout notices a couple of pieces of gum stuck in a hole in the tree. She tells her brother about it and they begin to find other things hidden in the same place until Mr. Nathan (Boo’s brother) filled I the hole with cement. Scout gets teased at school because her father, a lawyer, takes on a black man named Tom Robinson who is being accused of raping a white woman. When the trial day comes, the kids sneak in to watch as they realize that Mayella Ewell is lying about being the victim. Tom gets convicted on the rape charges and Atticus is being hated by the town because he accused Mayella and her father of lying. A few weeks after the trial Tom attempted to escape prison. One night while the kids are walking home from a Halloween event at their school, someone follows them as they walk home. Jem and Scout ends up being attacked by someone and Scout can’t see who the mysterious attacker is because of the way her costume is. They return home by Jem being unconscious and having a broken arm and carried by a hero."
Fantastic
Classic well worth reading more than once!!!
Wish I had read this book sooner.
Woderfull!I really enjoyed it
"The story is well told, but too much attention is paid to a childhood fantasy.  I love it much more the first time I read it, but it does not wear well."
"There is a reason this book has been so popular for so many years.  If it's on your ""To Read"" list, make sure you do it!  I enjoyed it."
Good story worth reading again
"With all the publicity about the sudden appearance after all these years of ""Go Set A Watchman"" I decided to reread this book after many years. I also watched the movie again on Netflix.  I really enjoyed the experience of reading and watching the Finch kids grow up with all their adventures as well as Atticus's struggle with the trial.  I am old enough that I remember some of my childhood experiences which were very similar to Scout and Jems."
A classic to be read many times in a lifetime!
Good ole Southern reading.
"One of the classics of American literature, and the inspiration for legions of lawyers across the country. Written from the point of view of a clever, sassy young girl, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, who's dealing with the struggles of growing up in the segregated South. Her older, widowed father, Atticus, is clearly in over his head trying to raise two rambunctious children by himself while maintaining a law practice, but offers a wonderful role model for the children with his quiet dignity and courage. His appointment to represent Tom Robinson, a black man charged with the rape of a white woman, puts himself and his children in danger. Their story, while on the surface a seemingly bucolic ""growing-up"" tale, is one of the most powerful pieces of writing of the 20th century, and a powerful indictment of the ""Jim Crow"" South, which was under heavy attack by the federal government at the time of its publication."
"Wonderful reading. A beautifully told story of growing in the 1930s South from the point of view of a small white girl. Built around the case of a black man unfairly accused of and sentenced for raping a white poor girl, the story describes slowly changing attitudes toward race inequality and, at the same time, depicts deeply rooted customs and way of life of the South."
Still great.
great book.
"I found this book very interesting. Atticus' character was revolutionary for his time and I really felt his emotion of his character throughout the book. Seeing it from Scout's perspective was even better. If you haven't read this classic yet, I highly recommend that you do."
Enduring classic.  Even better the second time around!  Harper Lee writing is genius.
The book came just in time for school. Thanks a million
"What's not to love?  Delightfully narrated by ""Scout"".  I can imagine this book raised some eyebrows when it was written....."
I read this for a book review in 1960 when I was a Junior in High school.  I am doing a book review on this one in November for my book club!  Loved the story both times!
Great book. Still relevant.
A true classic. Loved it!
"To see social injustices through the eyes of a child is to see things as they really are. No drama, no embellishments, just fact. The little ironies and contradictions of white society in the 1930's are subtly brought into sharp focus through the innocent observations of Scout Finch. This is a coming of age story that immerses you into Scout's world, and without even realising it you are drawn into a racial conflict, which has you thinking and contemplating all the way through.This book is a must read, and the story should be told again and again. Miss Harper is a magical weaver of words and a steadfast social commentator. This was a truly captivating read."
A truly masterful piece completely entrancing every time I have read it. I always come back time and time again to reread and re-appreciate this book
"Is an interesting story, it was a bit hard to follow due to the language used but very entertaining, enjoyed from beginning to end"
Loved it!!
I bought To Kill a Mockingbird to refresh my memory before reading Go Set a Watchman.
"Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, To Kill a Mockingbird, is set in a small town of Alabama, where the Great Depression casts over the lives of many people. However, fourteen year old Scout and her brother Jem’s father remains financially stable while he maintains the job of a lawyer. The children encounter many mysteries with racist neighbors, a sick lady and Boo Radley. The novel leaves the readers hungry to read more as Atticus agrees to defend a black man, Tom Robinson. Defending a black man in a racist community will have many people hopeless as they strive to find out the outcome.Harper Lee gives the readers an insight on the truth in reality as she describes racism and innocence through the eyes of young Scout and Jem. It is important for people to read this because it allows them to learn the lessons in the novel that cannot be taught in any other way. The past of America is inevitable and must be taught to teens and adults. There is a reason why this novel is considered a brilliant masterpiece, as the words speak to you and has on impact on the readers’ emotions."
"I remember we had to read To Kill A Mockingbird when I was a Jr. in High School. I LOVED the book. When Harper Lee's 2nd book Go Set A Watchman, I had to purchased it in hardcover & I purchased To Kill A Mockingbird to complete the set."
loved this book
"Brilliant writing by Harper Lee, herself a product of the south in the early-midcentury.  Story is about the Finch family in southern Alabama  - loved the characterizations & innocence of Scout's formative years."
Retread this book after many years.  Still a classic.... Read it!  You won't be disappointed.  Now on to To Set a Watchman!
I though I knew the story...But reading the background give it life.
Harper Lee is amazing!
"The reality of it all was so sad, but so true. We haven't changed at all. There are just more of us and more advanced ways of  hurting one an o ther"
A book for my grandson that was required reading in is class.
I saw the film many years ago and enjoyed the story
"I was reading this for a school project and I didn't really like the part one, but as I read on, it became more and more interesting and things began to come together. I have just finished this and by the time I got to chapter 28, I could not stop. 10/10This is a good book if you are against racism and prejudice (like me) and want to see it integrated into a story."
Excellent and really enjoyable read
"I read this in high school and wanted to read it again. It's still one of my favorites! I wanted to actually refresh my memory because I plan on reading To Set A Watchman (?) I believe that's the name of the new book.  Scout is still my favorite character, and it's funny, there's some jokes in the book that went over my head as a teenager. So it was funny reading it for the second time and as an adult I actually got the what the joke meant. ""Morphodite"" Excellent read!"
One of those books that you are forced to read in high school or middle school… But then don't realize how much of a literary masterpiece it really is until you're a grown adult
Timeless classic!  Read again and loved every minute!
What else can I say that hasn't already been said.  5 stars.
"A classic, if you haven't read it, you need to.  Also made into a great movie."
My daughter really enjoyed it
So many insights.  Worth reading twice.  Want to see the movie again.  Will have my grandchildren read this.  Loved it.
This book brought immense feeling to me and really made me think. It made me think about myself and how I shouldn't judge people on whom they appear to be. I would recommend this book to anyone because it just blew my mind.
"I had to read this book for English class, I didn't think I would enjoy it. It has a slow beginning but a great story."
Great book husband was happy to have a hard back copy
Fantastic book. I read it every year.
Great book.  Old classic
"This was a reread for me. Because I had just read her newly released book, I felt the need to re-read Mockingbird. My motivation was to decide if, as charged in some corners, Atticus had become a racist, was also a racist, was never nor now a racist. After long consideration I came to the decision that he was not then nor later a racist. He was a realist, devoted to the law, but he was a class snob. His objection to Henry was clearly class snobbery."
An American classic
Many readers have no idea what life was like in the 30/s and this is a window to the past for them.
Classic!
fantastic.  Even better reading now than when I read it some 50 years ago.
"First read this over 40 years ago. Began it again a month ago, and before I finished, went to see it done on stage at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis. Stage version changed several things and understandably left out quite a few pieces, but was powerful, nonetheless. Still, there is nothing that equals Harper Lee's powerfully crafted novel! Intend to read it again, but not wait another 40 years to do it."
I bought this for my grandma and she is currently reading it. Atticus Finch has been and always will be my fictional hero. I loved this book. I've read it many times and I also loved the film. I can't wait it because it's hard to see through all the tears. Such a great story!
"I think that the book mostly formed around racism when it was written because almost 10 chapters was about an accused colored person,but the book also talked about how scout was growing up and having many adventures on the way"
Just recently re-read this after many years.  What a great story.  This copy is for my teenage daughters.
"I read ""Go Set a Watchman"" first because I understood Ms Lee had planned to release it first.  This book is absolutely super.  Considering the time frame when this was written, Ms Lee addresses the problem of hate for someone's race as the terrible scar that it is in a unique and gentle but firm way that draws you into the story.  If you are listening at all, you cannot help but see yourself or those around you in a new light. Both books bring this problem out into the open without being overly critical. The characters are each filled out so you think you know them or someone like them and are yourself part of the story--which in a way you are. Even the mysterious neighbor ""Boo,"" is there for a much needed purpose.  If you have or have not ever read this book or the recently published "" Go Set a Watchman,"" I encourage you to do so.  You won't regret it."
I read this book many years ago and loved it. I got this copy to reread and keep in my library.
Great
"It's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" what is there to review; it's a classic?"
"Before delving into the controversy of the recently-released ""Go Set A Watchman"", I wanted to re-read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" (something I hadn't done in quite some time) in order to refresh myself on all the characters.  What I found is that the story holds up as well now as on the day it was published.  Truly a timeless tale of historical fiction at its finest.For a basic plot summary, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" tells the story of the Finch family, who are living in Maycomb, Georgia, in 1935.  The book first develops the children, Jean-Louise (or ""Scout"", if you don't want to get beat up) and older brother Jem, as they spend their school days and summers like most children do (although with perhaps a bit of an unhealthy obsession with the recluse living at the end of the block, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley).  One summer, the children's father, Atticus, is called upon to defend in court a black man (Tom Robinson) accused of raping a white woman.  As the trial plays out, it becomes clear that no much incident has occurred, yet will the town be able to put its casual, almost in-grown racism behind them and do the right thing?Treatises have been written and published about this book, so examining its deep themes would take up more space than anyone would possibly want to read here.  Suffice it to say, however, that is able to find that ""magic formula"" of taking incredibly deep and complicated themes (community racism in the Deep South) and explaining them so perfectly through situations/characters that even middle school children can understand what is happening.  That is a rare quality, and author Harper Lee deserves much praise for it.  The book doesn't preach to readers, nor does it care about political correctness (in some ways, I wonder if a book like this could ever be written these days?).  It just tells a magnificent story filled with complex characters, and then gets out of the way to let the reader think things through.One particular thing I was in tuned to while reading the book this time was the character of Atticus, who came under a bit of fire after a different sort of portrayal (from what I hear...I haven't read it yet) in ""Watchman"".  To me, Atticus is the best character in ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", as he represents the epitome of taking responsibility and being a stand-up citizen.  He never has all the right answers (whether for raising children or defending the most difficult court case of his life), but he does his level and honest best and agonizes over trying to do the right thing in every situation.  After ""Watchman"", I have read a few retrograde analyses of Atticus in this novel that portray him as a ""casual racist"" just like everyone else in Maycomb.  I do not agree with that characterization at all after finishing the book.  To me, he is still one of the strongest representations of virtue and wisdom to ever be put down on the printed page.Simply put, I was able to get sucked in to ""Mockingbird"" this time around just as quick as I ever have in the past.  I now look forward to reading ""Watchman"" and comparing the tone and characterizations of both pieces."
"A true classic. I had forgotten how much I had missed in it years ago. My favorite was Atticus always saying to his children ""put yourself intheir shoes"". Everyone should read and keep this book in their collection."
Intense novel. A classic.
"I had read this book years ago and maybe it's my age, but I now find it to have a much deeper meaning.  This book is a classic and I enjoyed reading about those times in the old South.  I was born in 1932, about the time frame for this book, but growing up in Gibbon, Nebraska was much different than growing up in Maycomb, Alabama.  Try to put your feet into the shoes of the main characters.  And, Then just sit back and enjoy....."
One of the most amazing books Ive ever read.
This was a replacement book from one lost some years ago.
"A great insight into difficult issues like racial discrimination, rape, and human injustice and how a community can have strong bias and prejudices that can be very dangerous."
A nice slipcased edition of a classic book. A perfect edition to any library.
Great book fast shipping
Why hadn't I read this sooner?
IT IS SUPERB!!!!!
"Not sure why I haven't read this before, but I am glad that I finally have!"
This was a book that I have been meaning to read for sometime and I wasn't disappointed. I have never seen the film so had no preconceived ideas about the characters or storyline. Harper Lee draws you into life in a small southern town in a southern state seen through the eyes of a young girl and is thoroughly convincing. There were several plot lines which caught me out and took me by surprise. Yes a jolly good read and I fell in love with Atticus!
"This is the second time that I have this book... just as interesting, humorous, and thoughtful."
"Classic, must read."
Great book
Great!!
A must for everyone
Thoroughly enjoyed getting to know the characters.  Wonderful read.
LOVED IT. One of the best books ever.
"Interestingly written, story line charges in unusual fashion"
Glad I read this book after having watched the movie with Gregory Peck so many times and never tiring of watching over and over.  I was amazed at how true the movie was to the book.  Surely one of my all time favorite books.
Never had the occasion to read this Classic.  So glad I finally made the time. It's all that !!!!!
"This book was an absolute joy to read, the richness in language, character development, just amazing.  The reader is truly transported into the story.  Wonderful book!"
This book is my regular re-read.
Amazing book...loved reading it again post high school. :)
"I saw the movie first, so I knew what would happen.  So much better than ""Go Set A Watchman."""
I read this book many years ago and always loved it.  It's still as enjoyable as I remembered.
One of the greatest books ever written. Something nice to keep in your library.
I've seen the movie but hadn't read the book. I couldn't put it down!  Definitely will read again someday.  Everybody should read it!
GREAT WORK
classic novel by Harper Lee
Just as wonderful as I remembered it when I read it in high school which was a long time ago!
"I wanted to re-read this before I read Watchman, just to have it fresh in my mind.  Wonderful the second time around too!"
Harper Lee had an amazing way to putting words to page. This book is written in a most interesting manner. I wish she had published ten more books.
1/10 wasn't about mockingbirds and i still don't know how to kill them. not a good guide. not recommended :(
"Harper Lee...what a timeless writer! This novel keeps the reader (young or old) into the book and entertained. I first read this book in junior high as a requirement for summer reading and now I'm reading it again as a grad student. I'm gaining a new understanding for the plot. Just an awesome book! I highly recommend this book to someone looking for a nice, interesting read with characters that we can all relate to."
Excellent!perfection!
"Our Book Club read this book recently and I had read it in High School.  Reading this book now had a different meaning than it did many years ago.  While set in the 1930's in rural Alabama, the book is timeless and relevant."
It is well written. The book tells more about the altitude in the South at the time than the film.
classic
"I don't know how I managed to reach the age if 40 without having read this classic but it was well worth the wait. I expected a sad tale of injustice, a court room drama and instead I found a beautiful story of innocence and childhood. Will read it again and again."
"One of my favorite books of all time and a star in my home library. It's a classic for a reason. My daughter first read it in 7th grade and fell in love with it. She doesn't keep much, but she still has her copy of TKaM, with all its dog eared pages and underlined sections."
"Can't believe that I had never gotten around to reading this book.  Decided to read it once ""Go Set a Watchman"" was released.  I know there is a reason that this book is a classic but it is very well written and offers a very unique look into a previous period in our history and and insight into human inter-action.  If you haven't read this, you should."
Thoroughly enjoyable
To Kill a Mockingbird deserves on the shelf of all time best novels. Children used as important characters is a clever thing and makes the novel more humane. Very well written with sympathy to the problem of blacks before affirmative action.
Good read.
"Come on--if you don't know about this book, you should start reading it today. This is a beautifully written book about so many things--about courage to stand up for what is right. Read it!! It's a life changer."
AAA+
"without saying,one of the great classics. loved it"
I never got to read this book in high school.  There are hot topics narrated from a little girl's innocent point of view.  This book took me back to my own childhood and reminded me how some things were so simple.
"Atticus understood human nature - Atticus was wise, and lived his convictions.  This book is a treasure and should be read be everyone. Beautifully written."
read it years ago.  Still great.
"This book is a must read, most people read it in school, but I read it every couple of years because I just love it!!"
"Great classic story. FAST shipping! As homeschoolers, we really value being able to receive items quickly, as they relate to the topics we are studying currently. Amazon helps make that simple."
great
Good book to read again as an adult.
Wonderful classic. So glad to read it a second time.
The start of the story was slow but about halfway into the book it became very interesting.  The child telling the story was an interesting way to present the details of their lives with having a father who was a lawyer defending a black man.
"For some reason I didn't read this classic in high school or college, so it has been on my list-I thought  Harper Lee's writing style was beautiful, thoughtful, smart and also funny. While the subject matter is quite serious and the novel is heart breaking at times, it was the reality of the time.  I was amazed, awed by her insights on race and prejudice -which were so far ahead of her time. This is an important novel that is a must read for ALL Americans, and should be required reading at the high school level. Teens today need to be educated on the issues described in this novel so they understand the past, the present, - and ensure these views will never be part of their future."
It's a classic!
Perfect!
My favorite book!!!!
"A classic, must-read!"
Good read
"When I began to read this for the first time, I was Off put by the dialect of a small child in  the 1930s. The story line was hard to follow at first.  Yet I now fully understand why this is a classic.  As one born in the north, in the 60s. How ignorant I was to the events that overwhelmed me in my youth. With no knowledge of the events that brought about the black on white hatred I experienced despite my naive tee."
Did not find it very interesting - but good writing
"I loved the story before I bought this one. The book was in mint condition, had all the pages, and had the classic book scent. It was a gift for my sister because her version/publication of the book had a missing page. I especially liked this because it was from a foreign publishing company and someone I don't know read the same words I did."
had to read this book in high school and i loved it so much i had to own it.  absolutely great story and it's completely captivating.  five stars!
"Reread this after 40-50 years.  Had forgotten how good it was.  Politically correct even then, maybe more mainstream now, or maybe we are just all older and wiser?"
Just finished the book.  Only saw movie before.  Interesting view of the times and small towns.  Glad to know there were some enlightened people back in the day...
An American classic and one everyone should read.
Re-reading this book after many years. Enjoyed it as much as the first time. Love books about the South. I can so identify with the characters.Have just begun reading the Watchman book.
Wonderful writing!
"It turned out to be a good book but the first half of the book, I found to be rather boring.  I only stayed with it because it is often referred to as an American classic."
Had read it before.  Great memories.  Great classic story.
Very entertaining & well written. A wonderful read!
"I saw the movie before, love listening to the book."
This is a classic story that has gone down in history as such. The movie was well-portrayed and pretty true to the book. There is no substitute for reading the story though.
Timeless classic
A touching tale of a young girl growing in the 50th South.
Good read
I really enjoyed this book and didn't want it to be over with.  It kept my thinking all the way through.  Explained a lot of the differences between the black and whites during this time.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a modern classic, revealing some of the dynamics of the racist South and how they were rationalized, justified, challenged, and experienced.  Not all Southerners are racist and there are multiple kinds of racism, some of which are steeped in ideals and genteel values.  The book reveals the subtle nuances of those kinds of racism and the raw ugliness of racism at its worst.  Reading this book in one hand and Martin Luther King, Jr.'s ""Stride Toward Freedom"" in the other reveals the tension of those racist years and the change that would soon occur."
Excellent book!
beautifully crafted characters in a bittersweet story of human prejudice and love.
Wow! Always a great book to read with the family! I am very happy this is still around! I hope you enjoy this as much as I do!
check the review for the 50th anniversary edition.
Brilliantly simple view of a complexed and prejudice period.  So many broken people fighting against mercy and justice.  Atticus is the voice of reason and sanity while the community seeks to justify itself and its all witnessed thru the eyes of a child.  No wonder it's required reading in school!
Excellent
"It's a classic, so that is why I finally decided to read it.  Way too slow and detailed for my taste.  I read 3/4 of the book and couldn't do more."
Read it again after many years: great book
"The story and the characters are so rich, and I enjoyed delving into each of them. It is a Story /Classic, which stays with you -- for a long time!  You can draw insight and parallel from these wonderful Characters. Lover of Atticus in this novel, and so I've not YET read Go Set a Watchman, as many of the reviews seem to imply something that may ruin this beloved character.  His children, Jem and Scout , through the adventures and lessons, and the young growing years (of this book) - are fun, adventurous, and mature, insightful.  Atticus is truly demonstrating what it is to consider another , to get into their skin...It's both Stoic and Delightful!  Tender and matter of fact.I've not seen the movie, and although I have heard rave reviews, I will prefer to keep Atticus and Jem and Scout and all the other characters - the way my mind and heart view them!"
Great everything I expected
Terrific book....always loved the film and so pleased with the book
"This country needs to return to the values and morals that Atticus displays as a human being, father and his sense of community. To Kill a Mockingbird is a great read."
I expected more.
This really wakes you about prejudice!
Timeless classic!
Excellent to be read every few years
I read this classic for the first time at the age of 63!  I enjoyed every minute of this story and so glad I finally took the time to read it.
A classic yesterday and a classic today!
Classic with a reason.
"VERY DETAILED WRITING, NOT MUCH OF A STORY LINE"
"One of the best books I've ever read, a book you can re-read over and over and love it each time."
"The disturbing language confronts but is necessary to relay the bigotry that thrives throughout. A wonderful weave of childish tension and bewilderment at the trial and retribution of an Alabama community . Told from view of Jean Louise (Scout), I found once I was in it was difficult to put down. Get reacquainted with 'To Kill a Mockingbird', it's worth your time."
I wish I would have reread this before her newly released book.
Enjoyed the writing style. Had trouble putting it down. Well thought out story with good ending
Great classic and worth another read if you read this when you were in High School. Loved it.
Well written. I liked it a lot. Scout si very special!!! Naive and funny
Wonderful story which reflects on both the positive and negative relationships of the Deep South.
Great to read an old classic again
"The author raised various difficult issues, including, but not limited to,  the racial issues that this country faced then and now  These were presented from  from both an adult and teen perspective. Outstanding writing.  The author's insights projected through the characters and, for me who lived through that period (mid 20th century). were accurate and highlighted the different perspectives prevalent at the time. A most enjoyable read."
Enjoyed this book much more this time than when I read it over 40 years ago.  Truly a classic.
"I spent my entire life avoiding reading this book. I know exactly why I avoided it, because it was exactly as I expected, only more poignant and so so much more relevant to modern day than I expected. Great read."
I'm 68 years old and have never read this. Saw the author's next book advertised and decided to read both. Short and sweet. Insightful. Thoroughly enjoyed. Recommend for fifth grade and up.
"Perhaps you had to live in the era to appreciate the sentiment of the time. I found the story line to be an accurate depiction of one girl's life in the early 60's.It took me back. I, for one, loved it."
It is a classic. Brilliant
Wonderful book.  SELLER is fast & A+++++.
This is the third time I have read this book and each time I enjoy it more.  I read it this time to refresh my memory for reading her recently released book The Night Watchmen.
"While most readers read To Kill a Mockingbird as a student I was not as fortunate. Still, it's never to late to read an American Classic and I'm glad I did. I couldn't put this book down. Harper Lee paints a vivid portrait of life in small town America through the eyes of a young 10 year old girl during the mid 1930's. Her father is a widowed lawyer trying his best to raise her and her brother with the help of a colored house keeper. Life is carefree and innocent until a young colored man is falsely accused of raping a young white girl. Now this young girl is forced to see the racial inequalities that surrounds her.  If you haven't read this book I strongly recommend it."
great book
"I didn't like the condition of the book, small print, aged looking pages that must be 20 years old."
Loved it. GREat writing.
"I first read this book as a young girl and because I wanted to read the latest ""find"" of the follow-up, I read it again and remembered why I had always said it was the best I had ever read!"
"Great story, re read it and enjoyed as much as first time."
Love! Love! this book.... I will re-read every year!
Truly an American iconic masterpiece.
Surprised Amazon is continuing to review this all-time amazingly well written book!  Absolutely one of my favorites books!
"The film version of Mockingbird is great, but the finely-crafted novel develops the characters and story in richer detail.  I absolutely agree with the many librarians who consider Mockingbird to be the best novel of the 20th century."
"To Kill A Mockingbird,” Harper Lee’s, 1961’s Pulitzer Prize winning novel for literature is an American classic that is required reading for most American Literature classes.But instead of just reading the Cliff Notes, and yes they still have Cliff Notes, in order to pass the test, I actually recommend reading the whole novel.  And yes, in high school, I just read the Cliff Notes and passed with flying colors.Well, I decided with “Go Set A Watchman,”  supposedly the first draft of  “To Kill A Mockingbird,” was discovered and subsequently published it was high time as an adult to actually read both novels in their entirety.I am glad that I did!  I recommend that everyone read both books.  It sheds a light not only on our American Literature but on US History as well. If you had read it as a teen, reread it now as an adult.  You will certainly bring a different viewpoint to the book.Set in the 1920’s, in the Deep South, it shows the interaction of whites and blacks before the Civil Rights movement.  African Americans were marginalized.  Their educational system was practically nonexistent and they only worked as laborers and domestic servants.Atticus, our hero, has a warm and almost an adult relationship with Scout, Jean Louise, Atticus very young daughter.  He also has a good and inviting relationship with his son Jem, and his children’s friends and classmates.  This novel is about the innocence of childhood which is epitomized by a mockingbird. In “To Kill A Mockingbird,” the title is taken from a verse uttered by Atticus to Scout, that to kill a mockingbird is a sin because they don’t do anything wrong. It because a metaphor for the theme of the book that it was wrong to harm innocent and vulnerable people.  And of course there was that famous black and white movie, starring star Gregory Peck to really bring the book, and the subject of racism to the forefront of society.  In the movie however, the trial was the movie, but the book’s main emphasis wasn’t necessarily on the trial but on Scout’s childhood.It is told from Jean Louise’s viewpoint as a child.  An innocent and precocious child she watches her father, an attorney who was assigned as a public defender defend his African American client who is on trial for raping a white woman.  He didn’t do it, but since this is the Deep South, there was no way for Atticus to win with an all-white male jury.  No women were allowed on juries as they were too fragile.  Scout, a tomboy, almost makes this book about Feminism if its main theme wasn’t racism.Unlike Go Set A Watchman, the novel is well written and well delivered making this a good read and worthy of 5 stars.  It has been said that Ms. Tay Hohoff, Ms. Lee’s editor, turned a first time writer into a prize winning novelist and saw the potential for the current book in Go Set A Watchman. (See my review.)  If Go Set A Watchman was the first draft then there is certainly hope for me yet to become an award winning Pulitzer Prize novelist.  I’ll look at Pauline’s Perils of Perplexity as my practice novella.  My novella was easily self-published through Amazon’s Create Space and never had to go through the rigors and rewriting that Ms. Lee’s novel did which I believed turned it into an enduring American classic!  There is certainly worth in the old ways of publishing with editors and publishers holding the final say.  Five stars!"
Should read the follow up novel To Set a Watchman by Harper Lee also
Great product
Better than the first time I read because I chose to this time. Can't wait to read the next one!
"How can you not love this novel?  It is a classic, a theme America has yet to deal with."
Loved the steady unfolding of the story that drew you into every character. Curious that decades later same prejudices exist.
Simply Classic !
Great!
good book
It's okay
one of the best books I have ever read with very poignant topics
"Loved the book, it's a captivating story."
Well written. I can understand why this was required reading in some high schools.
A lovely light read.  I've enjoyed it so much that I immediately ordered Watchman
A Classic.
Enjoyed this perennial favorite
"Slow start, did not like the story being told by an eight year old.  Enjoyed the trial. From there on, very predictable."
"I loved this classic, important piece of literature. Scout & Atticus make you want to be a better person. The issues are timely, even today."
Happy with the book  -  rec'd on time.
One of the great novels in the English language.
"I revisited To Kill a Mockingbird almost 20 years after I read it in high school. Without the pressure of having to read it for class, I found it a really spirited book. For when it was written, it's quite a remarkable book, with many lessons still relevant for today. For me, it's much about judging someone on their character, not their colour, wealth or standing based on outdated social expectations."
This book is what I would describe as a middle of the road read.
"I read this in high school and thought I yawned because I wasn't mature enough for it. But, really?, novel of the century?  I just didn't find it that compelling. Maybe literature has evolved so much since then that I'm comparing it to current works unfairly."
I hated this book the first time I read it years ago.  Was stupid enough to buy it again and had to make myself finish reading it.  Then I promptly put it in the garbage can. So much for that!
"I'm giving the review based upon the time period and after reading Watchman I have to say the characters are complex.  It shows the darkest side of humanity and the best (Atticus)...so dark doesn't really describe the tone of the novel so I would include thoughtful in as well..You certainly can't describe the novel as nostalgic light=hearted, suspenseful or even hopeful"
Perfect
This is a wonderful story.
"I read a long, but I was unable to stay with it. It was me not the author. I will try  again."
Enjoyed the movie and loved the book.
"This story is a classic. It tackled a difficult societal problem when it was written, and is just as timely today. But it's classical nature is more than thematic, it is a masterpiece of the storytellers art. Harper Lee not only knocked it out of the park, she knocked it out of the city, state, and Country."
As I go back and read books that I should have read in high school and even college I begin to feel cheated. It is a beautifully written book that all human beings should read.
just loved it!
"The best, I read it about 40 years ago and its gets better everythime. I've just purchased the Spanish version as Xmas gift."
Wonderful
a good read
"Just revisiting an old favorite and remembering why I loved Scout so much. Everyone should read it, at any age- Simply perfect."
I never read this book in school.  Now I understand why it's considered a classic.  It's wonderful with a heart-warming plot twist.
Such a good classic book. I don't remember reading it school so it was on the top of my list.
"I had no idea what to expect from this book when I bought it. I`ve heard very good references from it and I knew that there`s an old movie based on the novel and that there was some connection with racism against the blacks in USA. I don`t want to say that this is a bad book: simply it`s not my kind of narrative. I waited all the book long for something important to happen but the book ended without me founding anything really engaging. I understand that the author tried to describe the reality of the characters in the story through the eyes of a little girl. But that’s all. I found the plot very simple and easy to forecast and I think that the author did not take advantage of some event in the story that could perhaps make it more interesting. If you like novels in which about 75% of the book is about describing the life and ways of the characters, you may like it. If you`re looking for a clever plot to be woven before your eyes in which it`s for you to find out who`s telling the truth, who is whom he or she tells he or she is, who are the good guys and who the bad ones, just to be surprised at the end by finding out that you picked the wrong truth, I would suggest you not to read this book."
"This is my favorite novel of ALL TIME; I misplaced my paperback and my husband surprised me with a new phone and tablet for my birthday. I went ahead and purchased this as my first ever Kindle Purchase. I can read, this book over and over and never get bored. It's such a wonderful story and it's just a great overall read. I know in many cases it's assigned reading, but even if it wasn't I'd encourage any reader to read it. I can read it every summer and learn something I didn't the previous time. Harper Lee's best work. A Classic and a Must Read."
Fantastic to read again. Read it first and then read Go Set a Watchman.  I am very glad that Harper Lee was able to publish this book first before they published her first manuscript of Go Set a Watchman.
By far one of the best written novels of all time
Everyone should read this again and again. I enjoy this more with each reading. As you age you look back and relate differently to this wonderful story of a girl growing up . This is a classic book to be enjoyed by all ages. Read it and then give it to a friend or family member to read. This book is meant to be shared.
Hard to read it does not keep my interest
A great read. This will certainly be on my repeat real list.
"It's a classic for a reason.  If you haven't read it, then do so."
Another collective
Good price on a great novel!
"One of my most favorite books of all time. I love the symbolism and character development in this book. I am so looking forward to reading Harper Lee's long awaited sequel, ""Go Set a Watchman""."
Beautiful prose. Really set the period.
"One has to give five stars to a Pulitzer winning novel that has a long history of being assigned reading in law schools as well as in American Literature classes.  The narrator, 'Scout' Finch progresses from being a precocious six-year old to being a precocious nine-year old during the course of the novel.  Despite her youth, her coming of age story is riveting and amusing by turns.  Set in the Depression Era, the events of the story--racial discrimination and miscarriage of justice were major themes during the Civil Rights struggles of the 1950s-60s and 70s.  Scout also speaks for the growing independence of young women and of older women during the same eras.  The novel has much to say about social class, gender and race that is still vital today, reminding us that social justice must be safeguarded and fought for in every generation.Nevertheless, the author is very even handed in balancing accounts of social and racial unrest with accounts of how a child experiences growing up in a time honored calendar of glorious summers and difficult school days.  Southern traditions are explored and treasured and, at the same time, it is made clear that middle and upper class gentility was not universal and that it existed along with poverty and brutality and ignorance.  Scout sees gentle folk as being people who do the best with what they have to be good family members and good citizens of their community.  She also becomes aware of drunkenness, neglect, family tyranny, incest and rape and racism as deep currents with which she will have to contend as she matures.To Kill a Mockingbird remains a work of undiminished vitality and importance.  It still holds one's attention!"
"I wanted to read this book before reading Go Set a Watchman, to get a little background of the characters.  I have a vague recollection of seeing the movie many years ago.  I can see why it had won so many awards, including the Pulitzer prize.  Amazing story for it's time.  Makes me want to read more of the classics."
"The book is very similar to the original publication, slow and somewhat deliberate.  It is still a good read."
"I was inspsired to re-read this after reading ""Go Set a Watchman"".  It was even better than I remembered.  I had forgotten that the ""courtroom drama"" made so famous by the movie was a smaller part of the book.  This story is timeless."
Read in high school so it was a re-read and I had a better understanding.
Excellent and thought provoking.
Feel bad that i wasn't assigned this read in High School.  I throughly enjoyed it.
I love to read this book... It just feels like the words just fall into place. Like they're just as easy as breathing
"A little slow, but a classic!"
This was one of the book I had on my bucket list. I regard it as one of the better American novels.
This is an excellent story!!  I think it should be required reading in junior high/middle school.
Great back then and still is today!
At last on Kindle. Just as fantastic as I remember it many years ago!
Stands the test of time.  Such wisdom that still applies today.  Everyone should read this book or in my case re-read as an adult.
I love this book. I laughed and got teary eyed. I think this book is a must read for everyone.
Very good.
This book's reputation as a classic is well deserved.
GOOD BOOK !!!!!!!
"Had never read the book, but saw the movie many years ago.  Wonderful story and so well written."
My favorite  book
A wonderful book for adults and children
no review; preparing for the watchman.
"During my adult life I wanted to reach a point where I could read all I wanted. I am pleased to report that, at age 84, I have arrived. The experience of reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" made the wait worthwhile."
Loved it.
A wonderful classic that I read again after many years. Wonderful characters...excellent story!!
Kill a mocking bird is a classic that should be read by anyone who loves books.
"Amazing American Classic. I've read this book four times now (over the course of twenty years) and I appreciate it more every time. The impact that Harper Lee is able to deliver regarding race relations, equality, southern society of the time, and understanding others with her first person narrative from the point of view of a young girl is fantastic. And Atticus Finch is my all-time favorite fictional father. Great book. Great."
Didn't like it.
I am so glad that this book is part of our children's curriculum. It has great messages.
Great book.
Great book. Was disappointed at how abruptly it ended. Seemed like there should be more.
"Great story for it's time. Enjoy the childhood pranks. Good to read then follow up with ""Go Set A Watchman"""
"Read this in high school (25 yrs ago 😁), as many of us did, and recalled I enjoyed it. Just read it again with my book club group (didn't remember it hardly at all) and can say I love this book. I think now that I'm older I can relate to more characters and understand more depth of this classic. Awesome book!!!!!"
"Classic, read it."
As soon as I started reading this book I thought immediately I had read it before. In fact I think I must have started it and found the first bit a bit boring. However I completed it this time and it get better the further you get into the book. On balance a very interesting and pleasant read.
It is a classic
"This book is, of course, a classic and deserves to be. The characters are people you feel you would like to know. The story line is moving, thought-provoking, and memorable. A worthwhile read!"
powerful
"Great descriptions of the life the children led. Their father, the Senator, let them play freely but they learned about life the way it really was."
An American 20th century classic that is deserving of all its acclaim.
"It's an old story and well worth reading and even rereading.  Well written.  Should be a ""must"" for all teenagers to read.Prejudice is oft times passed on from one generation to the next without reason.  None too soon to learn a valuable lesson."
Excellent
Still phenomenal reading the second time..first time was in high school..50 years ago !! Life in a small southern town comes vividly alive in this novel.
Very good historic count of the South during the 1940/50's
"Really enjoyed ""re-reading"" this classic novel"
Great classic.  Belongs in everyone's library!
"I'm sure I read this as a teenager but I got so much more out of it this time, through the lens of maturity. There is a reason this is a famous but book.  I was totally absorbed and enjoyed every minute."
Beautifully written book with valuable lessons to learn.  It's even better than the first time I read it.
My favorite book (and movie) of all time. I decided to revisit it after reading Go Set A Watchman. It is an incredible piece of literature that everyone should read at least once in their lifetime.
Just an all-time great book. Gripping and sad and inspirational. It's just amazing.
It was like meeting up with a long lost friend....a wonderful read
"I have seen the movie, but never read the book. Very glad I have now."
I'm reading the whole series and really enjoying it.
A true classic! Now to read the sequel!
"Saw the movie many times, but never read the book, until Harper Lee's sequel was published.  This is a wonderful book....so well written.  Is still so very relevant.  Hopefully is required reading for all students."
"Of course this is a classic book. Loved the story but a bit disappointed in the size of the book, a bit small."
"A classic of course, but it makes you think if some things actually has changed since then."
Great southern classic.
True classic.
Love this book!
Loved reading this again!
"My favorite type of book, fiction with accurate historic detail."
great!
"I have never seen the movie version of this book. Reading it was on my bucket list. So now I have. Good character development! Harper Lee draws very clear pictures with her creative and yet realistic phrases. According to today's literature, I had expected more action or a more consuming climax. But that wasn't the point of the story and wouldn't have fit in with the characters, the setting, nor the time. Therefore, I give the book 5 stars with its classic list of lessons and wonderful imagery."
Fantastic read!!
"I read this as a teenager in high school back in the 60's. It was a pleasure to read it again 50 years later. Since I grew up during tough race relations, it was interesting to review how things were back in the South."
It's a must read for every generation.  It has a classic feel and taste. It's worth the read. Now I'm ready for her new release!
"This is a classic and so poignant for our current wrestling with issues of race in America.  I read this book again to get myself ready for ""Watchman"" and it did the trick.  Harper Lee was such a gifted writer.  It is such a shame that she only wrote this one book for publishing.  I'll review ""Watchman"" on that book's page."
Amazing teaches so many lesson I had to read it for English and I are it up I finished it before they were on chapter 10 I liked the twist at the end now we just need to find her book that comes after it
Loved Gregory Peck in the lead when they made this into a movie too.
Loved it again. The story took me back to a simpler time with relevant issues even today. If you haven't read it you should..
"I don't remember reading this as a kid, but it's a great read, although it can be disturbing at times, it's important to remember the era in which it was written"
I had read this book years ago but rereading it made me appreciate it more.  It was very insightful and thought provoking.  Characters were well developed.  Now I want to see the movie.
Love it
"Excellent, classic literature -- the characters, the drama, the colloquialism."
Great book!
Fabulous book!
I loved the movie and I love the book even more.  This is a must-read!
"Amazing, kept me interested the whole way through! Great characters and interesting writing style."
Everyone should read this book.
"This gem is a good example of what it means ""to write well"".  The story carries you not just because of the plot, the defense of a black man by a white lawyer in a white southern racist Alabama city, but because Harper Lee is able to make you feel part of the characters, landscape and action. As you read, you become part of Scout, the seven year old that lives with her older, by a couple of years, brother Jem, her widowed father Atticus and the cook Calpurnia who is also a caretaker/housekeeper/nanny.  The book makes you become more aware of the humanity in all of us, not matter color or ethnicity."
"I came in expecting a good novel considering how pretty much all high school students have to read this... I was not disappointed by the experience but I was also not at all impressed. Frankly the hype is a little over the top: the story goes this way and that without much of an organized plot, the story itself is ridiculous and unrealistic (the girl stays 8 years old for what should be at least 5 years for instance), and thematically, the points the author is trying to make are overdone and so overstated that nothing is left to the imagination. Nevertheless because of the acclaim perhaps the reader should still read the book."
"Poorly developed story line, flimsy characters and a rambling style.  Did not like it at all but, if it had been well written it may have held it's own as a sequel to TKM.  As it is, NOT!"
Perfect piece of american literature gibes you great insight on The moment in history
First time reading of this book.  Not sure why it took so long.  Reminded me of the places where my grandparents lived in western Kentucky.
"Maybe I should have read this 50 years ago, but I don't think I would have understood it as well.It was worth the wait I thoroughly enjoyed the book."
Superlative book. And Sissy Spacek narrates the audible book form with great Southern charm.
"As I watched the movie a few times, I finally read the book. A wonderful experience in spite of a long gone political landscape. Heartwarming."
Better the second time!!!
"I've read a lot of reviews about how this book changed peoples lives.  I am 44 and read this for the first time, it did not change my life.  I am glad I read it, but its not on my list of favorites or a book I ever have the desire to read again.  I was speaking with a friend who said this book had a huge impact on her when she read it in her teens and it infuriated her.  I've read other books that covered the same subject better, maybe I just better understand the injustice of racism because I've aged and seen it in action.  I'm not really sure why but I thought the plot was slow and simple, it is told from a grown up perspective but as she witnessed it as a child. I just felt the story could have been developed more.  I think when I have high expectations of something like books, movies or even a vacation and it doesn't meet those expectations the disappointment is higher."
I re-read this book after purchasing the Watchman book.  I loved both of them.  Recommend to all.  This book is imparticularly important to read before the watchman book.  Most of us read to Kill a Mocking Bird while still in school  I re-read because its been so long.  It all blends together for fantastic reading.Going to read them both over again in a couple of months just to make sure I got everything I could out of them.  Great reading for all ages.
Great book.
I totally enjoyed the book.
Just reread it for the first time since middle school and am sorry I waited so long. I loved every minute of it.
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  The description of 1930s life in the South is beyond amazing.  And the moral subplots are really the backbone o f this classic .
I enjoyed this book. It was a book i have been meaning to read for a long time. It is very thought provoking.
a classic!
"This is such a deceptively simple story, but I learn more with every reading. It is actually complex and can be understood on various levels - always enlightening.  I believe the author purposely chose the voice of a child to reveal very complex issues.Having now read her earlier book, this reading was even better.Great writer!"
"Read it in school, but forgot how amazing it is to read."
"A classic, everyone of all ages need to read this book, over and over."
"Harper Lee's acclaimed novel, To Kill A Mockingbird has long been considered one of the top books in American literature. I still remember reading the novel during my freshmen year of high school. While some of the themes may have gone over my head, I was immediately attracted to the style of Lee's writing and have always held the book in high regard. The famously reclusive author was recently thrust back into the spotlight when it was announced that her long lost manuscript, Go Set A Watchman, would be published. There continues to be quite a bit of confusion and controversy surrounding the discovery and release of this fifty-year-old story, but I knew that I would be reading it. With this new work, I decided to revisit To Kill A Mockingbird as well.Immediately, Lee's prose transports readers to a simpler time. Through her juvenile protagonist, Scout, Lee documents a coming of age story that dares to tackle racism, ignorance, and justice. Mockingbird is set in Maycomb, Alabama, a picturesque little town, during the 1930's. Scout spends her summer days playing with her older brother Jem and their friend Dill. The trio has a particular interest in their mysteriously reclusive neighbor Boo Radley. Maycomb lore tells cautionary tales against disturbing Boo, but Scout and her gang are determined to sneak up to his house and catch a glimpse of him.Amongst the vignettes of Scout's childhood games and experiences emerges a larger narrative thread that involves her father Atticus. Atticus Finch stands as a shining literary example of what a father is and should aspire to be. His wife died during childbirth, so he has taken to raising his children on his own. As a father and the local town lawyer, Atticus becomes the moral compass for his family and the local justice system. When Tom Robinson, an African-American man, is accused of raping a local woman, Atticus volunteers to defend him. A riveting trial ensues, and Scout begins to witness the ways in which her family and town react to the racially charged proceedings.It is almost impossible to write an objective review of this classic. Harper Lee and To Kill A Mockingbird were placed upon a literary pedestal long before I cracked the spine of this novel. But there is something to be said for the profound effect that this story has on those who read it. Through a lyrically southern voice that instantly captivates your imagination, Lee provides an idyllic tale of innocence that is both nostalgic and equally timely. She writes of the values and integrity and we all aspire to achieve. Justice, understanding, acceptance, faith, perseverance, all are explored through the plainspoken words of a child. Whatever your opinion of the recently released manuscript, the simplicity and beauty of this original novel makes for a deeply moving experience and a quintessential work of American literature."
Great book
Every one should read this novel several times to fully  appreciate how good it is.
Excellent
Hadn't read since I was in school.  I really enjoyed reading this time around.
A very good read
Very good book both the first and second books.
"You want me to rate a celebrated classic?  Really!  Audacious, but here goes:  I read Mockingbird in 8th or 9th grade, and found it a sad and depressing book  In retrospect, it mirrored many of my own adolescent insecurities.  No wonder I didn't like it!  Reading it again, 40 years later and from a adult perspective was a very different experience.  I was struck and awed by Scout's naivete and innocence, and her shock at the realities of the adult world especially relating to racial issues. If we could all adopt her openness and acceptance, her innate respect for all people, this world would be a marvelously different place!  Her father's wisdom and basic decency is a wonder to behold in this time of personal agendas and helicopters parents.  Others that people this book are a fascinating study of human character - the good, the confused, the hurt, the wicked - and insights into how some of them became what they are abound.  The historical perspective shines a glaring light on an ugly time of racial inequity in our country.  We've come a long way and yet still have a long way to go.Would I recommend Mockingbird? Absolutely!  A powerful book.  An engaging story that's hard to put down.  Meaningful insights.  Hopeful and  uplifting."
"Haven't read it since I was a kid ... interesting to read it as an adult, completely new perspective. Especially in light of the Watchmen release. Really understand that it's written from the perspective of a 7 year old girl ... and what girl doesn't think her daddy is all knowing and all powerful, and always on the side of right."
"It is a wonderful book.  I read it as a teenager in the '70s.  On holiday in Bali last month I read it again at age 56.  Mankind being what we are, so truly seen through the eyes of a darling/gutsy young girl"
A must-read.
"In preparation for Go Set a Watchman, I re-read this masterpiece.  It was lovely.  It is a work of genius.  It is tight, complex and memorable.  The characters are full, real, and all lovable in their own way.  The plot cleverly follows the thoughts of a little girl, putting the race relations more in the background, making the social commentary less pedantic, more persuasive.  I cannot emphasize enough how much I enjoy this book every time I pick it up."
"I'll always love her style of writing.  I loved it in high school, I loved it this time around!"
Brilliant value product
"To Kill A Mockingbird is one of those rare books that can be read over and over again, without ever tiring the reader.  The flow is smooth, the delivery is flawless, yet with its needed surprises here and there that are perfectly timed.  And the message, of course, is an excellent one that even today, we still need to hear."
Excellent!
A classic.... there are no other words for it.
"Read this year's ago, enjoyed it just as much if not more this time!!!"
A classic.  As good a read at forty as it is at fourteen.
"What a timeless story, full of powerful messages! Love it!!!"
Great！
This is a great read.....hard to believe I hadn't read before now!!
"Great ""re-read"" of a classic!  Preparation for ""Go Set A Watchman"""
One of my all time favorite novels. It doesn't get much better than this.
Love the book and the movie.  Family favorite. A good book that can be read over and over again.  Food for thought.
Great book highly recommend thank you
It's a classic...I love having the 50th Anniversary Edition!
"I think contrary to America's librarians about the book. It's over-rated.  An adult tries to write about her life when she was a child, but fails to pull it off.  It's opaque, contrived and unrealistic. Atticus is the perfect gentleman, a perfect single father.  Too perfect. Civil rights theme is contemporary to when Harper Lee wrote it, more than when it happened. Good book, funny at times, but not a great American novel, in my opinion."
"Superbly written, timeless novel. There's so much subtlety in this novel, so much wisdom gently transferred to the reader - it should be required reading not just for English classes of school-age young people, but for all Americans."
How have I never read this book before? This book was so amazing! I loved everything about this book. The characters were really relatable and I couldn't help loving all of them especially Atticus. There are so many lessons to be learned from this book and it's one of those books that everyone should read at least once in their life.
"One of the many American classic novels I hadn't read (let alone seen the film)!  Glad in my retirement, that I am able to catch up via such brilliant ""fiction""  a personal evocation of a ""white"" history of human colonial plunder, and the on-going psychological  (as a generic term) complexities of such aggrandisement."
"Love and hate are the  elements that tie the south and racism together with Church goers...family, gossip and anger ...children getting at the truth..smarter than adults. The father we all want"
I enjoyed this book as an adult more than I did as a young reader.  But definitely worth it before reading the new book written by Harper Lee.
So many people I know studied this at school.  I never did...but I always thought it was dry and boring like most books are that we are forced to study at school.  This is not the case.  It is easy to read with great characterisation and presentation of ideas.  I enjoyed the characters and the ideas it presents.  I only wish I had read this many years earlier.
No doubt one of the best books ever written.  Harper Lee's ability to highlight issues of racism as seen through the eyes of an 8/9'year old are astounding.  Juxtaposing issues that normally surround growing up with these same issues on a bigger  scale make this a must read for everybody.
"After reading “To Kill a Mockingbird” for the third time, I discovered that Harper Lee’s Pulitzer Prize-winning classic never ages. Lee’s presentation of a 1936, Maycomb, Alabama is just as vivid and alive as ever. The spry, spirited voice of Scout Finch still clearly dictates the world around her: her upstanding single-father, Atticus, whom she calls by his first name; the stern but loving hand of Calpurnia, the housekeeper who helps to raise her; and the adventures she shares with her older, adolescent brother, Jem, as they try to steal a glimpse at the infamous and reclusive Boo Radley, all convince us that Lee’s vision maintains its freshness and relevance even five decades later.At the center of the novel is Scout’s father, Atticus Finch. He is a middle aged, widowed man left juggling between two vivacious children, and his career as a defense lawyer in the remnants of an old, racist south hell bent on long deceased ways. It is a time and place where blacks are considered second-class citizens. But Atticus is the upholder, holding himself to a higher standard that aspires to prevail in the midst of ignorance and societal misunderstanding. All of Maycomb’s eyes remain fixed on Atticus; he is a pillar of the community around him, having ascended to a prominent position within a split society that looks up to him and despises him simultaneously. He is not a twenty-four hour father, but he makes time for his children whether it’s a walk home after the work day, or just reading together in his study. An early admonition to his daughter remains in her young mind, unforgotten...“It’s okay to kill a blue-jay, but it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird...”The characters that represent early twentieth-century Maycomb County depict a time era in American history best explained by its inhabitants—the Ewells, the Cunninghams, and the mysterious Radley’s next door. It is a time when children can remain truant, when ignorance is bliss, and when white is still separated from black like oil and water. The world of Scout and Jem is filled with Calpunia’s down-home cooking, playful reenactments on the porch, and listening to stories told by their neighbor, Miss Maudie. The largest element that absorbs their young lives is their continual quest to lay eyes on Boo Radley, that is, if he’s still alive in that creepy old house. Their childhood is usual and often mundane, until something interrupts the flow of things, and Scout’s schoolmates begin to insult Atticus for a reason that she has yet to understand.She knows that what they call her father is a slur, but she doesn’t comprehend its meaning. It is a hateful moniker used to describe whites who sympathize with blacks, and Atticus must explain to her why he’s being verbally attacked. He’s representing a black man accused of raping a white woman. Atticus knows that his client is innocent, but a jury of twelve white men will most likely disagree. Many of Maycomb’s inhabitants resent Atticus for his decision to defend the underdog, and his children become subjected to the tensions.Harper Lee’s use of symbolism and ambiguity is brilliant. In a scene where a rabid dog is loose out on the street, Atticus, who was once said to be a sure-shot, must gun down the animal before it attacks. He shoots the animal dead, but in the process, drops his glasses and breaks them. The scene is clearly foreshadowing what’s to come, representing Atticus’ broken vision of the world around him when he decides to confront the rabid dog of hate and racism. The optimistic view through which he sees the world becomes shattered.Outside of Calpurnia, Miss Maudie, and a few neighbors, Scout’s life is devoid of female presences. That changes when Aunt Alexandra, Atticus’ sister, comes to live with them. She is prim, proper, and ladylike; everything that the tomboy, Scout, has not flourished into, much to Aunt Alexandra’s dismay. Alexandra is somewhat contradictory of her brother, yet she soon comes to her own silent epiphany.Scout and Jem’s adventures are comic, and at times, questionable for their ages, yet they keep us entertained and distracted from the story’s erupting social calamity. After failing to catch sight of Boo Radley, they discover quite a few odd treasures stashed in the Radley’s tree. There are two figurines carved in soap, as well as priceless coins. Who could be leaving them? Were they meant for them? It is all part of the mystery that Lee will unfold for us in the end. But one of Scout and Jem’s adventures unveil a life lesson that they’ll never forget.As Atticus represents an innocent man in court, he is unaware that his children are in the courtroom, watching every moment. They are there when the verdict is read, a devastation they will never forget. The trial ends, leaving more tragedy in its wake along with an unspoken bitterness that festers with time. Atticus had been threatened over the case, and those who now hold a grudge are not about to let him forget their anger. They soon go after his children in a tense and heart-pounding scene that ends with a rescue from a stranger.But through it all, Scout has noticed something. Atticus’ memory is foggy, fading, another symbolic stroke by Lee. After the children are rescued, we are introduced to the tall, quiet, bald man standing against the wall. It’s a shocker well-worthy of a classic. In the final pages, Lee’s literary genius is made clear not only through the turn of events, but through Atticus’ final, obstinate determination of the truth, a truth of which he cannot see.Harper Lee’s classic remains a timeless best-seller for a reason; it is a story that will never die."
"I really enjoyed reading To Kill a Mockingbird, especially now that I am an adult and can appreciate it more. I really love the Atticus character and think the tell through the eyes of Scout to be a great avenue to explain a difficult and sometimes controversial subject. I highly recommend this for everyone."
"From my point of view in the 21st century it was just an other story about the mistreatment of the black people of the the US, but I suppose at the time of writing it was something again"
"Not nearly as exciting as I like my stories, but it was well written and a pleasant read.  I'm glad I read it."
Even better than I remembered - a true classic
My children needed this book for English class. They really enjoyed the book.
it was good but I don't understand what all the hype is about
"I find it difficult to be one of those books you can pick up for a few minutes and read without looking back a few pages to orient me. I did read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" just before this book to get into the frame of mind. Didn't help much."
"After reading Go Set A Watchman, I felt compelled to go back and re-read Mockingbird.  It was much more savory than I even remember.  Having seen the movie a number of times over the years, this journey was a great reminder that the book is always better.  The trial of Tom Robinson is only part of the book, where as it's most of the movie.  Atticus Finch is surely a hero to his children and subsequently most of America, but the quest to see Boo Radley, keep out of Aunt Alexandria's way, understand Jem, and for that matter all the adults, are all subjects just as interesting."
I loved it. I should have read it many years ago!
...and it very much clarified my fears from when I was 9 years old and was allowed to go to the theater by myself to watch the movie. I obviously was way too young to understand the movie.What a wonderful southern living story from way back.
"I must confess that for some inexplicable reason I had never read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" in my youth.  As a history teacher, I knew it was about a white lawyer defending a falsely accused black man in the Deep South, but I did not know the details or outcome.  So, amidst all the hoopla over the ""discovery"" of ""Go Set a Watchman,"" I decided to read this venerable novel.As someone who grew up in the South in the 1950s and 60s, I found it to be an accurate description of race relations.Lee Harper kept my attention throughout the book.  Recognizing that I am on shaky ground criticizing one of America's greatest authoresses, I do feel that Atticus Finch was portrayed completely out of character in the final chapter.  I also felt that the finally chapter was a bit clumsily written as if in a hurry to come to closure on the novel.I wish I had read this novel in my youth."
Best book I have read and read and will read again
NICE TO REREAD AN OLD CLASSIC
"You get a feeling of really knowing the characters in this book.It's a book mostly about humanity: it's characters are all incredibly human and the authors breaks down everything that is horrible in our word as direct consequences of our humanity (either our fears, need to be accepted or desire to be better)."
"good book, in some parts a little slow"
Excellent
This is a great great read and I've always heard that this was a good read by my oldestson whom also loved to read. Thank You !!!!!!!
A classic I hadn't read yet.
I thought it was a wonderful story and told delightfully through the eyes of Scout.It had warmth and poignancy.  And it had some really thought provoking messages.A true classic that won't date.
Book was good
For the era that this was written I am glad I read the book.
The book will be read completely when it comes closer to time for the class assignments. The movie will probably be watched after the reading.
"It's been a long, long time since I've read this book or watched the movie, but I volunteered as a member of Toastmasters International to read aloud from the book for one chaptwer at a Barnes & Noble store as part of a promotion they were having to promote ""Go Set theWatchman.""  Of course, I then had to read the rest of the book as it is so well written with surprises throughout. Now that I've read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" , perhaps again, I don't need to read ""Go Set a Watchman."" And, don't want to."
Good book
This was a great novel involving a non traditional family in the dirty south. Great descriptions of the court and the attitudes of all parties involved.
A classic. A must read for everyone.
"A fabulous read. Although many of us read it in high school English (back in the day), it definitely is just as good the second time!"
We read it for book club and we all enjoyed it!
What can you say.  It's a classic.
An old favorite but good to reread!
"I am glad I read this book, a classic, but if it were written today I believe it would not be held as a wonderful piece of literature."
"With all the good reviews I had read about this book, I had a hard time getting started, and was just about to put it down, then I thought it might just be me, so I kept on going, it did get better, but I haven't finished it yet."
A classic.  Had seen the movie several times but not read it before.
Deserves a Pulitzer Prize
"So much harder to rate classics: I don’t know if its reputation made me bump it up or down.Definitely a worthy read though.The narration is assured and consistent throughout. The voice shows the influence of Twain: it’s not played nearly as much for laughs, but the dry humour is there (interesting that Twain is definitive America, but his understated turns of phrase seems the opposite of what people (generally negatively) class as American, as opposed to British, humour. But there are so many exceptions – Rich Hall, Joseph Heller – and Little Britain, Carry on etc). Lee also uses, but doesn’t overuse, the child’s perspective to comment on social mores, effectively damning those who condescend to Scout. Atticus is an out and out hero, but (again, despite the huge icon this book is in the States) he wouldn’t get a lead in most American TV shows or movies today: he avoids violence, and he (spoiler – although, really, can you do spoilers for a book this well known? Of course you can: if you haven’t read it, skip this paragraph) loses his defining court case. This is a parable about integrity, but hardly abstract: given its 1960s American target audience, it’s hugely specific on what counts as moral and immoral behaviour regarding race.Lots of things mean it couldn’t be written today. Not just dated protocols, but the vilification of the welfare class characters, and the assumption that the alleged rape victim is lying, while the hero grills her in the witness box. In his belief in ideals, and even in the basic goodness of people who can, at times, act appallingly, Atticus also runs contrary to our more conflicted contemporary heroes. Although the characterisation of church people as smug and hypocritical is an evergreen.It’s interesting how large a place the Boo Radly subplot is given. Several things are clearly important to Lee, and one of them is the toleration of difference (except if you’re trailer park different?).Apparently she’s a fan, and there is something of C.S. Lewis in her world view. Integrity comes first, and it’s mainly a fight you need to win over yourself. Part of that is not merely dismissing people even if they dismiss you: a vital part of Atticus’ heroism, and a lesson he deliberately teaches his children (and by extension, the readers), is more to admire in others than you may initially see, or even that they might initially see. A key scene is where Scout, as a child, guilessly reminds one man in a dumb lynch mob of his humanity, which turns out to be far more effective than a hail of bullets. Some social justice advocates have rightly pointed out the danger of this attitude – that reducing everything to a personal journey may divert you from clearly demanded physical action. But Atticus is also highlighted as a deliberate force for social change: even though he was pretty convinced he couldn’t win the court case, he still felt he had to stand up and make the case, and that this was an important step towards a better day. Who knows what the social effect of the book was, but I suspect it was significantly persuasive."
And it never gets old. This is truly my favorite book. Harper Lee was a genius in writing such an amazing story. This is a must read and one that will live in your heart for a loooong time.
New. Arrived early.
"This book has been on my book list for a long time. I've seen it be a part of the many must-read book lists time and again, and I wanted to be a part of the people who have read this classic. My friend had this book since high school long time ago and gave it to me, highly recommending it. I read more than half of it, really trying to get into it, but at last I had to set it down and accept that I really did not connect with any of the characters in this book at all. I would be reading it, hoping that soon there will be that twist, but even when I got to it, the story kept being slow. To me, this book was drawn out, dry, and a waste of my time. I would not recommend it to anyone."
"I enjoyed the story line. people have not changed very much, just the place and time. I am pleased to have the opportunity to finally read this renowned book."
"I haven't read this since high school and I decided to reread it before Go Set A Watchman. And boy am I glad I did. Such an entertaining, yet powerful book. If you're wanting to revisit a classic, this is the one."
Replacement copy
one of the best novels in the world
Classic !
A story that needed to be told.
Loved reading this classic again. It didn't lose it's charm after having read it years ago.
It deserved the Pulitzer Prize. Magnificent book - beautiful writing - character development beyond imagination.
excellent
Very good
"I thought this was wonderful............. had previously read ""Go Set a Watchman""  When Atticus would speak in the book I could just hear Gregory Peck saying the words.  People growing up in small towns or communities should all read this book  I wanted to read the book, not have someone read it to me.  I did hear Sissy S. at the beginning.  But not the others.  I could hardly put the book down.  Thanks Harper Lee!!!!!."
"Excellent book, a must read"
great classic
A great story I have not finished it yet but I love it. Now I know why it's considers a classic
"I read this in 1988 and don't remember anything about it, so I decided to read it again in 2015. It is told from the perspective of a child (6-8 years old) during her daily adventures (e.g. going to school, getting in trouble, playing with friends, etc.). The book is supposed to be about Atticus being a lawyer and defending a black man, but I am halfway through and there is barely any mention of this so far. I'm having a lot of trouble staying focused, and I'm quickly losing motivation to keep reading."
"My reread of ""to Kill A Mockingbird"" was more enjoyable and insightful than the first read many years ago. The ideas that were exposed by the author are still alive, often in the darkness,  with new guises behind new Oak trees."
Still a great read after so many decades and it was great to read with an adult's perspective after having first read at school. Well worth a read
"A wonderful description of life in the south ,living in a small town, seen from a child's perspective. It's a shame Harper Lee waited so long to publish another novel."
Excellent now and excellent 40+ years ago when I read it the first time.
Loved re-reading this as an adult! Loved the characters and the raw honesty they all portrayed! Should be required reading for everyone!
Good read
"A wonderful story, beautifully told.  It had been years since I first read it and the second time around did not disappoint!"
One of my favorites!
Wanted to re-read this Classic before getting the sequel.  So glad that I did.
Very good.
"This was my second reading of this Harper Lee classic.  Last time was nearly 50 years ago.  I was prompted to re-read it by the reading of her ""new"" novel, ""Go Set a Watchman"".  I have seen the movie many times, and I was delighted by how closely the movie follows the book.  I might even have to say that it is one of the rare instances where the movie is just as good as (better than?) the book!  I love them both!"
Poorly written
This book is a classic for a reason.  Great use of humour and a great picture of life in the South.
My all time favorite book -- ever !!
This is the second time U read this book-the first time was many years ago when I was in high school.  It is a classic. Read and you won't be disappointed.
beautiful book. It's a classic for a reason.
"Great book, so many people tell me they had to read this in school. I tell them I've never had to read this book."
Great book. Really enjoyed reading it again after many years
Classic... Love it.
This is one of my favorite books.
Thought-provoking book
"This was my second time to read this  book. After reading Go Set A Watchman, I  wanted to read To Kill A Mocking Bird again. I realized as I was reading this book again, I had forgotten a lot of the things that happened. I am glad I read and enjoyed it again."
Enjoyable read.
"I wanted to read her new book, but felt I needed to read this one again since I hadn't read it for 40 years.  It was just as terrific as I remembered; however, this time I so appreciated the new connections I could make."
"I don't remember reading this in past years. Glad I finally did.  I look forward to reading the newest one released that takes place in the years after. This is a classic book, I enjoyed the language, the style, the story that was painted."
"At 63 years old, this has loooong been one of my favorite movies (Wizard of Oz being the other). In all those years though, I have never read the book until recently. I didn't know what I was missing. It is now one of my favorite books. Having seen the movie so many times, reading the book made me feel like I was part of the story, experiencing the whole adventure."
"Didn't finish reading this at college and only remember bits of the movie, so it was good to fill in the spaces"
"This book is still a fascinating, timely book based on real events in the South in the late 1930's.  I read her new book first, Go Set a Watchman, where many of the characters are present 20 years later. Both are real treasures and worth reading."
"I have read and reread this story at least 15 times and I always pick up on something new. I would bet that in six months, I will read it again.Well worth the money and time to read and read again.Very pleased even though there is a rather hateful racial event in the book, it is well worth the read.Yes, it was written many years ago and is much better than the movie, I highly recommend ""To Kill A Mockingbird""..."
"A very readable book looking at sheer racism versus a liberal but paternalistic approach in the deep south. All from the point of view of a nine year old girl. As a father figure  to this girl, Atticus Finch becomes a shining hero, virtually free of warts. He seems to not suffer from the paternalistic attitudes of his peers. Perhaps that's just how his daughter, ""Scout"", perceived him and the real man would be more complex. She and, presumably, he had no problem with negroes giving up their seats at the trial to white children - just what one had come to expect. There are complex ideas half hidden in a story that is almost a lecture in the faults of racism in the southern states of America in the first half of the last century and seems to have been used as such in US schools. There is a sense of alienation versus a need to belong to ""our sort of people"". Written at a time when segregation was an accepted norm, this book will entertain you with its charming story and set you thinking about the nature of society."
"Even better than what I remember from when I read it in H.S. After reading Go Set A Watchman, I'm so very glad that Harper Lee's editor went for a rewrite!"
Great book
As good of a read the fifth time as the first time!!!!
Hadn't read this book since high school.  Re-visited it after reading Harper Lee's newly discovered book and realized I should have paid closer attention in my high school English class!!  A wonderful read and touching story that remains relevant today.
"I loved the way Harper Lee could pull me into that setting in the south in Maycomb county, into the lives of Atticus, Jem and Scout. I could see clearly their character, placing them easily into a racially divided southern pre-civil rights era town. I could see the neighbors and friends with their little quirks and peculiarities, and their influence on Jem and Scout. I could feel the tension rising in the courtroom scene with Atticus defending a black man accused of rape, and feel the disappointment and heartache for his family and people upon the jury's verdict. I look forward to reading the sequel, Go Set a Watchman to follow their lives and story of a new era of Maycomb county, and know it will be just as good, or better."
"Wasn't that excited, liked the movie better."
Excellent
I read the book again after 50 years and enjoyed it as much now as I did then.
Good
"I was amazed at how quickly I was wrapped up in and sucked into mid 20th century Alabama. It's love, bigotry and amazing culture."
"This is a classic. I re-read it having just read Go Set A Watchman. The two books, together, tell one of those stories that you go back to in your mind."
Met all expectations
HAVE READ IT MANY TIMES. LOVE THE BOOK AND THE MOVIE.
"It's To Kill A Mockingbird - what more can be said after 50 years. If you haven't read it, put it at the top of your list with Gone With The Wind. Both are Pulitzer winning novels by southern female writers."
Good book
Great item!
"A very old and classic story, but worth reading over and over. However, I must admit that this is the first time I have read it, even though it was required reading for most schools more than 60 years ago when I was still in school. It is a very touching story that has some deep meanings and messages of life and how we should treat our fellow man. I regret not reading it those many years ago. The morals of this story could have helped me learn to be a better person throughout my life. I highly recommend this book for the younger generation as well as the young at heart. I am adding it to my list of books that I read on a yearly basis."
A true classic that I had never read.  So glad I finally did.
Beautifully written ! Great character development. Enjoyed it so much more than in grade school.
A timeless classic!
It was just ok. Not sure what all the hype is about.
"Had to read this for high school and I enjoyed every single chapter of it, one of the best books I read."
"Good reread.  Haven't read this book in many, many years.  Good to reread as some details were forgotten.  Reread it!"
A CLASSIC IN EVERY WAY!
A classic!
Who am I to describe a classic? It's great and I have read it more than once.
"Good reading,  recommend it."
"This book really is a classic. It's interesting from start to finish. Yes, it's a feel-good story, a lesson in tolerance, and may even be a girl's book, but I liked it - a lot! I'm not a touchy-feely or artsy sort of guy. I've found that most ""classics"" are a fraud - The Great Gatsby comes to mind.I highly recommend it.After you've read Mockingbird, read Go Set a Watchman.If you know Miss Lee, tell her to get back to work!"
"I never read it in school like some people, I saw the movie on TV.  It was great to read the book and I truly enjoyed the writing.  Being raised in the South I especially enjoyed the memories it brought back from my childhood."
"Good prose, relatable characters, exciting plots, a page turner, and it won the Pulitzer Prize.  How can anyone give it anything less than five stars?  My book club read it so that we could compare it with Go Set A Watchman.  My opinion - same author."
I really enjoyed it.
I was never forced to read this at school so it was a great surprise to enjoy this book so much
Best book ever
great classic
Still one of my favorite books !
This edition of TKAM was a gift to a young friend who loves the book. She is fifteen and loves owning this elegant copy of her favorite book.
"Probably one of the greatest books I've ever read. Really brilliant. The language is amazing. Everyone should read this. And if you haven't read it since you were a teenager, you should really re-read it."
one of my favorite books of all time
"I read this story among people in my eleventh grade class who had no care in the world for it, but I found the magic and beauty in it. The story line of this novel is magnificent from the innocence of the children to find out who Boo Radley is to the darkness of him trying to save their lives. This book kept me on my toes the whole way through. As I came to the end I found myself reading at the fastest pace ever, my heart racing, and finally relief. It is suspenseful in every way and maybe if your afraid of the dark keep a light on. The diction of this story is amazing for someone of almost any age because of its simplicity and complex diction each time you read it again you learn something new."
Good condition
"Set in 1930's Alabama, the story follows the adventures two siblings get into in their rural town. The climax of the book is the trial held when a black man is accused of raping a young white girl - race tolerance, equality and being good to others despite feeling hatred is a central idea that persists throughout the story."
Funny at times but deeply meaningful at others. Shows the results of trying to maintain ones moral compass in a unjust world. Truly loved the book and got a lot out of it.
Did not keep me riveted. I never finished the  book
Great book when I read it the first time and now I can read it anytime I want.  Very well written and very good.
"One of the all time great book.  It is very interesting to read this book and ""Go Set A Watchman"" back to back."
Great read!
"I cannot believe I had to reach age 70 to finally read ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" I thoroughly enjoyed the book and laughed out loud at some of Scout's thoughts and expressions. She so reminds me of a dear friend who wanted to only wear Roy Rogers outfits when she was a young girl. Strong and independent, just like Scout. She was a liberated young girl before her time."
Classic!
awesome
"Enjoyed the story, did not see the film, so it was all new to me.  Worth the read!"
Great classic
Everyone should read this book.  Isn't it still required reading.?
Bought this as a gift and it was received with enthusiasm 😊
I enjoyed rereading it after many years.
Great classic.
"Such a fantastic book.  I never had it as assigned reading in school.  Just read it for the first time, and I really enjoyed it.  Seeing the world through a small girl's eyes, and feeling the pain of injustice from her perspective was so amazing.  A lot of people in our current climate would do well to read (or reread) this and see just how far we have come as a nation."
"Simply stated, one of the all time greatest books, suitable for reading by adults and children alike."
A tremendous book which became one of the best ever movies!
Great classic.
"My teenage son read this for a book report.  I read it as well, since it was not a required reading when I was in High School.  Surprisingly good!"
The story started slow.  Brought to light how hard times where in those days.  Was anybody happy?
"stays rich and true though out the years, beautiful and heart-breaking after all these years"
"Since first reading this over 40 years ago, I recently re read it.  Thoroughly enjoyed the story and characters again!  It is still relevant."
Harper Lee is so descriptive in her writing it makes it easy to immerse yourself within the story. Excellent book!
"Loved this book, having seen the film many years ago I was looking forward to reading it and wasn't dissapointed"
wonderful book. I now know why it is classic.
"I had read To Kill a Mockingbird as a teenager.  I am now 70!  The second read was better than the first.  At this stage in my life, I can appreciate the author's superb telling of a story with her great writing skill."
Read this years ago this one is for my daughter
Others have reviewed this wonderful novel far more eloquently than I could possibly hope. It deserves its place in the pantheon of literary classics.
"Like everyone else, I read this in school, and do not recall having strong feelings about it. This year I decided to re-read it, alongside Go Set a Watchman, for the sake of having an informed opinion about both. This is such a well-known book that there's no need for another review of it; what follows are some thoughts from this time around. There may be spoilers.What struck me right away is Lee's craft: her writing and storytelling (not the same thing) are both excellent. I have a habit of reading the openings of books when I first bring them home, and sometimes several more times before actually starting to read them, just to whet my appetite. I tried that with this book and didn't stop for more than 50 pages. The story is compelling, every scene comes vividly to life, and yet there's an impressive economy of language - at some point I realized I was moving through the book more slowly than expected, not because it's difficult to read (it isn't) but because every word is important. It is simply a pleasure to read.And yet, I did not fall in love with the characters the way many readers have. I am not generally a fan of stories told through the eyes of young children (even though Scout is recounting events from an adult vantage point, and I enjoyed her voice), and Scout, unsurprisingly for a 6- to 8-year-old, feels a little unformed, at the margins of the real story. At times it felt I was reading a father-son story from the wrong perspective. It was distancing.Whatever else this may be, it does not read like a YA book; novels written before that marketing category existed generally don't. Scout is too young for teen fiction, and the book isn't really about her. One never loses sight of the fact that the other characters in it all have lives that don't revolve around her; that is a sign of good writing, of course. The book does have a tendency to provide explicit moral lessons, generally through Atticus, but I took these scenes less as moralizing at the reader than as a portrayal of a harried single father looking for teachable moments in difficult situations. And the book doesn't make everything explicit: did I realize as a kid that Mayella was sexually abused by her father, that Tom Robinson definitely wasn't climbing a fence, that the sheriff's true concern for Boo isn't an excess of cakes?Of course, some of the book's biggest moral lessons have to do with race, and on that subject there are ways the book has aged very well and ways that it hasn't. Make no mistake: this book is all about white people. The central conflict is between educated, fair-minded white people, who are nonetheless paternalistic in their attitudes, and the rest of the white community, who, as Atticus observes, lose their heads over race. Black people are almost incidental to this conflict - the only semi-developed black character is the housekeeper, Calpurnia, and it's a white man, Atticus Finch, who's positioned as Tom Robinson's savior.With the publication of Go Set a Watchman, there has been talk about Atticus's (and Lee's) views on segregation. It is interesting that this book, published in 1960 and known as a seminal book about race in America, barely addresses what was the great moral and political issue of the day. It is also interesting that, in the early draft (that being Go Set a Watchman), she did - that early version was set in the 1950s, but by Mockingbird it had become historical fiction, taking place in the 30s. That could be viewed as a cop-out: it's always easier to be on the right side of history when you're writing about the past. And yet, the funny thing is that while the great issue of Harper Lee's day has been resolved - no more legally enforced segregation - the issues she reached back into the past to write about - inequality in the criminal justice system; black men being shot by white officials under suspicious circumstances - are still absolutely timely in 2015.Then too, readers would be mistaken to think that Lee could only see the most egregious forms of injustice; there are subtler observations, too. Scout notices, for instance, that white people driving back from the dump use black residents' yards to turn around in. And Calpurnia and her son work menial jobs despite their evident intelligence (she taught him to read using Blackstone's Commentaries on the Laws of England). When Lee does address segregation, it's in the context of white people crossing the color line, never the other way around - but it's evident where she stands. And in that context, I don't believe Atticus, as the moral center of the novel, is a segregationist in his final incarnation.I won't be reading about Atticus's earlier incarnations, though, because in reading this novel, I realized that Watchman is superfluous. We already have Lee's final product, the excellent novel that was the only book she ever meant to publish. I am satisfied to have enjoyed it as Harper Lee intended, and I'll leave it at that."
I'm not sure why the name To Kill a Mockingbird.I enjoyed the book looking forward to read her new book.
"Have seen the movie quite a few times, but the book is so much better! It is absolutely a must read classic!"
One of the greatest book written of all time.
"This book is, and will always be, a classic.  Wonderful read!"
A wonderful story brilliantly guided by a child's simple yet so rich point of view.
I haven't read it in 40 years but after rereading it this week I know why it was always one of my favorites.
Classic novel. Everyone over 16 should read it.
Atticus Finch remains the hero of American literature for me. Highly recommend.
"Re read it to compare to TO SET A WATCHMAN. Naturally, Harper Lee was a great author of first published book, and for some reason I think the prose in the second book was written by her. As I was raised in the south, born 75 years ago, the views expressed in the second book did not shock or surprise me as that is the way many southerners felt. I think that maybe she wrote the second book first and felt maybe she thought her approach with Atticus might stir up to many problems!"
😊
"The author's narration rings true,and speaks deeply to all of the stability, comfort, and guidance that can be provided by a strong father figure."
I read the book(again after 50 years) and then watched the movie on Amazon Prime Videos.  The book paints vivid images that a movie just can't match.  I grew up in a small rural Alabama town in the late 40's and early '50'.  Lee's description of scenes and language and personalities brought back memories of the old home.  The story is humorous yet teaches life lessons about integrity versus shallow pride.I highly recommend this book.
Enjoyed it again.  Great book!!
"Very moving, even if you've already seen the movie a few times.  Scout's voice is great.  Additional details about Jem trying to grow up, as well as scenes with Dill, enhanced it.  Hard not to see the actors in your head as you read, but they were perfect so that's fine."
Good entertaining book.
lovely/ outdated.
This is a classic. Even in today's world ethnics or negroes in the south are viewed as foreign to the culture of the area.
Enjoyed this masterpiece again!!!
My daughter seems to enjoy this book. She's been reading it for 9th grade language arts.
Very good story.
I'd forgotten how great a book this is!!!
"It's a classic for a reason. Somehow it was never assigned me in school This is unfortunate but I'm glad to have read it now. I enjoyed every page. The characters are full and the story has surprises and insights about history, people, time and racism. I can't wait to read the new prequel."
First read this book as a teenager as a compulsory school text and now reading it a second time nearly 30 years later I stiĺl enjoyed it.
One of the all time classics that rocks your emotions.
A lovely classical old-world story.  Really enjoyed it.
Very Good the second time around.
"I am 58 years old and I've been reading 55 of those years.  I've read novels and comic books.  I've read short stories, magazines, and the Bible.  I've read anything and everything that was too slow to outrun me.  But I'd never read""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  I knew it was a classic, but I think I put it off out of sheer contrariness.  As a child of the 60's and 70's, I'd seen the movie a dozen times before I was in double digits.  I couldn't imagine anything grander or wiser than Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch.  Young people can be so self-defeating.  Here I am, an old(ish) man, and I've just had one of the most amazing experiences of my life.  I finished TKaM 10 minutes ago, and my face is streaming with tears.  Anything I might try to say about it now, at this late date,would be immaterial and inevitably redundant.  So what I will say is this-don't dismiss the things that you know you should do; the things that you know could only be good for you, just to be stubborn.  You might be denying yourself the really GOOD stuff in life!"
"In the 1930's, Jean Louise Finch, also known as Scout, lived with her brother Jem and father Atticus in the sleepy little county of Macomb County, Alabama.  Scout and Jem spent the summer playing with their friend Dill, who spends time with Jem and Scout because things are unsettled at home.  They also spend much of their time trying to get a look at Boo Radley, a quiet man, who stays inside his house all the time.  The kids make up wild stories about Boo, and dare each other to knock on his door.Atticus is a lawyer and neither Scout nor Jem are too impressed with his job early on because he is unlike the regular folk in Macomb County.  As spring stretches into fall, Scout goes to school, she’s eight, in the third grade, and never afraid to talk back to a teacher, talk back to her maid Calpurnia, or fight a boy if they speak ill of Atticus.  Jem, who is 12, is more interested in playing games with Dill, but he also keeps a tight rein on Scout, and because he’s older, she begrudgingly listens to him.Things are far from idyllic in this Southern county, a black handyman named Tom Robinson is accused of raping a white girl named Mayella Ewell, Tom insists he’s innocent, and Atticus is the only one in Maycomb County who will defend Tom.  Two nights before the trial, a mob appears in Atticus’ yard, threatening both Atticus and Tom Robinson.  It’s Atticus himself who talks the angry mob down from their violent intentions.  Despite their tender years, Jem and watch the trial.  How does the trial go?  Does Atticus get Tom acquitted?  Or does the bigotry of the county foretell the verdict?I love this book.  There are so many interesting aspects to this book.  Because it is told from the point of view of the children, specifically Scout, it makes the racism more horrifying, because the kids can’t quite understand what all the anger is all about and why some of it is directed at Atticus.  Atticus is the moral conscience of the book, always giving his children lessons on how to treat people well, even some of the more despicable characters in the book, and living those beliefs.  When the kids wish that Atticus was more like the other fathers in the county, Lee introduces a chapter where Miss Maudie, Atticus’ neighbor tells the kids that Atticus is the finest shot in Macomb County, and then he proves it by shooting a rabid dog.  That gives the kids a respect of Atticus that they never had before.  Lee also introduces Tom Robinson in an ingenious way, though Calpurnia, and soon Jem and Scout are going to Calpurnia’s church regularly, and sat in the balcony with the Reverend Sykes and the rest of the black people in the courthouse as the trial begins.The maturing of Jem is another interesting aspect of the book, before the trial he is a happy go lucky kid, after the trial, he is a wholly different person, Scot doesn’t quite comprehend the change, but hopefully the reader can understand what has happened to Jem Finch.  Perhaps the most interesting character is Boo Radley, Boo is a symbol, a metaphor.  Jem and Scout don’t understand him, so they think he’s evil, just  like most white people in Maycomb county don’t know any blacks and therefore think the worst of them.  The last few chapters lull the reader into a false sense that the major events of the book are over and then, bam another surprise, and the book ends.It is ironic that I finished this book in the wake of the shootings of nine black parishioners in South Carolina by a white supremacist.  It’s hard to argue that we live in a post racial society in the wake of an event like this.  55 years after this book was written issues of race unfortunately still resonate in the U.S.  That is reason enough to read this book, or read it again, like me.  But there are many more reasons to read this book.  I hope you do.For more thoughtful reviews, please visit my blog reviewswithatude.wordpress.com"
Great edition
This is the book assigned by a great teacher that made me fall in love with reading. I have not stopped since. This is the first time I have reread it since 1971. Even better this time. I may have to reread some Steinbeck.
Enjoyed reading this well written but disturbing book again after forty years.
"I had never read TKAM before.  Excellent read, very entertaining."
GREAT BOOK
excellent - was good to revisit
Read Watchman first and just had to read this. What a wonderful story teller. Profound book. I hated to see it end.
I first read this in grade school. Unfortunately I was sick at the time and that is all I remembered about the book. Readin it again 50 years later gave me a much better understanding. Read it before 'watchman' and Liked it very much
Disappointing
A must read no matter how many times you've read it.
So much better than expected!
"Read it years ago, reading again."
Great
This book lives up to its reputation and brings a child's view so vividly to the readeras Scout observes her world and her view of herself within it.
"I can't say anything about the story that hasn't already been said a million times.  What I can say is that this book taught me what ""deckle edge"" means (they go out of their way to make the page edges not line up with each other, emulating a more primitive bookbinding method), and how much I truly despise deckle edging.  Now I'll know to look out for this ""feature"" in the future."
Enjoyed it even more that the first two times I read it!!
Excellent classic.  Saw the movie and never read the book.
Great classic and great Kindle set up
It never gets old picking up this novel and enjoying this amazing story and these unforgettable characters. It's an annual summer ritual that I will cherish forever.
"This, of course, is a classic of the American literature. How do you rate a classic if not give it five stars? I read the book in Russian a long time ago when I was young and now am rereading it in English, enjoying every word and every turn of events. It's really fun to read if for pure original language and writing enjoyment."
"Love the meaning behind the book in addition to the frequent foreshadowing, however may e a little to much background information."
An authentic American classic…every bit as relevant as when I read it in high school in the sixties.
Great book!
Excellent read!
"I  know there is a whole list of books that are classics that I should read but often I find that I really don't like them. There, I said it out loud. I do not like a lot of the classics. Pride and Prejudice? Don't get me started about Jane Austen. Romeo and Juliet? I am just not into Shakespeare.To Kill a Mockingbird is just not like those other ""classics"". Not only is it a tale that kept me interested, the cadence of the writing was melodic as it tells the story with the voice of a young girl. What's brilliant about this book as we discover what is going on through her eyes, as she tells the story as it unfolds for her. Being a child, she is often not in the middle of the action but uncovers facts by listening to adults, or being on the periphery of what is going on. It is also interesting to see how she sees things as her perspective is often not the same as the adults. Themes about racism, elitism and family are revealed as Scout encounters them and it's an interesting narrative.Scout Finch lives with her older brother Jem, her father Atticus, and their housekeeper in a small town in Alabama during the Depression. Her rather is a state representative who is charged with the task to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman. As this story unfolds, we see so many layers to a town with classes, prejudice and tradition. Scout learns life lessons on so many levels as she witnesses the actions of people and learns that not everything is how it seems.This is a wonderful story on so many levels"
Had twists and turns that the movie didn't have. I thought I knew the story until I read the book.
super nice book
I understood  both books better after re=reading this one.
Have read this twice and still enjoy
Fantastic!
American classic.  Enjoyable every time I read it.
"I read this book when I was 14, but just re-read it now at 43 and absolutely loved it!  I am now reading, ""Go set a watchman"".  Hopefully this will be as good as the first book."
A classic worth reading or rereading anytime.  Great character development. Hard look at racism in the Deep South.
Very happy to have finally read this
"Had read years ago, but really enjoyed again. Problems then still abound!"
I loved when I read years ago and was happy to share it now with my grandson
"A classic--I enjoyed reading it as an adult all over again. Harper Lee's Scout was ahead of her time, and I especially enjoyed the nostalgia of small town America, and a changing culture."
"Although I had never read To Kill a Mockingbird even though it is a classic. I found it to be a great read that kept my interest throughout the book. Great story,  Can't wait to read the new book to see if it is a good."
We chose this book for our new book clubs first read!  Even better than I remember it being!  Life lessons.
One of my favorite books! Nice cover.
One of the books that have stayed with me for years. A classic that was passed down to my grandchildren.
"If ever there were a book I would consider voting for as the “Great American Novel”, Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird is the one…the only one. It is hard for me to say that there is a one great anything. Times change, technology improves, and social views evolve. In short, we are never the same from one generation to the next and trying to pick anything that spans the gap and the differences as the greatest of all is difficult, if not a complete waste of time.When it comes to literature, there are so many fine books and so many great writers that trying to narrow the selection to the “one great one” interferes with valuable reading time…generally. But then there is To Kill A Mockingbird.Harper Lee’s story takes place in the small southern Alabama town and county of Maycomb during the depression era 1930’s. She paints a picture of the community and the people populating it through the eyes of Scout (Jean Louise Finch) the daughter of a prominent local attorney, Atticus Finch. As the book opens, Scout is preparing to begin her first year in grade school.She and her brother Jem and friend Dill pass the summer doing the things children did before the age of video games and twenty-four hour television. They played. They entertained themselves. They went on adventures. They told stories about the frightening, recluse who lives on the corner. They were children.They did all of this under the watchful eyes of Calpurnia, the black woman who is housekeeper and surrogate mother to the family. Scout describes her as “all angles and bone…with a hand as wide as a bed slat and twice as hard…”In the Finch household, Cal is treated as an equal, a partner in the upbringing of the children and an indispensable member of the family. That is in the Finch household. Outside their small world, things are different in the community of Maycomb.I find Calpurnia to be one of the most interesting of characters in the story. She is a strong and independent black woman who makes her way in the world dominated by whites. Scout is amazed on one occasion when visiting at Cal’s church that she spoke differently to other blacks, using their particular colloquialisms and dialect. It was very different from the way she spoke with Scout and Jem in the Finch home. Scout had no idea that Calpurnia lived this “double life” relating differently to the two cultures in Maycomb.In short, racial prejudice reigns, as was common in the time. Blacks, Negroes as polite members of the community called African Americans in that day, are second-class citizens with a place in the universe of Maycomb that is always inferior to the whites. Even the most white-trashy, ignorant, slovenly of whites holds a place in the community superior to any of the blacks.As a southerner who grew up in the south in the 1950s, I remember the “Jim Crowe” days. I went to schools that were not desegregated. I saw white only water fountains and restrooms. Black children were to be treated kindly, but we did not associate as a rule. They had their world. We had ours.As Scout paints a picture of Maycomb through the experiences she shares with Jem and Dill, it begins as a sort of “Mayberry-esque”, idyllic memoir of her childhood. But events open her eyes to the underlying darkness of their culture. Maycomb is not the perfect little world she thought.She is guided by her father, Atticus, through the twisting cultural maze she inhabits. He teaches her not to judge others, but to get in their shoes and walk around a while to see how the world looks from their perspective. Most importantly, never kill a mockingbird because all they do is sing and bring happiness without harming anyone else. Atticus is the rock in Scout's world, giving her rope to explore and float about on the sea, but always there to anchor her safely.Brother Jem (short for Jeremy) and friend Dill are her conscience and mentors in a way. Dill, rambunctious but sensitive, opens her eyes to things she had missed in their small community. Jem, sees and struggles with the contradictions around them...white people they have known all their lives as good people, doing things and saying things that they know to be wrong.Through her innocence and confused effort to understand what is happening around her, we see that things are socially complicated. Whites harboring racial prejudice are not all evil as Scout describes their interactions. Instead, you get the feeling that they are ignorant, not seeing the contradictions in their lives, one instant treating a black member of the community in a courteous friendly manner, the next making sure they understand their place in the community…second class.Some, however, are evil. The Ewells are the evilest of them all. Their conflict with Atticus and his defense of a black man, Tom Robinson, accused but innocent of a terrible crime leads to a chilling climax in the concluding chapters.In the event that there is someone who has not read the book or seen the movie, I will not include any plot spoilers here. Just know that it is a gripping story with a conclusion that keeps you on the edge of your seat before Lee allows you to take a breath in the final chapter.The prose is superb. The story is engaging and riveting. There are moments that will make you smile, others that will make you angry and some that might bring tears to your eyes.Most of all, Harper Lee’s use of a little girl, Scout, to bring the narrative to life is masterful. It is not a children’s book, but through the eyes of a child, we see ourselves and the world around us. For me, that is why To Kill A Mockingbird is the great American novel. It spans the gap of generations, and through Scout’s eyes, looks into our soul."
"I think it's safe to assume that most people know this book is about a girl named Scout Finch growing up in the American south of the 1930's as it still deals with racism. Seeing as the book is primarily about the experiences of a young girl, the parts about Atticus Finch defending a black man at trial, while important to the plot, are not nearly as prominent as some might recall from having read the book at school, myself included. Still, it's always an interesting book, full of remembrances of youthful activities that are likely to stir up at least an occasional moment of fond nostalgia among most people. While there is a lot that is very specific to the south in here, the principal themes are pretty universal; growing up, our relationships with & views of our families, learning to deal with society's expectations for us, and of course, just how messed up that society can often be. It may perhaps paint a slightly too rosy picture of the way things were at the time, but the inherent optimism fits in with the perspective from which it's being told. It's very hard not to be moved by this book. Whether it wants you to feel joy, suspense, or sorrow, it does a masterful job of bending you to its will. A true American classic. REVIEW ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED ON GOODREADS."
This is an awe inspiring novel.  I hear many students are inspired to become lawyers after reading the book.
Good!
A real classic masterpiece.
Scout grows up with her brother and face some tough times. Of course they don't know they are tough times. A man is convicted of a crime he didn't commit and they struggle with the injustice of it.
Brilliant book that moves as a great clip.
Wow!!  Great read from a time back.
I had seen the film but never read the book. A very enjoyable read.
"The story as narrated by an 8-year-old girl (Scout) is not complicated but exceedingly touching. The narrative addresses a lot of issues - father/daughter/son relationship, racial discrimination, social injustice, compassion. The analogy to the killing of a mockingbird is a perfect moral statement."
"Worthy of the Pulitzer Indeed.A truly classic, beautifully written novel.  It gets better every time I read it!"
Top rate!
"I have only started to ead it (first chapter), however, I plan on spending more time with it soon.thank you for asking.,Norm Bisbee"
Never read it before. Can't put it down. I really enjoy the child's perspective.
"It has to have been about 40 years since I had read this book. I reread it before reading ""Watchman.""  What an excellent story. If you have not read thIs for years, it is definitely worth a read."
It was fun to read a novel from years ago.  Had to read it first before Go Set a Watchman.  Loved both.
"Great old classic!!! I read it in school many, many years ago and it's still a great read."
A classic that deserves to be reread.
Classic
A very good read. Her writing keeps one's interest peaked.  I look forward to reading Go set a watchman by the same author.
Love this book!
ENJOYED READING AGAIN
Great book.I can't believe I had not read this before now.
Such a good story!!
"This is one of the loveliest books I have read.  I've read it several times, and will read it again."
A very thought provoking story with many truths
"Another all time favorite reread for a variety of reasons this summer. Harper Lee is an ace at laying out story...stretching her characterization for miles and miles, and then reeling you back in to maintain the plot as well. The plot is well-established and the settings are just perfectly written, giving the reader so much to hear and see in their mind. This book has been and always will be a mentor type of text...an all time favorite of mine.Note: I reread this book as a set up to Go Set a Watchman, which was actually written before To Kill a Mockingbird, as most people now know. Even though Watchman (steering clear of the spoiler here!) is still swimming around in my brain...and I'm not totally sure what to think, honestly...Mockingbird will never lose its appeal to me!"
Amazing and memorable book. I never tire of rereading it!
"Boo Radley, Tom Robinson, Scout, Jem, Atticus. Calpurnica-what amazing characters for Harper Lee to come up with.  They certainly lived during turbulent times. This book brings out how easy it is to judge another. In this day and age we look down our noses at how others acted in the south. I wonder if I would have been able to see the forest for the trees like Scout did. Which character would I have acted like if I had lived back then?  It took some backbone to meet the bar that Harper Lee set for her characters.  I read it again as a backdrop for ""Go Set A Watchman"". While this was required reading in school I am so glad I read it again as an adult."
"We all know the story from the movie with Gregory Peck.  There are a few differences in the book but it's still an extremely good story.  If you have never read it or not in a long time, read this one before you read Go Set A Watchman.  Enjoy"
"On a scale of one to ten, this book is an eleven!  Am reading it again before I read Ms. Lee's new release.  This one should have won TWO Pulitzer Prizes!"
"My favorite book of all times, so many universal themes in such a live picture of the US Southern society in the 30s. All that plotted within the mesmerized and mesmerizing perspective of a first-grade child. Pure genius, and unforgettable characters"
"This is truly an American Classic, I love this book."
"It's ""To Kill a Mockingbird""  'Nuff said."
What a great re-read! So well written and a must before the newest book by Harper Lee!
Best movie ever.
It was great when i read it as a younger person even better now that I have past 79
Fast shipping and the price was perfect
A very good book to read.
"Excellent story that is, sadly, still relevant today!"
Great!
A true classic.
"A well told and enjoyable story that could be a true depiction of that era.  I didn't try to analyze the political and social undertone, just enjoyed the it.Did wonder if Scout might be Harper Lee's alter-ego.  I did buy  Go Set a Watchman when it was published but haven't read it yet but its on my list for colder weather. Go Set a Watchman: A Novel"
Less than 1/2 thru.Don't know the answer's to some of the question's
My all time favorite!!!
"I believe I read this book in high school but I probably just read the cliffsnotes version as I do not remember the story at all. When ""Go Set A Watchman"" came out I decided I really needed to reread this book first so I did. I found myself struggling through the first 100 pages (first 8 chapters) but then enjoying there after. It's not your typical read and it's probably all too metaphorical for me to grasp without an English teacher telling me what it all meant, but I enjoyed it. I wouldn't necessarily recommend it unless you were in the mood to read about 1930's Alabama and the tales of a young girl through her childhood but if you do decide to read it I think you will enjoy it as well."
I remember the ending different but enjoyed the book
Can't beat a classic and Sissy Spacek as the narrator was PERFECT!
"Although I have seen the movie several times, I had never read the book. As usual, the book is better than the movie. Read it before Harper Lee's recently released book."
There aren't enough stars for this book.  I have read it so many times and always discover more and more in the author's language to delight me.
"I was some what disappointed in the book good subject but difficult to understand. The movie was better to understand what is going on,could be book is better for people who are in school as a history lession."
"Definitely happy I read this one, as it has many layers, including life values, racism all seen through a young girl's eyes.  I can see why it is still set as a exam subject at secondary schools."
"Great condition, great read."
"This is still the same beautifully crafted book I remember from the first time I read it decades ago. The children come alive with their observations of adult behaviour in the Deep South and Atticus is thoughtful, taciturn and passionate - although I can only imagine Gregory Peck and his baritone voice when I read it now. Read it or read it again. It's worth it."
As expected
My all time favourite book!!!
Well pleased with all purchases
"As a German I did not read Lee's book at school but only now, when the buzz about her second book drew my attention again to her first. It was a very moving and satisfying read and I understand why ""Mockingbird"" is popular, loved and read at school. To me it seems an excellent introduction to moral issues, public and private, viewed through the eyes of a child. Maybe Scout is a bit to precocious but it is easy to sympathize with her and see the plot develop through her eyes. Atticus is maybe too saintly but don't we need positive role models.Lee does not shy away from opposing views. Overall it is a very satisfying read that I can only recommend."
Love this book!
loved the story  the children were great
A classic.
This is a classic story told in a wonderful style. I thoroughly enjoyed revisiting this book.
To Kill a Mockingbird has been a favorite of mine for many years!  Re-reading it recently took me back to my childhood and how much I took at face value and did not understand at that time.  It is still a favorite and I enjoyed it even more this time around!!
I enjoyed this book. I felt it was well written and a good insight into that time in history.
"Classic, great novel. The writing is great, the story line is strong, and the message is clear."
😀
"I was thirteen when I first read this book. I remember so well that it was a cold, rainy day and there was ""nothing"" to do. I complained to my mom and she sat me down with a book. After the first few pages, I was no longer bored and I read it cover to cover.That was forty-seven years ago and I still read it today. It's true what people say ... To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic.  It's a ""must"" read for anyone no matter their age.To Kill A Mockingbird is a story about family, friendships, love, heartaches, the joys of childhood ... and so much more.  If you're like me, you'll be sorry to reach the last page."
really liked it.  I read it years ago and needed to reread it before reading the new book
A true American masterpiece!
I thought it was a great read.  I love the way Lee Harper tells the story of a time in the south.  It was hard to put down.  Can't wait to to read her latest novel.
"A fun way of learning the ways and morals of Americas Deep South in the 20's, it is hard to put this book down."
"I read this in high school, and am now many years older  It was even better this time around!  Highly recommended!"
One of the best books ever written.  I re-read it every few years and I always get something more from it.
Classic
A longtime favorite book.  I consider it a must-have in your library whether as an e-book or in print.  This book will be read by me  time and again.  We could all use a man like Atticus Finch in our lives.
This is a classic book that I have now read twice.  Enjoyed it very much.
I am eighty-two years old and had never read the book despite earning a Masters Degree along the way and was somewhat familiar with the larger story because of conversations by others. It was completely different from what I had formed in my mind. My appreciation of Harper Lee's talents far exceeds that which I had expected and I agree that the accolades she has received over the years are completely deserved.
"Never hurts to reread the Classics, and this is a brilliant one."
A classic that does not disappoint.
Enjoyable and Interesting.
I read it for the second time in order to prepare for the new sequel Harper Lee has written.
Reread the Kill book first then the 'newly found' followup with reasonable satisfaction
"This book was required reading in High School. I re-read it recently, as I was going to read Harper Lee's other book Go Set A Watchman after that. I enjoyed To Kill A Mockingbird very much. The history of the South was depicted very well, and the story was told through the eyes of a young girl growing up poor in the South, and the tension of the black/white relations.The book is still very relevant today and teaches a great moral code, about how you treat people no matter what their economic status is or the color of their skin. It should probably still be required reading, as it is a timeless classic."
A classic.
"Favorite all time novel...although most of us read this in our teens, as an older adult it takes on another level of understanding."
"I did NOT like this book.  It took me months to read it, and finally the threat of library late fees made me finish it.  There’s a catch.  This book… There’s something about this book.  I started reading it, hated it, and thought I would be giving it a 1 star.  Then, as it progressed, I moved more to dislike the book rather than “hate” it, so I was going to give it 2 stars.  Then there was the ending that was somewhat appealing.  Appealing enough to bump it up to 2.5 stars.  Who knows, after I dwell on the book for a year, I might bump it up to a 4.  Yeah… That’s more than likely not going to happen.The reader spends countless pages going through the motions of everyday life.  It takes us through the children’s school days, evenings, and even summers when their best friend Dill comes to visit.  They have a fascination with their next door neighbor that never comes out and the majority of the book is focused on fueling their imaginations.  Then comes the trial, and the book turns a tad bit more interesting and starts to build up hope where there is an almost impossibility to have any.  This book shows the importance of treating innocent people with kindness, kind of like the importance not to harm a mockingbird that does nothing but “sing their hearts out for us”.  Are things clicking together for you yet?Another thing…  Who is Atticus, really?  An alien?  Is he on drugs to keep him so calm and mellow all the time?  I understand it’s the south and back then life was slower and more relaxed, but COME ON!  Show me that you’re not a drone!  Nothing bothered him, and if it did, he hardly showed anything.  I understand chaos brings chaos and he was trying to instill peace so his children would become level headed people, but when push comes to shove, you are a single parent.  You are allowed to get mad and show it once in a while.  Finally!  Finally, at page 152 Atticus loses his cool… almost.  He “nearly” slammed a door!  Wow, I was in shock. <This is me rolling my eyes.>I know this book has a powerful and important meaning that everyone should understand.  People are afraid of what they don’t know, and we should all do our best to be kind to the people that deserve it the most.  I get it, and understand the message, but the book was so boring that it was hard for me to finish.  I was waiting for a big climax. Finally, at the end there was something small, but not enough for me to get excited about reading the book.  I hated that when I had a chance to read, I didn’t WANT to pick up the book.  Ever since I started reading books for fun, that had never happened, and I didn’t like it.Here’s what I didn’t hate about the book.  The message.  I see why they have kids read this in schools.  The whole concept of learning from our past mistakes, and all…  What Tom, the black man on trial for rape, had to go through was horrible, and the reader got to see it all from the point of view of a child.  The wise Atticus said it all when he claimed he wasn’t going to win defending Tom, “Simply because we were licked a hundred years before we started is no reason for us not to try to win.”Here’s the tricky part.  How do I recommend a book that was so hard for me to get through?  What’s that even say about me, that I disliked a Pulitzer Prize winning book that teachers have students read all over the country?  I’m not sure on that one.  This is what I’m going to do…  I can’t tell you to go out and read the book, but I can tell you that there is no harm in giving it a try.  I have talked to many people that enjoyed the book. Remember, I am only 1 opinion out of many.  Even though I like to think that I am right the majority of the time.  ;-)For a more detailed review, go to http://rebekahdaniels.blogspot.com/2015/03/a-book-you-were-supposed-to-read-in.html"
"A timeless narrative involving not only the racial issues of the South, but also of a time when childhood was filled with the simple  pleasures of neighborhood friendships and families that enjoyed spending time together."
Excellent book. Hated I waited so long to read it
Great Read
Avery remarkable book.
Need this to be downloaded
Good read
I had to read this book for Summer Reading and it surprisingly didn't suck😂. This book was really good especially towards the middle. In the beginning it was a little dry and during some parts of the book it was dry too. But once the author is done building up the suspense its worth it. Shockingly when I finished the book I wanted more I wasn't ready for it to end.
Good read
Good read
Slow start but ultimately a nail biter
"A wonderful book.  I had not read this for many years, and it is a book worth coming back to again and again.  It is wonderfully written, humorous, sad, deep and thought-provoking.  If you had to read this in high school, do yourself a favor and read it again as an adult.  It is a novel that grows with you.  If you have never read it, this book should definitely be on your list.  The book is about more than race relations; it is about growing up, being responsible, inter-personal relationships and kindness.  Don't pass this up.  If you have only seen the movie, you have a treat in store."
"I just loved this book.  I couldn't wait to carry on the story when I went to bed each night.  Beautifully written and explained, it seems a simple story, but it ends up being quite complex.  Read it.  and enjoy."
I love this book. I read it in high school but decided to revisit it and I enjoyed it much more as an adult. It's a great reminder to me about the innocence of children and how easily they can be influenced by the adults in their lives.
"Obviously a classic, and so glad I took the time to read!"
A classic that deserves to be re-read again.
Son needed to read this for High School.  Bought a copy so he could read it at home.
Second time.  Now I am ready for her new book.
Interesting book.  Writing is solid but not exceptional.  Very interesting story -- I was wanting more insight into hoarding and I found this true life experience to be rich with the emotional impact of hoarding and the impact to the family.
Still a classic after rereading it 15yrs later.
"In my younger ""non fiction reading years"", I did not read Mockingbird. The reading of Watchman motivated me to go back to Mockingbird, a wonderful classic. Now I am sorry, Watchman did not have a preface re Mockingbird to set the stage: characters, setting and time. This book is rich with vivid images, very similar to my pleasant experiences with Huck Finn."
Trite and sentimentalized.l.  Can't understand all the fussabout it for all these years.  Wonder what teachers andchildren thought they were getting from reading it.
"Daughter loved it.  She did it for her summer reading, and greatly enjoyed the book.  It is a classic,"
This is one of my all-time favorite novels. I re-read it at least once every few years and appreciate the depth of characters and storyline more each time.
Loved Scout. Tough little girl.
"Reading this as an adult with more insight than I had in high school. I grew up in the North. No segregation, as a mature adult, that now lives in the south,  I can understand more of this books meaning"
An awesome classic...still remains a favorite of mine :-)
A great story!
I found this book rather boring and hard to read. Really didn't like the story very much and the conversations in the book were very hard to follow.
A
"I read this book in high school, and trudged through it.  Now, 40 years later, I re-read it and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Wonderfully written, this book well deserves the title, 'masterpiece'."
Superb. Too bad the prequel came out to cast a shadow on it. The good thing is watchman will soon be forgotten
Just as wonderful as the first time I read it almost 50 years ago!
I read this back when I was in high school and wanted to re-read because I couldn't remember all of the details.  Still love this story and it's still relevant today.  Can't wait to read her sequel - Go Set a Watchman.
"Enjoyed this book, an easy to read story with a message. I wonder why it took me so long to read"
A must read. More than once. Read it in school but somehow means so much more now than back then.
The story itself is amazing. My lower rating is only because of poor edition. The paper is of low quality and the paper cover for the book is not looking as attractive as the one on paperback. I think they should release a new edition.
Had to reread before Watchman.  I was immediately wowed by the great writing and the pure understanding of small town South in the 50s.  My side reading now includes magazine articles on the how students are ruling their educational systems with their principle of no hints of disrespect to any group or individual. So I guess tKaM would have to be heavily redacted.
Classic novel.  Love this book. I will read again once my son is done with it.
Best Book I've read I a long time
One of my favorite books.  I reread this before I read Go Set A Watchman.
"If you've never read this Pulitzer Prize-winning classic novel by Harper Lee, read it. You owe it to yourself. And if the last time you read it was years (decades?) ago in high school, read it again. You'll bring an adult perspective to it that you didn't have when you read it as a teenager. Published in July 1960, this book is still astonishingly relevant 55 years later."
"I never read this before. I remember seeing the movie several times and thought I read it years ago. One of the warmest and sad books that made me feel great . Thank you Harper Lee for writing it I am almost glad I never read it, because as a child I would not have gotten as much from it as I did at age 70."
I read this book like many others in high school. I misplaced my original copy so bought this to replace it.
Takes you to a different time and place and a way of life that existed there.  Worth reading many times which I have so had to buy this replacement.
Superb picture of grassroots America in the 30's. Sympathetically  written and very very amusing. Absolutely must be read. Great read.
Great book. Fast shipping
I am 88  I can't beleive  I hadn't read it before
I really enjoyed the book and think that more people should read it. It is a book to read over and over again. I loved it.
"This is a ""time alone"" reading book. As insightful as pictoresque. A must. Reread it before ""Go set a watchman"""
"I grew up in New Orleans and traveled the South, including Monroeville, AL in the late '70s and called on Agencies in the downtown square. For me, it was nostalgic through the film and having been there often. It brought a lot out about denial and reality co-exist and the spoken and unspoken rules. The indirect way things are communicated or ignored. More than anything for me the language Southern story telling is music to my ears. It filled my heart and broke it in the soul of all the characters so much more to be said."
Loved it!!
My FAVORITE book. Arrived on time and in amazing condition. Love it!!!
I had read this book many years ago and had also seen the movie.  I had forgotten a lot of the book and the movie did not have all what the book had.  I am very glad to have ordered this book.  I was born around the time this book was written and I am a devoted Southerner. I realize that things have changed drastically for the white people and for the African American.people.  This an eye opener that we do not need to forget.
Possibly the best novel ever written
"This book needs no review, but to think that 80 years after the events it describes we are still in a state of widespread racial injustice... Well, that alone is enough to give one pause. This book describes in chilling detail that awful prejudice that still rules the hearts of too many."
Now I know why it's a classic!
I'd give it 10 stars if I could!
"Because it received the Pulitzer prize for literature and has been raved about for years, I expected more. Sorry."
Just had to read it again after Watchman.  Mockingbird is truly a work of art - third time reading it and is still a great story!
"The story  highlights the plight of the african under white supremacy. it was written at the right time when kennedy was coming into power.In the main protagonist Atticus we saw goodness and that quality prevailed.  I related it to Saturday written by Ian Mc ewan . in that book goodness also prevailed despite the wrong to the main character.  These, to me are the two best books that I have read.  to kill a mockingbird certainly has a special place in history."
The book captures the times perfectly as well as the prejudices and delves into the human soul
"A true classic! I wanted to read this again before I read the sequel. It is every bit as good as I remembered. Can't wait to start "" Go set a Watchman""."
"Such a beautiful book. I first read it 50 years ago, and it is even more relevant today. A true classic."
"Great book! Wish I would've read in school, when I was supposed to!"
There's a reason books become classics.
"The special edition ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is great.  It is terrific to have one of my most favorite books in this lovely volume."
"Great classic - enhanced by reading ""To Set a Watchman"""
A very good read
Excellent book.
Terrific!
Still a wonderful book. Well written and one that should be read by everyone
Much more spellbinding and provocative than I remembered from AP English. Rather sad how resilient the underlying themes are how relevant they are today.
"A classic perspective of people in the pre war (WWII) South, with twists both expected and unexpected."
"Enjoyed reading again after many years. Decided to do it after reading and appreciating ""Go Set a Watchman."" Was not disappointed."
A classic.
Thought provoking.
Had a hard time putting it down until I finished it!
"Great book, don't know why I waited so long to read it"
Excellent story and well written.
I was disappointed reading this as a older adult.  Seemed much better in high school....Perhaps i should watch the movie again!!
"To Kill a Mockingbird is to me a literary beacon. It stands out as a uniquely told story of childhood and growing pains, on the individual level as well as for the society of the South as such. Where Gone by the Wind elaborates in a dramatic and sentimental manner, To Kill a Mockingbird stays level-headed and down-to-earth, told as it is, in a genuinely naïve and innocent voice. An honest glimpse into Southern childhood, from a first person perspective, with useful and enlightening insights that no other novel can offer in such an accesible and seemingly effortless manner."
This book really reminded me of my southern roots and the innocence lost in the reality of the era and coming of age. This book seems as relevant now as it has ever been.
Read this many years ago.  Just wanted in my library because I will re-read.
What a great read...had read it in my youth but really enjoyed re-reading it and got so much more out of it this recent time.
I read this book in high school and decided to read it again. This is a wonderful storyline told by a little girl in the Deep South. Many lessons are learned. This book is a classic!
"An American classic for a reason, This book is thoughtful, thorough, and engaging. I have read it multiple times and I notice and think about every time I read it."
I love this book. In the beginning it might seem boring but by the end your speechless. This book is great for middle schoolers and up.
Excellent book !!
Once I picked it up I didn't want to put it back down. This is a definite must read!!!
This book was beautiful
One of the best books I have read and I've read a few!
"My mother gave me this book to read when I was in 6th grade.  After I graduated from High School I was frustrated that I had read what I considered the best book I would ever read in Elementary School.  I still read it once every couple of years.  The book is thought provoking, informative and entertaining.  I highly recommend reading it."
"Even better the second time around, than the first time around (35 years ago)."
Second time reading.  Even better then when I was in high school.  Beautiful!
"Beautifully simple. I haven't read this book in decades, and I had forgotten how wonderful it is. It feels like a story that anyone could write, but I guess that's how the work of a great artist makes you feel."
"It's a classic. Loved reading this book; however, I would highly recommend reading the audiobook version. Especially if you are having a hard time getting into the book because of the manner in which it is written.It's too good of a book to not read one way or another."
"For the first time i picked up this book and read for my writing session. Its so good, it could even attract a person who dislike books like me. Jem Scount maturey develops into a lady under atticus's teachings, thats what we should learn from him. to make it short, i recommend it to people who needs to understand what life is and what it is for!"
Excellent!
A very interesting description of a postwar American society in the South.  A special twist is given to the novel by describing the people and the little town through the eyes of a little girl.  It also shows how important responsible and moral parents are in the upbringing of children.  I highly recommend the book!
"If you haven't read this book, read it. You will be glad you did. If you have read it, re-read it. You will be glad you did."
"Hadn't read this book since high school (many years ago).  With the release of Ms. Lee's new book, thought I should read this one again first.  It did not disappoint.  Such an enjoyable, gripping writing style that just sucks you right into the story and makes you anxious for the next adventure.  All the time accurately portraying the society of the times and a good man trying to make a difference.  A classic.  Read it again!  Now on to the Watchman.  Hoping it is just as good."
As good as when I read it 40yrs ago
Good''''
"This was purchased as a gift for my 92-year-old mother.  It was beautiful, and she loved it!  Not to mention it's the best book I've ever read."
Great read! It's a classic in every way. The character development and storyline was intriguing and really gave me an insight into the life of a small town group of people in the south back in the early 1900's. I couldn't put the book down! A+++
I just read this book again about 35 years later. Just as good as it ever was.
"I read this book when I was in school. Watched the movie may times over the years and this was definitely one of the best books ever created. The story, the writing, then plot even after 20 years of reading it again still brings out strong emotions in me."
Great
"Great seller, highly recommend, would use again"
Great read! Now reading sequel. Equally enjoyable. Humorous descriptions/ heartfelt emotions....would love to see modern remake of movie.
A classic. Read it.
A great read!
Terrific
"This is without a doubt one of the greatest books ever written. ""Our of the mouth of babes"" come lessons that impact our society.This is the third time for me to have read this book and it teaches me more each time. Having lived all my 56 years in the deep south, I can tell you this is a perfect description of the ""system "" in place.  Ms Lee makes us look deeply into it and see it's fallacies, but also the hope that it can change. Is says no less to us today, than it did 55 years ago."
A good read
haven't finished reading
One of the greatest books ever written!
"No matter how many times I read this, it still amazes me how timeless it is."
"Fantastically written,  loved every word!"
It is one of the best books I have read in a long time... Of course I had seen the movie and could hear Gregory Peck's voice as Atticus  It was funny and sad at the same time.....
love it
Literally one of the best books I have ever read. The characters are so amazing. Atticus. What an amazing man. Seeing the story unfold from the eyes of a child in many ways was such a wonderful way of telling this amazing story. If you read this and don't learn many life lessons you are lost.
"This book captivated me so much.  Talk about  judging  a bool by it's cover.  This book dealt  with so much on how misguided and judgemental we all can be.  I thought it was very well put by the character Atticus when he said you don't know people until you know them.  Certainly it brought home the importance of the  colour of your skin , the religion of your choice or  your political believes should put the reason to  ostracise anyone. or  I was so taken with it that I immediately bought the the follow up of it to enjoy the continuity.  This book in my opinion is a must for anyone who enjoys reading."
"Great book, engaging story."
"Wonderfully written story of the South, it's culture and love of family and fellow man in the voice of a precocious child."
Its a classic for a reason. I e-booked this for my husband to read.  Its a favorite of mine. Got Harper's Night Watchman and loved it too.
"Loved it since first reading in 1960. It never grows old. I saw so much of the world around me reflected in this family story, and it gave me, as an earnest adolescent, some bright stars to steer by. It felt like a magic book at the time - and still retains its majesty on re-reading it again this summer.  It is fated, I believe, to be my personal favorite for all time - and it's hard for me to pick up a book I don't like ( in some way or another). Yes, magic is the right word for this classic - pure magic!"
"Somehow, I did not read this during my high school or college education. The release of Harper Lee's ""new"" novel piqued my interest & I thought it best to begin with 'To Kill a Mockingbird'. It did not disappoint! Looking forward to reading the next novel."
I read this again because it has been a while since the last time.  I wanted to get the flavor of Maycomb in my mouth again before I began «Go Set A Watchman».  It is still a superb Masterpiece.
This book is so relatable for me personally on many levels.  I found it refreshing to see into the characters and their reality.
"I read this book way back when in High School. I remembered that I liked it, but for the life of me could not remember the whole story. So I decided to read it again. Especially since I wanted to read ""Go Set a Watchman"".  If you have the time, for that matter - make the time to read this wonderful book. The characters are great. I Love Scout - she is such an amazing little girl. Atticus her Dad is a very honorable man - we need more people like him in today's judicial system. Her brother Jem and all the other characters are good representatives of our todays lives, just in a different era. Unfortunately I think that we may just be a bit more prejudiced than they were back there in the South.  In any case - this was an EXCELLENT book and I would highly recommend reading it. I am very glad that I re-read it."
Outstanding everyone should read it or reread itWhat a shame she wrote only two books
"Marvellous marvellous marvellous. Even better the second time around, and I'm  sure I shall read it again. Everyone should read it at least once."
"I never read this in school, unlike most people. A truly fantastic story and well written. Highly recommend to anyone."
better than the movie of course
Pleasantly surprised by the slip case.  I was expecting the book only to discover it had a slipcase.  Very nice.
Lots of development of characters.  A classic I missed out on when in school.
"I think I read this long ago, but do not remember it very much. Saw the movie and in my mind's eye can see Gregory Peck talking to Scout. I am so enjoying it, even more than the first time. Do you think that could have something to do with this thing called ""aging?"""
Truly a fabulous read! Entertained from the beginning and Harper Lee has a beautiful writing style.  Scout is an unforgettable character.
"I had read the book years ago and seen the movie a couple of times.  I liked it then and read it again with a few dozen more life experiences.  Still like it.  I am not sure I want to read the new book.  I have such affection for the characters in the this novel, I don't think I want to change that feeling."
"Very interesting and well written. I was interested throughout the book. I just started ""Go Set A Watchman"" and hope I find it as captivating."
Great classic - beautifully written. A compelling read
"A classic, with good reason. I decided to re-read this book and it was well worth the effort."
For granddaughter for school.
Manners and characters that most older small town southerners remember and few still practice. A way of life that is slowly dying and fewer remember or remain.
"This is a classic for a reason. I read it in school, but I understand it so much better as an adult. Just a great book."
"A classic, as relevant today as it was 50 years ago.  A great tale.  Ready for the sequel."
"First of all, this novel was sent exactly as expected. The cover of the novel was exactly as it appeared online. This is a very classic novel. I like how Harper Lee describes her childhood living in Alabama but in a fictional way. Lastly, I liked how Amazon sells things such as this novel for about 1/2-1/3 of the price as other major booksellers. I have used this book for about 2-4 weeks now."
Great!
Still a classic read. Makes you think about good v evil and how good triumphs
What's there not to love about this book? The characters are so real and the dialog is so true. It is very thought provoking. It's no wonder this is such a classic. It should be on everyone's must read list.
No thank you
"This was a reread for me.  I last read it in high school (I'm 78 years old) and it was as good now as it was then.  Now I have familiarized myself with Harper Lee's characters, I'm going to read ""Go Set a Watchman,"" and expect it to be just as historic a book."
Very good book.
Still an outstanding read
"A wonderful novel, one of the all time bests!"
A classic that holds your attention from the start.  Relevant today in race relations and societal inequities.
My daughter read it for summer reading.  She liked the book and it was easy to understand
I enjoyed this book again. Not riveting but ok. I thought I would read it before I read the new one but after hearing bad reviews about the Watchman one I have decided against it.
Great classic
"I did not read this classic American tale until I was about 50 and living in the south, which I guess interested me. It is deserving of the name classic. There are so many reviews that I feel no need to add much to them, other than to say I'm glad I read it and you will likely be too. Riveting and realistic. I've read six great legal novels in my life - Anatomy of a Murder, Presumed Innocent, A Time to Kill, Presumed Innocent, Turow's sequel, The Burden of Proof and To Kill a Mockingbird."
I agree it is a top ten novel of the century.
"I have seen this movie several times, but had never read the book until just now at age 70.  I loved it. Scout  became my favorite character."
"To Kill a Mockingbird did not disappoint. Yes, a good chunk of the book was stage setting, but the story of love and standing up for what's right made the extra details pale in comparison. I can't wait to read Go Set a Watchmen!"
"Still a Classic. Accurate description of life in the South in that period of our history, as sad as it is."
"It's a classic I wish I'd read long ago.  So happy someone suggested I read it now.I loved the characters.... all of them.  They were so well developed and each one had a special role in the book.  I love the vocabulary.  I love how smart the children are and it just speaks to how little our children today know in terms of vocab, literature and depth.  I felt the same way when I read Anne of Green Gables.  We are neglecting our children these days.I would definitely recommend this book.  It is my DIL's favorite and she has read it many, many times.  I plan to do the same."
Classic. Great. Just reread it before starting the controversial new one.
really hard to get involved in the book.
"The case is beautiful, very classy."
"HARPER LEE IS AN EXCEPTIONAL WRITER AND ABSOLUTELY WORTHY OF THE PULITZER PRIZE SHE WON. I CAN'T WAITTO READ ""TO SET A WATCHMAN""."
It's a chilling story through the eyes of a child. Perspective is simple.
Something you can read it again and again.
"With talk of the new book, I wanted to read this again.  It had been years and I'd actually forgotten exactly what the school controversy was about.  I still have trouble understanding why any intelligent person could not read this as the classic it is.  If it's been some time since you've had a good read of a classic, sit back and enjoy this one again!"
Beautifully written story. I enjoyed every minute of the story.
Looking forward to rereading this novel
Wonder to read this book again
You can learn a lot of lessons about ethics and the way children and adults think in a rural small town environment. Provides a lot to reflect on. Worth re-reading to absorb all the lessons.
I ordered 2 copies of the book and they seemed very old and brittle.  It took 2 weeks to receive one of the books.
"I had never read this book in my 50 plus years, so I figured I would surrounding all the hype over the new Harper Lee novel just released.  A good  read, but times sure are different now.  Some may find this book offensive."
"I had read 'To Kill A Mockingbird' several years ago, seen it as a play and also the movie so there were no big surprises at the ending. However, I extremely enjoyed reading it again. It takes me back in time when life was less complicated and safer, particularly for children.The quality of the book and the slipcase is great and a very nice asset to our library."
"This  re-read did not disappoint, maybe because this time it was no longer a required reading. I love the ending"
Every bit as good as the movie was ... I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to anyone who has not seen the movie or read the book.....
"I read ""To Kill A Mockingbird "" many, many years ago. I recently bought a copy so I could re-read it. I was not disappointed. Harper Lee is a true genius at nailing the social mores of the times.Atticus was a true gentle man and ahead of his time. Thank you Ms. Lee for a wonderful story that has stood the test of time."
Read it many years ago and read it again to refresh my memory.
beaitiful hardback edition.  Sealed. Will keep it that way. Thanks.  Very fast delivery
"I had read this years ago when I was much younger. Reading it at my current age, I realized how much better it seemed to me."
"I hadn't read this for a long time and forgot how funny it was. It is written in the voice of an 8 year old girl. Her worries, how she sees the world, are all from a kid's perspective. Yet she clearly portrays the South of the 1930s. ""We learned we had nothing to fear but fear itself"" dates it to 1933. It is truly an American Classic!"
Still a great classic tale.  Full of wit and humor and great characters.
"Great reading, enjoyed it very much"
"Wanted to read the book, have seen the movies several times but it had been so long ago that I couldn't remember the story and wanted to review it before I purchased Harper Lee's new book Go Set A Watchman."
Better than the movie!!!!!
A must read for everyone!!!!
"I had read this yrs ago, wanted to refresh my memory before I started the sequel.  Enjoy every minute of it."
I first read this many years ago in high school English class. My appreciation and understanding is so much greater this time around. The joy and pain of life's lessons are so real here it brings tears to my eyes and an ache to my heart. Will mankind ever learn to accept each other's differences?
A most enjoyable story. Very well written
Great book. Classic. Understand it a lot better as an adult.
"This book is a classic and and I can see why, it was well written and a great read. I will probably be reading this book a couple more times."
A true American literary treasure.
"It's sad how much our society still acts like the era depicted in this great book. This book contains great insights about growing up immersed in narrow-minded prejudice. Looking forward to ""Go Set A Watchman"" on Tuesday."
So beautifully written.  Characters are drawn fully.  Worth reading and keeping on your bookshelf.
As wonderful as I remembered from High School
"great classic book, immediate download"
"I had read this while in high school and I enjoyed it, so when the new book came out I reread to kill a mockingbird and then read Go set a watchman, I truly loved them both. Reminds me of the south when I was growing up."
"I read this years ago and I read it again, and again then.  But now that I read `Go Set a Watchman' my mind cleared and reality came through."
I love this book! It's a classic but not in the Old English kind of way. It is one of my favorite books of all time!
Great to read this classic.  Enjoyed it very much.
Wonderful souvenir edition for my library.
"I did not enjoy this book.  Although I am sure it portrayed what the South was like in 1935, I still found it very dark. I do not enjoy reading speech in dialect. Why not just write in normal English? I believe that this is  a school set book. Fortunately I did not have it as one of mine! It would not have made me a fan of reading. I found absolutely nothing to recommend this book at all and I will certainly not waste money on buying the prequel."
Loved this book.
"I read this book 20 years ago, and had forgotten how terrific it is.  It's simply wonderful, beautifully written, great characters -- a must read.  And a must re-read!"
I read this book years ago and now bought it for my daughter.  I'm rather glad it was published first for we needed a HERO with a capital H during the times then.  The 2nd book showed a man of his times with some flaws.  We don't need Superman to come an save us.  We need ordinarypeople to keep on doing their best.
Loved it way back when....loved it again this time!
A great book everyone should read it.
"Still a classic. I read it when I was young, and it really affected me. Now that I'm older, re-read it, and enjoyed it as much as before. A great read."
LOVED IT!!!!
The classic story as relevant today as when it was written.  Lives are not what they may appear on the surface.  Seeing the world through the eyes of a gifted child may be the most revealing way to see the truth.  Can be read over and over and over again.... and still make me cry.
Great book
"Now that I'm a senior citizen, I'm just getting around to reading ""The Classics."" I enjoyed reading a story about childhood growing up in the south. So well written through the eyes of a young girl, and the admiration she felt for her father. I could identify with her because of my southern roots."
It's a classic written in a southern way. Life in a small town and with children's experiences during summer and school year growing up in turbulent times with race differences in the South. But that isn't the main focus of the story. It's the experiences of this single father and his two children growing  in the gentile South.
"I read this book in high school and thought I'd read it again before I moved on to the new one. It holds up well. Scout's narration of her memories of her small town paint a clear and specific image. The threads of the story are woven into a lovely tapestry of feelings and awareness. I was pleased at how much I enjoyed it the second time. Too often the 'suck fairies' get to beloved books over the years. I'm delighted to say, it hasn't happened with this one."
Excellent.  Extremely well written
Is an old classic.....want to re-read it.CWDeLong
"This is my first official read.  Great book, and great characters.  For a book written 55 years ago, it is truly a classic that will be read by many folks for  years down the line."
Great classic book - and I cannot wait to read Harper Lee's new book also!
Great book.  So glad my book club chose it for this past month.  I'm looking forward to reading Ms. Lee's new book as well.
Classic. Cool to reread.
You know this is a great book!
"It's been 30 years since I read it the first time...and it did not disappoint.  Funny how time doesn't change much, especially considering recent headlines. Truly a classic and must-read."
I can't believe I've lived this long and never read this book.  It's magical and poignant and even has relevance with today's world.
Best ever.
It is a must read!!!!
"Have read the book several times in past years.  Only wish the size, style, and format was the same as ""Go Set A Watchman""  so it would be a matching set."
"This is a great book! At first it is a little slow, but then it is over too soon... Would recommend to anyone who likes these kind of books!"
As good as it was 40 years ago
I read this to help my teenager with a book report. I didn't plan to like. It is now one of my all time favorite books. I highly recommend this book.
Still reading the book.  nowStorys told then were a lot different than they are now.
One of my favorites. Just have to pick it up and read it again every once in a while.
Great read again.
I wish I read it years ago! The characters are so well developed.
"I first read the book in the early sixties after seeing the movie and was impressed as others. Then after reading ""To Set a Watchman"" I was led to read it again."
Great!
Classic.
"This is a great read, my 2nd time since high school."
"Had read this years ago, so this was a refresher.  Excellent story."
It addresses many issues that are prevalent today and Atticus goes as far as he is capable within the confines of the community in which they live.
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is an American classic. It should be required reading for everyone."
"I don't recall reading this book in high school, although I do remember it being popular back then and I am sure some of my classmates must have had it on their reading list.  With all the buzz lately about the sequel/prequel, I thought I would read To Kill a Mockingbird.  I did enjoy it once I got into it, but felt it got off to a slow start.  I certainly appreciate that at the time the concept of treating all people with respect regardless of race must have been viewed skeptically.  Somehow, I still think we are stuck!  Good read."
will read this book again.
A true classic.
It was very descriptive and telling of the time period. All of turbochArgers were well developed and the plot was interesting.
"Unlike early reviews, I loved Atticus in both books and both were equally believable. Atticus was first and foremost a realist so it was no surprise that he was doing what he thought right in both books.I wish Harper Lee had written many more books."
This is a classic and a great read............I have re-read this book nine times and it is still exciting.  I have the movie also.
"classic, universally praised. 'nuf said"
I had a hard time getting started on this book. It turned out to be a favorite.
Great book
Of course this book is the greatest. I really enjoyed reading it again before reading Harper Lee's newest book Go Set A Watchman. What a wonderful author! Simply the best.
Always a classic.  Enjoyed it again when I reread it before reading To Set a Watchman.
It was just as good as when I read it 40years ago!
Still captivated by TKAM in my fourth read of it. Decided to reread before reading GSAW. So well written I found myself back in time and completely absorbed almost immediately. Now onto GSAW.
I enjoyed reading this book again.  It is very timely since we are still have difficulty dealing with race and predjudice.
A classic revisited..so glad I did. Now onto Go Set a Watchman.
This book doesn't need a review from me ... It's a well deserved classic. Marvelous writing.
Excellent read.
"Wonderful, story telling. I can't believe I had never read it before, all the accolades well deserved."
"I have not taken time to read, as of our correspondence.I am well pleased with the quality,and appearance."
This is my all time favorite book.  I make a point of reading it at least once a year.
"I would really like to purchase this for my trip, but I can't stand the sound of the narrator's voice."
I am in the process of rereading classics from my school days - I am in my late sixties and retired.  I am finding this adventure to be quite satisfying and enlightening.  Having a lifetime of experiences you view what might have been a chore at the time in a completely different light.  To Kill a Mockingbird could be viewed by some as racist and simplistic.  I found it a snapshot of an earlier way of life and a very sensitive vision of the development of morality.  I have not yet read Harper Lee's new book so I have no way of judging whether the critics of her prose would reflect my views. Fiction meets different needs for different people.
Loved it
"What a book, thoroughly enjoyed it.  Reread this book before reading Go Set A Watchman.  Glad I did, as I was able to compare it with the new book Go Set A Watchman and form my own opinion on each book."
"Probably the best book of the 20th century,"
"I can't believe I haven't read this book until now!  What was I waiting for? A truly great story. A true insight to the thoughts and actions of the people during the time period represented in this story, and much to my dismay an insight that still exists today.  The characters and story draw you in from the first page to the last."
No need It speaks for itself
"When I wrote an article about rereading favorite books, I had To Kill a Mockingbird in mind. My decision to reread Mockingbird was somewhat controversial, from a personal standpoint, at least. After beginning this year’s reading challenge with the expectation that I would read only new material, news of actor Jonathan Crombie’s death compelled me to revisit Anne of Green Gables. Having broken my – albeit casual – vow, reading Mockingbird still felt like a well-deserved cheat.Although the upcoming release of Harper Lee‘s second novel, Go Set a Watchman, is a great excuse to relive Scout, Jem, and Dill’s adventures in Maycomb, I didn’t pick up Mockingbird for that reason. I’m tutoring a rising 9th grader in English and mathematics, and Mockingbird was one of the four texts I selected for us to examine. So I dove back into it.Reading about Maycomb is a lot like coming home. Granted, I grew up more than 60 years and 400 miles away from Lee’s home in Monroeville, but the small town politics, racism, and classism are still familiar. I imagine that Scout Finch’s life would have been my life, had my brothers been young enough to play with me in the same capacity as Jem and Dill. She has always been a favorite character, and I hope that, by the time of Watchman, she’s cast off her internalized misogyny.Mockingbird isn’t a book that gets better or worse with age, though experience does afford adults a capacity to access and understand the novel in ways high school freshmen cannot. There are no great revelations to be found, at least not with one measly decade between readings. The solid, humorous prose is still there, and none of the adventures have disappeared. Here is Jem being shot at, and there are Dill’s wild claims, and then, “Hey, Boo.”This, perhaps, makes now – before you read Watchman – the perfect time to reread Mockingbird. Lee’s first novel is the comfortable garment you slip on after a long day. Your back hurts, your feet hurt, and all you want is the comfort and familiarity of books, blankets, and tea in your home. This is a novel to recharge you, to refresh your emotional palette and make room for new arrivals.It’s difficult to imagine talking to an audience that has not read Mockingbird, but I understand that’s entirely possible. If this is you, I strongly encourage you to buy the cheapest copy of this book than you can find. Buy it, and read it, then do whatever you like with it. You can burn it, you can eat it, you can even throw it at me (no hardcovers, please). I care much less about what you do with the book, or even how you feel about it, than I do about the fact that you have read it as an adult. Not much in Mockingbird will have changed, but you’ll be surprised how much you have."
"I read this this so long ago, I had forgotten how wonderful it was.  I just re-read and was transported back to that time and place. I wept, I laughed, I marveled at how Lee perfectly captured a time at once shameful and hopeful. Hopeful because of the enduring spirit and character of Scout, Jem and Atticus. I will definitely read Go Set a Watchman, knowing it paved the way for its remarkable successor."
"I loved the way the author developed the characters,I felt like I new them personally. Being from a very small town in Alabama I could relate to the children and the way of life. I could also relate to the racial injustice of that era."
Wanted to read this classic again with the publishing of her new novel 50 years later.  It lures you on to keep reading.  I'll see how her new one compares.
I can see why this book is a classic and has stood the test of time.  The plot is heart wrenching and gripping.  The story moves at a good pace and the suspense is heavy.....could not wait to see the results of the trial and story.  Very enjoyable.
"It's not a perfect book, but it perfectly epitomizes the South during the 1930s."
"An extremely good book. I had read it tears ago, but read it this time after reading ""Go Set a Watchman"""
"Absolutely brilliant.  A picture of the difficulties of growing up in the south in the first half of the 20th century.  So much wasted hate, at the same time strength to go on and survive in great poverty.  One of the best books ever written"
This book got me hooked I love it!! I had to read it for a class but it didn't feel like work I really injoyed this novel
So well written and well though out sorry I didn't read it many years ago. .
"I have always loved, the movie, and the book is just as awesome very good reading and should be school required reading"
A good book.
"I can't believe I had never read this book.  This is a true masterpiece. It reveals so many different kinds of prejudices -- and how harmful and mean they can be.  Race, age, financial position, social position, education!  A must read!"
"I had read this many, many years ago and wanted to re-read it before reading the new book.  This is an excellent story with many good lessons and well worth reading and re-reading.  I have not read the new one yet - that's next!  I can see why this book won the Pulitzer Prize."
Didn't always understand the hick words that were used. So far a much better book then the 2nd one.
Don't know why I waited so long to read this wonderful book.  Truly a masterpiece from an incredible storyteller. Thank you Ms. Harper Lee.
A great American Classic! Enjoyed yet again.
I read Go Set a Watchman and reread To kill a Mocking Bird  Both books are well worth the time reading and reading in this sequence.
A great story told about a much simpler time in the south where racial prejudice leads to the incarceration of a Afro- American for allegedLy raping a white woman. Unfortunately the end is not what you expect.
This book came in just time for my teenager to get his summer reading in before school starts. Thanks
This is an age old classic I enjoyed reading again after so any years.  It is written to hold your interest and to enlighten a person about an era in our history.
A profound statement on humanity
How do you not love this book?
excellent reading
Perfect condition!
A must read classic!
Keepsake
I have been rereading and teaching this novel for over 20 years.  One of my favorite classics.
Amazing classic. So glad I read it again. So much truth and integrity shown in this book. A must read for all young adults.
"Have never read this before (I know... shame on me.... saw the Gregory Peck movie though). Thoroughly enjoyed this book and it's exploration of Southern American social nuances. Nothing left to say, except lament the change from seeing the world through a child's eyes to an 'adults'"
Shipped promptly. Good quality.
classic
Told like it was.
Great read!
"I enjoyed the characters in this book very much. The young Scout was easier to understand as was the younger Atticus. I am comparing the characters to the characters in Go Set A Watchman. ""Mockingbird"" is much more of a ""story"" and an enjoyable read. It helps that there was a movie of ""Mockingbird"". In the movie you can see the courtroom scenes and get a feel for the characters in their individual situations."
"I love this book.  I finished it days ago, and I am still discussing it with others.  Now I must see the movie to see how close they came to the real deal.  I will probably read this again in a couple years. It was just that good."
"I really identified with the characters and got excited, sad, and angry with the bigoted hypocrisy that the author unpeeled as the story unfolded. Little wonder the book is held in such high regard."
This is a book that gets better with time and I cannot  wait to read her new book Go set a Watchman!
reminds me of high school.
Great book for everyone to read.  I use this in my Freshman ENG/ELD class.
A delight to read.
"Great literature in a reader friendly story. Besides that, a must read for all. Taken place in the sixties, relevant for every decade."
A great story...I enjoyed it as much this time at this age as I did almost 50 years ago as a teenager.
Great story! It was hard to put the book down.
This book was AWESOME. A classic that is worth reading more than once.
"Really disappointed, thought I was getting a hardback!"
"I had seen the movie and read the book long ago.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading it now, as I had forgotten so much.  Well worth the read."
I have always loved this book!  So classic!  Re read it in preparation for Go Set A Watchman.  Enjoyed it just as much this time.
On page 80 and so far can't get into the storyline.
This book has it all and Ms. Lee could not have done a better job of capturing the essence of this growing period! A must read for all!
Loved it
The book was well written.  I look forward to getting her new book this summer.
An excellent classic that I read for the first time.
Good book
What a wonderful.  It engaged me from the first page to the last.  Parts of the story were sad but the book is wonderfully written and I loved Scout and her family.  I should have read it years ago.
Awesome . Was my second read and so much better the second time the second time.
"This is a wonderful story about ""real"" people.  I read this several years ago. The other book is great. too."
"As expected, thanks!"
Its a classic must read which is why I read it. I won't comment on the story since it's a well known book.Very well written in terms of flow from one idea to the next. As a reader I never felt lost or uncomfortable and rather enjoyed being taken on a well crafted ride through the lives and happenings of the characters of the story. Some people may be unhappy with the pace of things in the story but then again I think its part of the charm of the writing as well.
Great reading today just as it was when it was first published!
"Reflections on Harper Lee’s novels - Spoiler alert, if you have not read these books and do not want the plots spoiled, I will spoil them here.Well, I chose to read Harper Lee’s works in chronological order. I think I made the right choice. It was good to have Scout’s childish perspective and focus on a certain life-defining episode of her youth as the background for Jean Louise’s coming of age story.Harper Lee took a few pages of her first work and turned them into a compelling, fully fleshed out story of childhood innocence disturbed by subtle yet turbulent reality. The account of childhood in small town Alabama with the underlying racial and social tensions puts us there, in the middle of this placid surface, this languid recounting of summer play and childhood imaginations ruled by the somewhat abstract, quite benevolent and highly principled Atticus Finch.The Maycomb of “To Kill a Mockingbird” is a tightly controlled universe where everyone knows their place. We accept the dictums of the time. The blacks live where they live, the white trash are just that but they are not all evil, and the servants, as seen through the eyes of the child, are there to serve but also to police and mete out reprimands or sage advice as needed. There is the required crazy person that must be present in every Southern novel. And, somewhere, in the very vague background are the local politics which will intrude in the idyllic, drowsy pace of life.Of course, the idealization of Maycomb, of its inhabitants, of the unimpeachable Atticus, rest on that childish platform. If we look at it from the perspective of “Go Set A Watchman” we can see that this view of Maycomb as a place of seeming harmony, with well working social structures - this view of Atticus as a paragon of virtue and integrity - could not survive the sober scrutiny of adulthood intact.I can see why Mockingbird is such a beloved novel – in simple terms it is about doing the right thing even if you know you can’t win or change the world. This is the lesson. Atticus defends the black man accused of rape, stands up to the lynch mob, and forces his children to take insults with dignity. Wow, daddy is Gregory Peck at his best.And yet, very subtly, the image starts to blur. It is almost like you can see the palimpsest of Watchman in Mockingbird. Atticus Finch holds a seat in the Alabama State Legislature to which he is constantly reelected. Would he have the support of his constituents if he did not uphold the status quo? He is assigned the Robinson case, he did not ask for it. He goes along with his sister’s prohibition of the children going to a black church. He tolerates the racism of others. He jokes with Scout that if women served on juries, trials would never end. Ultimately, he goes along with not investigating a murder.Fast-forward, or rewind, to the Watchman universe- Jean Louise (formerly known as Scout) has graduated from college, is living in New York and comes home for her yearly visit. What do we learn right away? Her father is suffering from rheumatoid arthritis and cannot pick her up because he can’t drive to the train station. He relies on her boyfriend, an up-and-coming lawyer who has become like a son to him for day to day work. He is somewhat henpecked, somewhat tolerant of his sister’s control of the household and we soon learn that she is there because he needs her to take care of him.Then we have the town of Maycomb, where the tensions are no longer simmering, they are at the forefront of activity. The white folks are pissed off about desegregation, the black folks are openly showing their distrust, the Citizens Council is hosting the Klan, and the boyfriend is deemed trash by the social powers that be.From the moment that Hank picks her up we understand that she is seeing her hometown with different eyes - with eyes that have been cleansed of childhood cobwebs. Still, she is in denial about the one constant in her life. She thinks Atticus is in better shape than he actually is. She very slowly starts to come to grips with his frailties as she observes how his rheumatoid arthritis keeps him from doing simple things like tying his shoe laces, and also makes him dependent on others for rides to work. This coming to terms with his physical limitations is well crafted. It leads perfectly into the moment when, sitting in the same courtroom gallery where, at the age of six, she watched Atticus defend a black man because it was the right thing to do, she now watches him join forces with the height of Maycomb’s racist establishment. The stage where he became her guiding light, her moral compass, is the stage where he falls from grace. As she watches him introduce the speaker from the Klan, shake his hand, and offer him a platform to share his views, the scaffolding that has held Atticus up for the past 20 years comes tumbling down.Jean Louise’s reaction is extreme; all is lost and she no longer has her rock. Her hero plunges off the pedestal. Up until this point, the narrative is solid, if somewhat predictable. She confronts her father and falls apart. She wonders what, if anything, about her life is true. She sees Atticus as a racist and feels deceived. The confrontation is realistic. He is who he always was and he knows that she needs to come to terms with it. As Atticus, the perfect Southern gentleman, would, he is gracious and understanding while, at the same time, completely comfortable with his world view. The blacks are backwards children who should trust good white men like him to make the world a better place for them. He and his peers know what’s best. Jean Louise feels betrayed and goes on a rampage of blame. Can a visit to her childhood maid set things right? During this visit, where she is treated politely but given no trust or warmth, Jean Louise finally realizes that her childhood memories veer into the realm of fantasy.The rest of the novel is a mad dash through denial, acceptance, self-awareness and absolution. Atticus emerges once again as the paragon of parenthood. He is proud that she has become her own person and not just a follower of Atticus. Jean Louise realizes that she is still part of the system she abhors and makes peace with her role in the drama of racial relations in Maycomb. In the end, she realizes the status quo is a bad thing but, what are you going to do?This is the part of Watchman which would have benefitted from careful and thoughtful editing. It is too rushed. A scene where she visits her uncle for a session of gnashing of teeth and pointing of fingers reads like a something out of a cheap melodrama leading to the clichéd “slap this woman so she will cease her hysterics” moment. This is followed in quick succession by the scene in which Atticus is proud of his daughter for becoming her own person and she realizes he is still her hero.I am saddened by two missed opportunities in these last few chapters.This is a coming of age novel where the heroine must lose her childhood innocence, realize that her father is not perfect, separate herself from him and become her own person who must somehow reconcile her idealized parent with the real human being. In Mockingbird the ground is laid for this process to take center stage. The loving attention to Scout’s inner landscape is missing for Watchman’s Jean Louise. I personally feel that the process of seeing the feet of clay and learning how to love your imperfect parent, while setting different standards for becoming the best person you can, is an amazing and fulfilling process. It can lead to a rewarding and loving adult relationship with that very important person in your life. It paves the way for learning how to develop mature and satisfying relationships with your lover/spouse/mate. It creates a blueprint for building positive relationships with your children. I feel that Harper Lee could have written that if she had had some good guidance.Another missed opportunity is the one to explore how a person who is working through their own racism can live in a racist society. Ursula K. Le Guin explains this beautifully in her review of Watchman. For me, these are the important questions - How do you love people who are racist? Where do you draw the line? Will you live in a state of constant confrontation or will you let some things go? Is this right or moral? Where are you willing to compromise your values? Can you fit in and still hold your principles? Are you ashamed of your loved ones? Can you be a teacher and a guide without alienating them? Can you serve a higher purpose while maintaining your affiliation? When do you call it quits?  How do you love the victims of racism? Can you be truly their ally without becoming their “savior”? Can you ever see them as they want to be seen or respected as they should be respected? Can they truly love you? Are we deluding ourselves when we think that our servants, nannies, maids, could love us while they left their children behind, while making the difficult choice required to put food in their mouths? Could they stop themselves from loving the innocent child who will eventually become their oppressor?This exploration could have been the lesson of this novel. I wish the original editors had asked Harper Lee to write both novels, I wish the original editors had taken the time and effort to work Watchman to its potential. I wish we had seen Harper Lee’s tremendous talent truly applied to a novel that could have taught us so much. That said, I do not regret having Watchman in my literary universe. The ideas, the passions, the archetypes, haunt me. This novel offered me some space for reflection and introspection. I can truly recommend it."
This book is even better and more meaningful as I read it as an adult
"One of the greatest novels ever written.. For a young girl growing up in the South, it is a must st read.."
Excellent book for anyone to read.
a classic
Always a good read.
Had to read it before I start the new one.  I forgot some of the things that happened when I watched it years ago....
Wonderful characters!!
Just as awesome the third time read as the first time.
A timeless classic. Worth a re-visit every year or two!
Not sure why so many high schools consider this a must-read. There are many more modern options with better life lessons and a more engaging plot...Divergent is one example.
I am over 50 and had never read this book. I chose it because of the hubbub created by the release of the newly discovered novel by Harper Lee. This is a fabulous story and I loved the voice of Scout. Such wonderful writing only compliments the story.
"In light of the fact that the long lost first version of this story is coming out, I have decided to sit down and reread this book. I am so glad I did. What a joy to read, it was like revisiting an old friend. I had the opportunity to refresh my memory in the funny parts and the sad parts and the brave parts and the scary parts.I have always associated this book with the trail and the story of the father defending a black man. This must come from my vague memories of watching the movie in the classroom.However, I realized that I missed this whole 'nother story' of the Boo Radley and Jem and Scout. This sub story really brought home the feel of small town southern life with the fear of the house and the man in the house because he's not known, like everything else around them.Additionally, the details that you can read about in the book that make things seem more real or believable stuck out at me. The flowers in the corner of the lot were Mayelle lives brings home the misery of the small home she lives in and makes everything all that more understandable in some sad way. Dill with his stories of life 'back home' helps bring home how really lucky Jem and Scout are with their father. And many other countless examples.It is things like this that made this book a classic and have kept it a classic. It is the great writing and the story told through Scout's eyes that bring it all together to make this the book that brought home the times and the culture to a nation (and now a generation) who might never have otherwise seen it.Well worth the money and well worth reading and rereading."
Harper Lee unveils things too sad for words. And Scout is irresistible.I waited thirty years too long to read it.
Great book
A powerful classic
Awesome classic! Will never be out of style!
It was a reread to refresh my memory of it.  Just read her newly published book .  Both are excellent.
I've read it before and wanted to refresh my memory. I wanted to read the sequel .
An old favorite.
I loved the book! I have seen the movie several times but the book is great! Would recommend it to everyone!
"Great read! Loved the characters:Scout, Calpurniia Hem and Atticus.  Read this before Go Set a Watchman."
Got here earlier than promised and beautifully wrapped. Well priced as well.
Now I know why this won so many awards! It was amazing…..well done!
"The book was a gift, so I really don't know about the violence, etc."
Great book
This book has lost nothing to the years.  A classic I want my grandchildren to read.  I loved it and am looking forward to rewatching the movie.
"I had read this year's ago but wanted a copy to go with the ""Watchman"" novel I just purchased."
Wonderful story.
"Good piece of literature from a racist, dark time in our history.  Hopefully we can learn from (it)."
One of my favorite books of all time.
Wonderful classic!  So well written.
Fantastic.
This book and the sequel (prequel) were quite thought provoking.........I enjoyed both and they were a quick read.
"Not only a wonderful story, but one that needs to be retold over & over again during these days of racial division ."
"I first read this book as a senior in high school. I am now reading it as a senior citizen. I have seen the movie numerous times. Harper Lee using Scout as the narrator was a genius decision. It so captures a child's view point. It was the only way it should have been told. It captures the period of time with the racial issues that unfortunately are still ongoing in this country. I will reread it again. My book club is reading both of Harper Lee's books for discussion next month. I am anxious to read ""Go Set A Watchman,"""
What a good book!
"This is the first time I've read this since high school. As a teenage, I remember that I did not enjoy this book at all. Twenty years later, my reread found it to be absolutely wonderful. So good, in fact, that i has fallen into my favorite pile. I think that many classics we found unpalatable as high school students should be given another chance as adults. I can't believe how much I LOVED this book."
Loved it. A real feel-good book.
I read this book in high school and I think it was a big mistake. When forced to read this book as an adolescent I didn't take in all the lessons and wisdom. Maybe I took them in subconsciously. I hope I did. Reading it a second time was amazing and I loved it. What a great book with so many observations about the world.
"Loved this book. At first I thought it would be boring which for some it could be but not for me. Fell in love with Scout, my very favorite character. Love the way Aticus raised his children which was unheard of in that era."
Great reading it as an adult and remembering how I was made to read it in class. A true gripping story even though knowing the ending.
"Loved the book!! Read it in just 3 days and enjoyed reading it thru a child's eyes, as an adult. Very well written and a must for everyone's read list!!"
I liked the strong character of Atticus and his trust of human life.  I liked his way of being a good father.  The author had a wonderful of keeping Boo throughout the book and bringing him to being the hero in the end.
One of the best--so is the movie with Gregory Peck!!!!!
Such a classic. Rereading it after 50 years.
"A novel of the deep affection and understanding of Atticus Finch and his motherless children, Jem and Scout. With gentle yet sometimes acerbic wit, it highlights the deeply-rooted racism in early 20th century Alabama and the efforts of Atticus to see justice done."
"English is not my motherlanguage, but I had much joy reading this beautiful novel. I felt the deep south reading it."
Harper Lee has an excellent writing style that held me captive throughout the reading.  Next up is Go Set a Watchman.  Can't wait to get started on this one!  To think it was written first -- interesting.
I had read this book before when I was younger. It is still wonderful and deserved the Pulitzer Prize
"I don't like the quality of the pages of the book, a very disappointing product. I live in Paraguay so I can't send it back. First time Amazon fail to me."
Well written
Loved it.
The writing was very down to earth and I enjoyed viewing the world through the eyes of childhood again!
"I am so glad I took the time to read this book again. I originally read it in school as an assignment. Now that I'm older and (hopefully) wiser, I was able to get so much more out of this book.  Harper Lee has a brilliant talent for making you empathize with the characters and draws several different emotions from you throughout the story. I definitely recommend this book."
I received a paperback and it was in very good shape for being a used book.  The story is told through the eyes of Scout the daughter of Atticus Finch.  Easy read.
Just as beautifully written and as good  a read today as it was over fifty years ago when I first read it.
This is my favourite book. Each time I read it I find something new. I would recommend this book to everyone!
This is one of the best novels ever written.  I've read it again and again over the course of my life and I've never tired of it.
I think the book handled the sentiment of that time quite well.
"I love this story, I hate the way Amazon tries to steer my review."
"It's a time honored phrase that ""a soufflé only rises once."" As soon as I saw the time frame of ""Watchman,"" 1955, I knew there would be reverberations from the 1954 Supreme Court ruling on ""Brown Vs. Board of Ed,"" which opened a new and often violent chapter in the Civil Rights movement. Jean Louise Finch (Scout) has been exposed to ""Northerners,"" coming home to Alabama from a New York City job. She's no longer a provincial young woman, but still one with the heart of a '50s liberal. And therein lies the rub, going up against the Jim Crow mentality. In the end Jean Louise has to accept her father's membership in the Citizens Council, said to be a buffer between the populace and the Klan. Atticus maintains that he's on the council as a ""Watchman,"" to monitor what they're up to. It's true that Atticus' character looses some of the heroic luster of ""Mockingbird"" but it's also a testament of how white people in the south at that time were raised. It was an interesting read knowing that it's publication rode the proverbial wave of Harper Lee's memorable Pulitzer novel."
"Beautifully written, intelligent & thought provoking."
Great classic - reading again.
Read it over 50 years ago and it still Is a classic! Superbly written Miss Harper Lee.
Hard to keep interested
"Good moral character and excellent parenting portrayed.  Some parts turned out different than I would have liked, but that's the way life is.  I will  be reading her other one  ""The Watchman on the Wall""  I think that's it's title."
This book has always been a great read and a life lesson about our humanity.
Good read!  Well ahead of it' s time...
Almost better than first time I read it!
I enjoyed this book.  I reread it so that it would be fresh in my mind when I read the new Harper Lee Watchman book using the same characters.
"This is a great book, everyone should read it.  Scout and Jem are hilarious, Atticus a wonderful man and lawyer.  After watching the movie many times I was just as enthralled.  Just finished Go Set a Watchman, also very good."
"The first time I read this was in early high school, after I saw the movie; then again in college. Having just reread ""Too Kill A Mockingbird"" as an older adult, I am still struck by the beauty of Harper Lee's writing. Deceptively simple, with much humor, yet with that underlying trepidation that children can carry around, there's many reasons why this is The American Classic. And now, in this age of Ferguson, Charleston, in almost every State where racial hatred and bias rears it's ugly head, this timeless classic still speaks volumes about America's own ""Troubles."""
Excellent!
Love it
One of the finest books of all time.
"Exceptional book that deserves all the fame it has received. So very well written that the vocabulary kept me, an English teacher, on my toes. Love it and think people should read it at various ages in their lives."
excellent book!!
had never read the book before - only saw the movie.  I always enjoy reading a book over just seeing the movie.  Enjoyed it.
very interesting and learning about the south
A great read
"“I never deliberately learned to read……..Now that I was compelled to think about it, reading was something that just came to me, as learning to fasten the seat of my union suit without looking around, or achieving two bows from a snarl of shoelaces. I could not remember when the line above Atticus’s moving finger separated into words, but I had stared at them all the evenings in my memory, listening to the news of the day, Bills To Be Enacted into Laws, the diaries of Lorenzo Day - anything Atticus happened to be reading when I crawled into his lap every night. Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.”To Kill a Mockingbird is the first published novel by American author, Harper Lee. Almost-nine-year-old Scout (Jean Louise) Finch had never set eyes on her reclusive neighbour, Boo (Arthur) Radley, until the night of Halloween, 1935. To Scout, her almost-thirteen-year-old brother, Jem (Jeremy Atticus Finch) and their summer vacation friend, Dill (Charles Parker Harris), Boo Radley was an almost mythical creature who remained hidden in the Radley house and was the subject of much childhood speculation. Their fascination was frowned upon by their father, Atticus, a lawyer elected to the state legislature.When Atticus took on the defence of a black man, he warned his children that some unpleasantness could well be the result. This was, after all, Alabama, and attitudes to race and class were strongly prejudiced, but what happened after the verdict was beyond anyone’s expectations.Lee’s telling of events from Scout’s point of view gives the reader a unique perspective that includes much humour as Scout, Jem and Dill learn life’s lessons. The Finch’s black housekeeper, Calpurnia, their neighbour, Miss Maudie Atkinson, their Aunt Alexandra, Atticus, and even Jem are given words of wisdom that will resonate today as they did when the book was first published: “People in their right minds never take pride in their talents” and “You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view – until you climb into his skin and walk around in it” are but two examples.Lee’s book deserves multiple readings: each pass through will reveal new delights. Truman Capote’s description: “A touching book; and so funny, so likeable” is wholly apt. Unforgettable."
"Harper Lee has revealed a glimpse of the 1940s Southern values and beliefs through the eyes of a child and how deeply held those beliefs are. Today, it would not be considered politically correct, but it demonstrates how racial prejudices dictated the laws that governed this country and the role of each member of society."
Brilliant...looking forward to the next one..!
"I bought and read this book at the release of the new book Go set a Watchman, thinking I should read the first book initially. At the age of 72 over the years I read various reviews of this book and looked at it as some kind of classic and never read it previously as thought it would be to elevated for me. However on reading it found it to be alike to Tom Sawyer and just saw it as an every day story of a small town. What a person (Myself Included) is to note that tis story was written 50 years ago when the world was a different place and thus a person has to take that inot account. I did enjoy it for its story and bringing an account of small town life in those days"
Enjoyed it again!
"I had never read this book and I ordered both Harper books at the same time and read this one first. I did not like the way the book ended, buT I have no doubt this was the way the world lived during those times.  Unfortunately, there are a lot of people who still live like that today.  I'm glad I read this one first before reading the Watchman book.  I enjoyed the second story better, however I don't think it will have the same impact as the first one did."
"Worth reading because of its place in popular culture. As a work of literature however it has a few flaws, chiefly among them Scout Finch's narrative, which should be the narrative of an eight-year old but alternates in tone from that of a child to an adolescent to reflections of an adult recalling past events. Also, the book's portrayal of the society of a small town in the deep south is sometimes insightful but also often weighed down by scenes intended to be comical but which are too commonplace and stereotypical to be really humorous. I can't remember which fellow southern writer it was who said that To Kill a Mockingbird is misunderstood as a book and would be better classified as a book for  young people. I agree with that assessment. The book's popularity on school reading lists in the US also appears to confirm the accuracy of that assessment. In the classroom I'm sure it's an effective tool to promote discussion and raise awareness about the book's main themes, like civil courage and the evils of racial discrimination."
Reread it before attempting her other book...just to refresh my memory..last read it in high school. Saw the movie but wanted to reread the actual novel.
"I loved this book, and I don't understand why I hadn't read it before. This is one of the best books I know about segregation. The story is catching all the way long, the characters are interesting, the book tells much without forcing the main topic on the reader."
classic
This is second read. Read it in high school but after second book was released thought I would read the first to refresh before I read Go Set A Watchman.  To Kill A Mocking Bird was better the second time around. I had a greater appreciation for the book this read as it was not assigned and older. This is a great book. Books like this are not written anymore.
"It's no secret to anyone that this is a great book. Harper Lee may or may not be Scout, but she knows how to tell this story.I feel it helps me understand some of the thinking of that time...at least in this one town. Hopefully we have learned from things like this book where Harper Lee writes so well about the people in it."
"No wonder it's a classic. Great writing, great insights into people of all ages and stations in life."
"I reread this after reading ""go set a watchman""  which I was very disappointed in.  The original editors were right about Watchman, and To Kill a mockingbird stands as a great classic"
Best book I've ever read.
I have read this several times and always find something new that I have forgotten.  Maybe age difference changes how I feel about things.
"Classic that is consistent with its well deserved accolades. Read it again after fifty years prior to reading Harper Lee's recently discovered and now published ""Go Set A Watchman."""
Great book!
great book i read the book a long time ago i still enjoyed it.
"I rated this book 4 instead of 5 because the sequel, go set a watchman, is much better. Both will live to showcase an era in time that no history book will ever do."
"Extraordinary story of those years, very true to the times, Lee handled it with sensitivity and honesty. I would give her the Pulitzer."
Classic
This story gives an honest insight into the old south and to the attitudes of southern whites regarding blacks. I'm 74 and I spent some time in the south in 1951 so I know of what I speak.
"Classic story of growing up in the Deep South during the Depression and dealing with racial injustice.  I had never read this book before and only seen the movie once, but when ""Go Set a Watchman"" came out this summer, it sparked my desire to read it.  I'm really glad I did.  I can understand why the book is so beloved and has been such a powerful influence over the decades. Harper Lee's storytelling and characterizations are spellbinding, and so is the beauty of her writing. I just started reading ""Go Set a Watchman"" a few days ago after finishing this and I am enjoying it too.  I can only imagine how it must feel for someone who has read and reread this book over the years to finally learn what happens to the characters as they grow older."
Classic story
hadn't read it in years & forgot how good it was
Very enjoyable.  Better than an excellent movie
It's a good read but not as good as To kill a mockingbird. I'm not going to push my friends into reading it. But I am glad I read it. Puts a whole new perspective on the story.
This is still a classic novel worth reading again.
I grew up in the world she did and found both her  books described my experience like looking in a mirror.  Must read for anyone who wants to feel the southern way of life. She wrote like the group ALABAMA sang.
Just below five stars. It was my third reading of a book I love.
Great book and story
Better every time that I read it.
A remarkable depiction of southern mindset.  Invoked a cruel realization that things haven't changed much now
"Although a story regarding racial justice occurring in the rural south during the great depression years, things haven't changed a great deal in much of modern America!"
Was very disappointed in the very famous book and had trouble staying with nearly400 pages as the children's dialog got way to detailed and repetitious.  Hard also to connect some of the dots.
Good
This classic lived up to it's billing.
"A classic, of course!"
great read. bought for my son
This edition of To Kill a Mockingbird worked out very well. It was a gift for rather bookish person who will appreciate the additional details.
"After reading ""Watchman""( which was just okay) I decided to reread ""Mockingbird"" which I read when I was in high school(eons ago).  I enjoyed it thoroughly!!  Both the writing and the story are BEAUTUFUL!!!  I highly recommend re-reading it!"
"This is a book that I have read and reread several times.  My mother, who recently passed away, taught this book for years as a high school English teacher and it was her favorite novel.  So when the publishers sponsored a read-along of the novel, I took part with a close friend who was also a former student of my mother's.There is no question that this novel is the epitome of the ""Great American Novel,"" beloved by so many.  The social issues contained within its pages are important.  They were important during the time of the novel's story, and they are important today.  Yet, while I appreciate all of the things about this novel that have given it the prominence it has within American literature, it has never been one of my favorites.In part, this is because of the characters.  One one hand, I enjoy that the characters, although many are rather disagreeable, are representative of people we all know.  They were developed as real people, flaws and all.  But on the other hand, I feel like many of the characters are rather flat.  Calpurnia was the black maid who accepts that her race dictates her place in life.  Tom is the innocent black man accused of wrongdoing.  Jem is the boy caught between childhood and adulthood.  Scout is the precocious little girl.  Boo is the mysterious eccentric who turns out to be kindly.  Attitcus is the good father who fights for justice.  There are the prerequisite racists.  All of these are surface characterizations and there just didn't seem to much depth beyond fitting the characters into almost archetypal roles.  But this is a matter of personal taste, I think.  I simply enjoy more character-driven stories.My Recommendation:  My issues aside, this is still a piece that should be read by everyone!  I gave it 3.5 mugs."
I AM LOVIING RE-READING THIS CLASSIC BEFORE I START GO SET A WATCHMAN. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK
"To Kill a Mockingbird begins with a 6 year old girl nicknamed Scout, whose greatest concern is summer freedom and games with her brother and the neighbor boy Dill, especially attempting to coax her reclusive neighbor, “Boo” Radley, out of his home. Her father Atticus is a well-educated, kind lawyer who honestly answers any questions the children have about life, much to the dismay of his poised, lady-like sister, Alexandra, always at odds with her niece’s tomboy ways. As a result, both children have very adult vocabularies, yet still maintain unique, childish perspectives on the adversities that will befall their small town, especially when their father has to defend a black man in 1930’s small-town Alabama. With many layers of brilliant metaphors, this novel redefines prejudices and contrasts, through the eyes of children, the barriers that ignorant or fearful adults can create. To Kill a Mockingbird will make you reevaluate your beliefs and their roots, and even spur you to look for trinkets that may have been left in knotted trees.For a themed recipe and drink, other recommendations, and discussion questions, visit: http://amandaleitch.hubpages.com/hub/To-Kill-a-Mockingbird-Harper-Lee"
Just reread this American classic for the first time in about 35 years.  I loved it and couldn't put it down.  I think all American should read this poignant and eloquent novel.  Now I am reading Go Set A Watchman by Harper Lee.
"It is very different from the way I remember the movie. I would like to see the movie again. I wanted to read this book because I had just read ""Go Set a Watchman"""
"It is a magnificent story, told from a child. It is filled with truth about the times."
"An old goodie that I wanted to read again since the announcement of the ""new"" book.  It was a pleasure and a wonderful insight into the times.  Makes one think about the present times, too."
"A very spellbinding,  believable, eye-opening  and encouraging story with masterfully painted characters."
one of best books ever written.  Don't miss it and have your children read it before they are required to do so in schol
Good book!
Better the first time I read it
"Book and service great, how treated employees poor"
Loved the book. It was my 2nd time reading it. You can't just watch the movie because it leaves out
Love!
"Great Story, Great Book, Great price!"
Wonderful book!  Love the new cover!
"This is an interesting book.  I didn't remember the ending which might have been from the movie.  It is well worth reading again and again.I am trying to read Harper Lee's book that has just been released, but I have it on Kindle and I can't seem to get it right."
I thought I'd better retread this book before starting her new book. it's a wonderful read with a strong message. It's the world of Alabama seen through the eyes of a young girl called Scout.I couldn't put this one down.
"Read this many years ago and It was wonderful to re read it. I loved this book,"
"It was interesting to view the world through the eyes of a child.  It be hooves us to listen more carefully to children and their observations of events, unmuddled by adult bias."
"One of the best writers of the 20th Century.  There is a true and honest voice here without being predictable or preachy.  Shows nostalgia while steadily trodding through a difficult subject of the racial and cultural divide during that time frame.  Wonderful characters who make you want to laugh, cry, and stand up to fight for what is right.  Great book and great movie.  One does not detract from the other, a rare statement about the making of books into film."
not finished yet
"This is an excellent book, really a must read!!"
"CLASSIC, GREAT STORY!"
Excellent book everyone should read
Just a delightful read!
What can I say. It's To Kill a Mockingbird!
Great novel!
"DIFFICULT TO READ BECAUSE OF THE SLANG, AND I'M NOT A NATIVE IN ENGLISH. BUT IT WAS AN ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE"
Harper Lee has to be one of the most insightful and clear story tellers which I have read. Immediately we are drawn into the world of Southern USA at a time when awareness and changes were taking place. I loved this book even more now than I did in my first reading as a teenager. This time I am able to see the impact which it had on me at the earlier reading and how it has helped to shape me and guide me into who I am today.
Very interesting book.....a good read for 12 years old and up!
Still a timeless classic. It gets better every time I read it.
"I read this 40 years ago in high school, re-read it last month before beginning ""To Set a Watchman""."
Very good read.
"Excellent story,never got around to reading it when it first came out.Now at the age of 82 I thought it was delightful especially being told through the eyes of a child and her grasp of situations."
"I last read this book more than 50 years ago but with all the recent publicity about it, I thought I must see what all the fuss was about. I am so glad I did.  This book is such a good read on many levels such as plot, characters, insight into the thinking of a small town in Alabama in the 30's. That it is written from the point of view of a small girl, Scout, means that Harper Lee's observations - on race, 'odd' people, smug society, puberty, sole parenthood, for example - are all the more compelling coming from the mouth of an innocent eight year old. The outcome for Tom Robinson, the black man accused of raping a white-trash girl, is inevitable but is unputdownable (if that's a word.) Atticus, Scout's father, is forward thinking in his parenting of his children - seeing them as beings worthy of respect and consideration. Sadly, reading about the recently-discovered book ""Go Set A Watchman"" about a much older Atticus, I will not read it - it sounds like a betrayal of him."
"As for book review, I read this for school class required material years ago.  It is a very good representative writing and cultural material.  Writing is a bit shallow for classic literature material for school; may be that is why it is on the high school reading list.  3 stars should be ok for this part of review.Now I am buying this for my child.  As for reviewing for the value, ebook is 9.99, paper back 4.99 free shipping, used paper back 4.00 including shipping in Amazon, not to mention used ones in _bay.  I thought the kindle book is way over value, not mentioning missing parts in the book as in some complains in the reviews.  I am going to sell the kindle.  Enjoy."
loved the book.  the follow up book notso good.
"I hadn't read this since high school - on the re-read, I loved it even more than I remembered. This is an extremely powerful and well-written book."
"Really good, but doesn't tackle the full dimensions of the tragedy of racism in the South at the time. It's ultimately reassuring."
"I've heard of this book for most of my life, but never read it till now.  Why did I wait so long.  Very entertaining reading.  Hard to put down."
As a child I remember the way black people were treated. Thank God times are getting better for them. The book gave me nostalgic memories.
"I never had to read this book in High School or College so I was able to read it as a novel, not as an assignment. I was hooked. Can't wait to read the second one."
Wonderful book....page turner big time.  If you have never read it...you need to.  The movie was good but cannot capture all the feelings so well expressed by this special writer.
great book.
I don't know what I can say that has not already been said by so many.  If you haven't read this or even if you have it is certainly worth reading again.
I purchased the kindle book to read this for the 5th time.  A wonderful book.
Loved it.
"I good story about what it was like in the South during the 1930's. An excellent example how the lie of a white person from any class has, over the word of a black person."
"This is a title which has been on my list for years and with all the excitement around Go Set The Watchmen, I wanted to read this first. And based on all the news coming out about Lee's 'second novel"", I probably won't read it unless I want to dive deeper into the process of creating TKAM.The perspective of Scout gives the reader a view which is honest and not too tainted by society, adds humor adults would not see in certain moments (or it wouldn't be ""proper""), and there is so much heart in the relationships of the Finich's."
"It is truly deserving of the accolades it has received since first published. Seeing a small town through the eyes of a child is wonderful, and thought provoking."
"The book was amazing. It was beautifully written and the chapters were long, which I really like. The beginning was over long and it took a lot of time to get the story going bet it was great."
This is a great book. Simple but profound. It may seem a little predictable today but it must have been a great piece of work in its time. Well worth reading
I just LOVED the way the book was written.  It was so fascinating and brilliant.  I would recommend this book to everyone.  I choose this rating because this book had a great lesson.
A classic everyone should read.
"I read this book probably 50 years ago, but wanted to reread it before purchasing ""Go Set a Watchman"" because I wanted to read the two in chronological order of the characters' lives.  For the most part I found the book boring and slow moving.  Reading about how three children play in Alabama during the summer was not the most interesting subject matter ever.  But obviously there were the more interesting parts involving the trial of the black man and the subsequent events.I thought it extremely odd that two young motherless southern children would call their father by his first name.  The relationship between father and children was a very strange one.  It was never clear to me why things were the way they were.I was never sure when the book took place until it mentioned Hitler so I believe it took place in the '30's.  I became confused by all the female characters in the book, but most of them were just neighbors and played unimportant roles.  Harper Lee did an excellent job describing her characters even though I sometimes forgot who the minor characters were."
All time favorite!
Each time I read this book it just gets better.  Well written and wonderful characters. A treat. A lesson of all time.
"I vehemently dislike how Blacks were regarded back then, although not much has changed in race relations in America. Police are still pumping 17 or more bullets in black boys and men.Cannot understand how a Black person could acquiesced, without revolt.Despite knowing that Ewell and his daughter were lying, they killed the Blackman, just because he's Black!That school teacher for one, she hated Hitler, for what he was doing to Jews, but could not see that what her people were doing to Blacks was wrong.I liked that Boo was not such addlebrain after all, he saved Atticus' children."
Always been a favorite
"What more can be said of a justifiably-(& universally-)praised classic of American literature? I can't believe I waited this long to read it, & I plan to read it again (soon). Reading it might make you want to see the film again, too (& to note some of the differences between the book & the film)."
A beautiful copy from a great eSeller.  Many thanks.
Must read
A wonderful story. Beautifully written.
great
To Kill a Mockingbird has not download on my Kindle device please check. Thank youKindle devise I have is not three XXX nor e-edition its a regular Kindle I am still not seeing anything downloading on my screen I have it on.
"The characters are vivid, the 8 year old's POV is sweet, the stories are compelling.  Ms. Lee communicates micro and macro ideas superbly.  Every character is nuanced and fully developed.  And larger themes are wonderfully southern 1930's American, yet also timeless.  In my humble opinion, a masterpiece.As a reward for finishing the book I will watch Gregory Peck.  :)"
"I loved the book, again!  Read it many years ago, but plan on reading the new Harper Lee, so had to refresh my memory."
"Deserves the title ""Classic"".  A must read."
"Can't say, I did not order this book!"
"I wanted to re_read before reading the ""sequel"". I enjoyed it even more than the first time. Worth the time and then some."
"A little different from the movie, To Kill Mockingbird upholds its legendary insight of the South."
no comment
"Beautifully written. I feel close to characters, like we're old friends that I like and will miss.This is a book I enjoy reading again and again."
Looking forward to seeing the characters in Go Set A Watchman
One of the greatest books of it's time
"Re-reading this book so many years after I read it in high school, has only transformed my once hazy, fond recollection of this memorable book, into an adoration of it's simple, heartfelt glimpse into the life of a 1930s Southern town.  There's a uniquely American aspect to this way of life, and also something appealing and saddening about the people and their lives.  This truly is a wondrous examination of humanity and decency.In spite of the tragedy and prejudice rampant in the town of Maycomb, the actions and beliefs of a few good and decent people begin to make a difference, and it's that sense of hope in humanity that makes this such a touching read for me.  While it's narrated by Scout, the real star is her father, Atticus Finch, who is so gloriously paternal and wise, that I'm sure most everyone wishes they had an Atticus Finch in their life.  But Scout herself is such an integral part of the story.  Seeing the drama through her childhood lenses gives me such a sense of nostalgia, while also highlighting how simple right and wrong can be, when stripped of preconceptions.  That aspect of stripping away prejudice to just seeing the truth makes this such a powerful story.There are many great nuggets of wisdom in this book that are sometimes unexpected glimpses into a real truth of the human condition that it's no wonder this book has endured as a classic, and is still so highly regarded.  The story feels like a series of vignettes at times - especially when Scout gives snapshots of her childhood antics with her brother and their friend Dill, but it all adds up to a momentous portrait of life, and a glimpse of an era that can seem different to modern times in some ways, but in many ways is no different at all."
"I read this book in high school, but didn't really appreciate it until I read it this second time.  It is truly a classic, not to be missed by anyone.  The messages within continue to be relevant in our modern world."
"I didn't read this book in school, like I was supposed to. I wish I'd read it then, Though now is better than never."
I've wanted a copy of this great book for quite a few years.
Better than the movie. The original story was as good.
Forever a classic!
I had read thiswhen I was in school. Loved it then and loved it now 50 years later.
This is a very well written novel.  The characters are well developed and the plot is complex.
This is a classic and should stay a classic.
"One of the greatest literary gifts given to the world. Should be required reading at every school, at any level."
A superbly written story - it formed very clear and moving pictures in my mind.
Super book; wonderful writing.
First read this book in high school and read it again this summer (2015) as part of our leadership development. I was still gripped by the story and the underlying lessons on humanity.
Classic.
Classic!
Surprisingly close to the book
Amazing novel. Re-read after 40 years. Loved the back country southern slang dialogue. Very thought provoking regarding current issues with race relations today.
"Well written...story line , great classic"
One of my favorite books since high school
Seen the movie many times but never read the book. Retired and a wonderful book to read during summer when too hot to go outside in Texas. Teared up several times while reading.
This woman is amazing; none deserve to be treated like Tom was treated; excellent story and movie
Amazing book!
"The book was well written and detailed enough, but not too much, to allow for reading quickly yet understanding the content."
Such an amazing classic. My son read for his AP English class over the summer. It did not appeal as much to him and his friends.  But it is a great story set in the 1930's told from a young girl's point of view.  It is interesting to see through her eyes the effects of racism and differences between classes of people.
This is a good book.
Just re read this after having read it in high school. Excellent book with great descriptions.
Enjoyed the movie more than the book. I lived in the 30's and 40's and lived in the country and did not know any blacks tilll later in my life.  Was not aware of the black/white problem.
I remember reading this in high school. I got so much more out of it this time around as an adult. It's a true classic!
I somehow didn't have this book assigned to me in school. So I picked it up and am glad I did. Loved it. It's lessons are still just as relevant today as when they first came out.
"I was happy that the movie had followed so closely with the book.  Of course, the book was more elaborate but just as interesting.  A story from a child's perspective is always a hit."
Historically great book from an era long ago
A great American novel!
One of my favorites.
A classic for a reason.
It's a classic! Everyone should read and re read.
classic-you can read many times-gave this copy to a 12 yr old girl
DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK if you need audio!  I should have read the reviews.  When I called about it I was passed around to 3 different techs and eventually told I'd have to buy the audible version for a mere $28.95.  I probably would have it I had known in the beginning but not now.
"This is such a great book, the writing is far better than any books written in todays time.  Even the children in the story talk with such elequent vocabulary. I love the story and the lessons this book teaches.  I can understand a great deal why schools and parents of today have had problems with this book. It touches on aspects of our society that is not often taught in schools, however watching TVs you will get way more than this book brings to the table.  I am glad I re-read this book as an adult.  I recommend this book."
It has been a long time since I've read this book. I wanted to read it again before starting the new book published by Harper Lee. Glad I did. It's as good as I remembered. Truly a classic
"What can you say about this book that hasn't already been said. The voice in this novel is so strong, so innocent, so authentic. I saw a bit of myself in Scout."
It is a classic and well worth reading.
Favorite book
"This was an excellent read, deep teaching story I loved it."
good read
"Outstanding, unique, emotionally affecting story about so many things - racism, prejudice, families, love - life itself. Unforgettable characters. Beautifully written. Worthy of all the admiration and respect it has garnered."
"I have read this book so many times over the years. It is a remarkable work of literature, and one of my favorites if not my most favorite read ever. I ordered this e-copy because my hard copy is literally falling apart. It is currently being held together by a large, thick rubber band. In my opinion, to never have read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is to have missed out on an exceptional journey in bookland."
"I reread ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" before reading ""Watchman"".  Just as good as it was in high school>"
I enjoyed the movie many years ago. I enjoyed the book much more. The charactors were very developed. It was a real page turner. Cant wait to read Harper Lees next book.
A true clasic
Enough said
loved it again
ok
"5 stars, very enjoyable classic."
Outstanding read! I have watched the movie many times but the book is always better as it gives you more details to the people and the places. I love to read and this was one of the better books have read.
The book  would mainly appeal to young readers.  The main theme was sadly minimized.
One of those novels that I love to reread in the summer.
"This is such a classic! I wanted to read this again prior to reading Go Set a Watchman. Beautifully written and it holds up after all these years. Put this on your book bucket list if you haven't read it, worth reading again if you have. Wish more authors took the time to craft their language like Harper Lee."
great story
It was a very good book. Race relations still have a long way to go.
"As exquisite and spell-binding as the first time I read it 54 years ago.  Thank you, Harper Lee."
"So glad I re-read the classic in preparation for ""Go Set a Watchman""!"
Have no idas as is on my wifes Kindal
It is a good classic that I read as a requirement at high school but I did not understand the book until I became an adult. Parts of the book I laughted so hard that I cried. I recomend anyone to read the book  . It makes you think of this world and the way we each think.
Very good book I really enjoyed the read.  It was very well written
Really enjoyed this book
Must read!
Loved it!!!
Beautifully written classic.
"Had read it before, but enjoyed it more this time.  Such a wonderful work."
It's one of those books that you HAD to read in high school but you actually enjoyed it. I re-read this before my copy of Go Set A Watchman arrived. I still love it.
Excellent
Best ever! My favorite novel.
One of the best books ever.
A classic of American literature. Wonderful depiction of life in a small Southern town during the Great Depression. Reveals the deep-rooted color divide of the era. Relates the many adventures and misadventures children could engage in. A must read for anyone interested in Southrn culture in the Great Depression years.
"Classic, still a great read"
read it 30 years ago ... this time i truly appreciated this wonderful classic.
LOVE
A wonderful story. Beautifully written. Deserves every reward and accolade it has received. Will read it again. Thank you Harper Lee.
"Bought this book because I heard it was a ""must read"". I was not disappointed. I devoured it in a week and plan to read again in a couple months. Fantastic book!"
"Best book ever, a true American treasure. So much wisdom from such likable characters. A true classic everyone should read."
Classic
I would recommend this book to anyone especially 7th/8th graders. One of my most favorite books of all time. I am excited for the sequel.
"An American literary classic that is captivating, stimulating,Mandy thought provoking. A child like attitude and perception of the world ..."
"I have lost count as to how many times I have read this book and each time I come away with new thoughts. Her writing makes me hear the sounds, smell the aromas of the kitchen e n and the odors of the neighborhood. To kill a mockingbird may be a sin. So is not reading this novel."
Not as interesting as I thought it would be.
I was very disappointed in the quality of the book. The pages are irregular in length and a very poor quality. I would not recommend this product to anyone!
Haven't read this for decades and enjoyed the re-read so much. Sweet little story about life's lessons. Better the second time. Recommend.
My daddy told me all my life what a great story this was; I never bothered to read it till it became news. I sure wish I'd have read it ten years ago. It shore was worth it!
One of the times when the book is better than the movie.
I had to read this for my summer assignment. It started really slow and boring but it got more and more interesting as I kept on reading. The second half of the book was the best part.
I really enjoyed To Kill a Mockingbird.  It takes a while to get into the story.
"Harper Lee is a one-book wonder (or is it two, now?).  Engaging plot, incredible characters, and great insight into American life and race relations.  Truly an American Literary Classic!"
I just didn't get interested in the book...only I'm some parts 😕 I had to read it for summer reading.😶
The great American novel.
"What a thrill to reread this literary masterpiece. Atticus Finch and his children Scout and Jem are such memorable and admirable characters who see the world as it is, but also see the world as it should be. Atticus works hard to try to change the world by his brave defense of a falsely accused black man in the Alabama of the 1930's. All is told as seen through the eyes of Scout, a little girl with remarkable insight, who nearly pays a severe price for her father's brave actions."
A classic.  I will read this over and over
"I had never read this book. A classic without question. Everyone should be sure to read it. Well done, well done."
"The first time I read this book in high school, my English teacher asked us to write what we think happened between Jem losing his pants in the fence until he went back and found them folded neatly over the top rail.  Since then, the story stuck with me and continues to year after year.  Reading it again this last week brought out other subtleties that I had forgotten in the first reading.  I treasure my childhood memories as I read this story and remember some of the antics that I got into as a child.  To Kill a Mockingbird is one of those stories that stick with you much longer than you expect, but in a good way.  I would recommend this book to anyone and if it isn't required reading in school, it should be.  I plan on passing my copy down to my descendants and making sure it is required reading for them."
Just had to read it again!  I had to re-feel the characters before reading Go Set a Watchman.  Not disappointed that I did.
"Amazing to read again after all these years. So many wonderful ideals and alternatives to a thoughtful life. Everyone should read this book, and again if you have done so already."
My most favorite book of all time
Not at all what I expected.  I'm 68 and figured it was time to read it.  I guess that I had expected more because of all I'd heard about what a great story and movie it was.  Not as good but interesting in the way it was written.  1932.  Harper Lee had a great interpretation of the times and what should have  been.
MAGNIFICENT to reread after many years. This is a life-time winner!
"I am so glad that all the publicity about Lee Harper's other book ""Go Set a Watchman"" inspired me to read ""Mockingbird"". Somehow in a story about racial prejudice she was able to incorporate a lot of humor in this fast reading book. Don't wait - read this book now!"
"This is my favorite book of all time. The story is still relevant  today. Harper Lee has written I book that everyone should read, this should not be a banned book just because it talks about a subject that makes many people uncomfortable."
"I loved the book and the movie and will be doing a book revue for local book club, so loved re-reading it and enjoying it all over again.  The book arrived in very good condition.  Did not contact seller.  Thank  you."
Great classic book
"Somehow I made it through junior high and high school never reading this book. So I decided it was about time to read it, in anticipation of the author's new publication. A timeless classic!  It hasn't aged in the least. Still a great read!  And just as pertinent as ever."
"I read this book may years ago, but had forgotten much about it, it's different looking back on it, but one must read -Set a Watchman- to get the entire picture."
Brilliant. Just brilliant
Classic novel relating the climate and social attitudes of the time.
"To Kill a Mockingbird became a favorite when I was in high school, and still remains as such. I've read this book at least five times and love it so much. Highly recommended read."
Can't believe I waited so long to read this book. Today's society could benefit from having a few more people like Atticus.
"This classic deserves all the notoriety and accolades it has received over the years.  It reminds of the reasons for the Civil Rights movements of the 60's and beyond.  We may all not be where we'd like to be, but it is a look back, through a beautifully written story, about a time that was truly ""injustice for many"" that we can see how far we've come.  It also reminds us of those who can rise above the crowd and do the right thing.  The world needs more of them.  This book will never go out of style.  More relevant today, perhaps, than when it was written."
The childhood story of an unconventional girl growing up in Alabama . A fine description of life and human behavior in a small community .The love of a girl for his father who is almost too good to be true .
Can't believe I never read this when I was younger. A classic.
"Great read for anyone, especially in their early teens."
Excellent!
"Lee writes with dedication and appreciation to history and culture. A well-written must read for everyone interested in life, tragedy, and topics of controversy."
I have wanted to read this all of my life. I have finally done it at age 58! What a masterpiece of human community and understanding! No wonder it won a well deserved Pulitzer Prize! A MUST read for everyone.
I had to read this again after finishing Go Set  Watchman. I think from now on these books should be taught together. To Kill a Mockingbird first and Go Set A Watchman right after to discuss how the world and a parent look through a child's eyes and what they see differently as they grow up.
"I don't remember if I read it when it was first published or if I just saw the movie,but I wanted to review it before reading Lee's new book which is said to follow Atticus, Scout, and Jeb later in life. A wonderful, heartwarming story that is hard to put down. What a shame that Harper Lee only wrote two books . I can't wait to start the second one!"
"What a wonderful book and it teaches so many lessons about acceptance, prejudice, family respect and love.  It should be a must read for all young adults and adults."
"Still my favorite book.  Loved the movie, really loved reading the book more!!!"
Heartwarming and wonderful story about a boy and his young sister and the lessons they learn growing up in a small Southern town.
this is good.
"The recent release of Harper Lee's ""Go Set A Watchman"" made me first return to TKAM. Over the years, the court trial and the ending stayed with me, of course.However, I had forgotten many of the specifics that made TKAM such a charming, chuckle aloud read.Bonnie Bartel LatinoCo-author, Your Gift to Me"
Was very good😋!!Read this many years ago and forgot how much I didn't remember
Excellent condition
I thoroughly enjoyed rereading this classic novel and look forward to her latest novel.
"This was for my high school granddaughter's summer reading assignment. It was exactly as described, and came very quickly."
"I've read this book three times now during my life and will read if again someday.The time has changed, but the message remains the same and stands the test of time.  I won't rehash the plot, but recommend this book even to those who don't enjoy reading books."
"True to the period, written about a time that is not 'very well understood. Another book that might be of interest that might shed more perspective would be Jimmy carter's, an hour before dawn."
This is a classic with as much relevance today as when it won a Pulitzer Prize.
Absolutely beautiful. Very happy with this purchase.
The truth. Write what you know it's the truth I knew growing up in Georgia and Tennessee and I think there is genius in this author.
Still a masterpiece after all these years.
one of the best book
"I probably should have read this book some sixty years ago, in my twenties.  However, once I caught on to pretending I was in my twenties I was easily able to follow the characters and thoroughly enjoyed it so I then promptly went ahead and downloaded ""Go Set A Watchman"" which I am presently reading and would certainly award it a very favorable review."
"I re-read this book before reading the Watchman book and was reminded how much I originally loved Mockingbird.  Every time I read this book, as I have over the years, I discover something new or something I had forgotten.  This is a classic and a great novel.  It's sad that Ms. Lee only wrote two novels.  She has a gift."
Read this classic before and felt the need to read again as I also bought the new Harper Lee book.
This is the classic that it has always been touted to be. I can't wait to read her new release.
Simply one of the most profoundly beautiful books I've ever read.  I know those people(characters)!
This is a great story. There is so much to learn from it. It is amazing that such a classic book is still relevant to things we need to reminded of today!
What negative could possibly be spoken...?
I never tire of reading this book and now I have it on my kindle :)
5 Stars
Very good was a page turner four stars
"To read a book so vividly told from the view of a young girl, genius!!  I wish Harper Lee would have written at least 50 books!!  What a joy that would be........."
"Before reading ""Go Set a Watchman"", I felt a need to revisit the town and the folks of Macomb.  The story never leaves Scout's viewpoint, and flows seamlessly.  I have heard enough about the sequel/prequel that I tried to find clues that would make sense for what I was hearing about Atticus.  With the exception of one reference, there is little to suggest that Atticus did not believe in at a minimum, equal justice.  I plan to continue with the second book and hope  further clues reconcile the two together.  That said, there is no doubt in my mind that ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" will continue as a literary classic for many more generations."
Read it again--was better than the first time.Want to read Go Watchman soon.  Excellent  author. Keep on writing please.
I really enjoyed this wonderful book!  There are few stories today with such good moral characters as Atticus.  I loved the special relationship he had with his children and how they understood him.  Thank you for such a wonderful read!
It's a classic!
This is probably everyone's favourite book.  Harper Lee is an amazing writer who sweeps you up into the Finch world and you very happily become part of all that is happening.  My admirationfor Atticus Finch is unbounded and the delightful escapades of Scout and Jem and their friends makes delightful reading.  I loved this book.  It stands of lot of re-reading.
"Like perhaps 10 other literate Americans, I had never read ""To Kill a Mockingbird""  - or, for that matter, seen the movie - until piqued by curiosity roused by the publication of its ""lost"" predecessor, ""Go Set a Watchman."" I found ""Mockingiord"" indeed charming, if not particularly gripping or intellectually stimulating. Harper Lee is a wonderful storyteller, with a sharp but warm command of the Southern vernacular suitable to her characters and a terrific eye for the little details that bring her tale to vivid life. She has the great gift of intimacy. Her narrative, told through the peppery voice of her pre-adolescent protagonist, Scout Finch, seems utterly direct, warmly personal, without literary artifice (except for the few occasions when Scout makes observations clearly beyond the scope of a someone so young). Scene for scene, the book is a delight. But I found its moral lessons - the layer of narrative that has made it a staple in schools for so many years - a bit pat. OK, I'm looking at it from the perspective of someone who's lived through the Civil Rights era, the death of Martin Luther King, Jr., the recent spate of police killings of unarmed black men. And it is a story of events set in a much earlier America - the pre-Jim Crow South of the 1930s, as seen through the eyes of a 9-year-old. For me, its shortcoming - what keeps it from becoming a truly great book - is Lee's rendering of her most beloved character, Atticus Finch. Revered by his children,  a struggling, ""good"" single father, he remains a curiously remote figure. We see nothing of his personal anguish over the death of his wife, and very little of what anguish he presumably feels over the incendiary case he takes on. We don't know his intellectual interests or even anything about his social life or friendships. All Lee shows is his ""goodness."" She does this with fine wit. But Atticus remains more an emblem than a man of flesh-and-blood. Perfect for an actor like Lincolnesque Gregory Peck, but not so compelling on the printed page. I'm now 50 pages into ""Go Set a Watchman"" and finding that what it reveals about Atticus is more interesting, if disturbing, than anything in ""Mockingbird."""
Excellent book.
The package was crushed. Book was ok
"I truly enjoyed the book.  It was before my time and the country was just developing.  This was during a depressed time/area and people now need to understand it and that our country has come along way - we should live a more educated time and treat people well.  We all had start somewhere.  I enjoy early history books, how they lived, survived, the clothing they wore and how it was made.  I am not a writer, just a reader"
Somehow I missed reading this in school....what a wonderful book! I'm so very glad I finally got around to reading it!
"It is fascinating to me how reading a book because you want to and reading a book because you have to gives you a whole new perspective.  Oh, don't get me wrong, I enjoyed this story when I had to read it in high school; however, I appreciate the beauty of Harper Lee's voice so much more now. Hmmm, maybe it is just my age...a more mature and experienced mind. Harper Lee artfully wove a thought-provoking story with characters who brought it to life. As a reader, you laughed and cried...got angry, were frightened, and you rejoiced.  Lee's ability to use words that created such vivid images of places, events, and, best of all, people made this novel come to life. I, now, better understand why this book is a classic."
good book
This is a truely excellent book!
"What is there to say? This is a classic, and is as fresh and relevant now as it was in 1953, or whenever she wrote it. Being written from the point of view of a child (Scout is 6 at the start of the book) softens the hard parts a bit, simply by being seen through the naive eyes of a person who takes things at face value. There is uncertainty throughout the book, we are always waiting for ""the other shoe to fall"", but there is so much child-like whimsy interspersed with the forboding that the book is not very scary.Read it, if you haven't. RE-READ it if it's been decades since you last read it. It is a wonderful book."
"I apparently remembered very little of this book from when I read it as a young teenager. I'm finding it interesting to think of the way birds are used. I don't remember discussing it in school but we must have. I didn't know Finch was an old family name for Harper Lee. Seems more pertinent to think of finches as being a breed of diversity, as there are so many types. They are also harmless songbirds, much like the mockingbird.I don't think I appreciated this book at all the first time I read it, it didn't make much of an impression on me. It was homework. I am very glad I re-read it. Wonderful story."
my favorite book of all time.
"EVERYONE should read this book! I first read it in Jr High, back about 1972. I still have the copy I read then, marked, underlined, etc.  It was when my eyes were first opened to just how deep and meaningful a book could truly be! The symbolism, the voice of Scout, the imagery. I have read the book several times, and I always feel like I am going back to a place from my own childhood, to visit old friends...old friends who are always there to let me share in their lives...one more time."
great book
"Beautifully written.  The author holds your attention from beginning to end.  I had read it in high school, but enjoyed it so much more as an adult!"
"I  glad I read it. I did not think it was literary genius, but the thought at that time and in that place when small towns used to really be a product of generations of myths, the application that all men are created equal and are equal was revolutionary. These were times of ignorance and biased fueled by hate, always hatred. The Holy Bible tells All men are created in the image of God and that we are to love our neighbors and do good to those who spitefully use you... Now that is still a revolutionary thought and application. If we can guard our hearts from hatred, then we will not repeat prejudices. But that is up to every person to check their thoughts and hearts and not many people will honestly do that."
This book was excellent!
"This is a classic novel that I reread in preparation of reading Harper Lee's most recently published novel.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful read that brings the reader back to 1930s South.  I gave it ""some violence"" and ""some sexual content"" because it is from the point of view of a child, and for me that makes any violence worse."
Great classic novel
Timeless and beautifully written - worth re-reading several times.
Kept my interest  from the first page.  Scout appeared a little advanced for her age but without games to play on the internet she read books.  The trial was heart wrenching to know it would not be handled fairly.
This book was and is a classic. It took a mirror and showed our society it's ugliness when it was written. It continues to show us the dark shadows of prejudice that continues to hide. It teaches with well written words and the reader learns with imagination. Truly worth a read and a re-read!
"A timeless message. Especially in context of current events. Complexities of one's heritage and how it influences decisions despite a general strong moral character should be revisited by readers as they read Lee's Go Set a Watchman. For many it will upset their sentimental longing for the hero Attitcus. For others it will deepen their thoughts about the struggle between what is morally right and what heritage instills. Some believe this is only a Southern problem but as I observe our world I see it as a struggle all mankind faces: whether it be race, social-economic position, political leanings, religion or nationality. From my experience with living, everyone has to face they are no different from Atticus, whether they see themselves as sitting on the high end or the low: we all need to examine ourselves and ask, how are we truly treating others in our actions AND in our hearts. Only then can we be at peace with ourselves and others."
"Amazingly well written, I couldn't put it down!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic novel narrated in the third person by (Scout) Jean Louise Finch who gives a detailed story of life in Maycomb Alabama in the 1930’s.  She goes deep into the culture of life in Maycomb with all its warts and all. A highly descriptive story of her home life as she grew up sans a mother shows to one and all life of a white educated household.  She describes her reactions to relations with Negroes and what was considered at the time to be “white trash.” In her highly descriptive narrative Scout tells of how her father Atticus Finch (a lawyer and state legislator) brought up both herself and her older brother Jem.  In this narrative we are intimately acquainted with Atticus who with the help of his Negro maid Calpurnia establishes a routine which developed these two young offspring with middle class values and a respect for education and reading. Also Scout goes into describing the habits and lifestyles of the white population living in their neighborhood.  Along with these descriptions Scout describes the routines of school life and how the white rural children spent a limited time in school and the rest of the year as laborers barely etching out a living with their poor {white trash) families. With the living standards and the culture basis established in its historical perspective Scout comes to the main story of the book.  With Atticus being the most prominent lawyer in Maycomb he is charged with defending a Negro with a capital offense.  Tom Robinson who was a strapping young Negro with some physical disabilities with a shortened arm and gait was charged with raping a young white woman by the name of Mayella Violet Ewell. It was her claim that she was raped by Tom Robinson.  With no witnesses and with clever cross examinations by Atticus Finch he shot holes in the prosecutor’s case.  If this trial was conducted north of the Mason Dixon line Mr. Robinson would be acquitted of the charges.  However, we are in the deep south in the 1930’s and we see the stark reality of the times in this historical sketch. It shows to one and all the character of Atticus Finch and the courage it took for him to do the right thing.  His actions were respected by all and Atticus Finch was a man before his time.  His lifestyle and character emanated through his offspring and shows that even if Mr. Finch lost the court battle, it opened to one and all that the culture of the old south was starting to show its flaws and defects.  Atticus Finch put the foot in the door and through his actions, his own offspring would see the change starting to take effect.  Very slow change at first but as time went on the floodgates would open."
Masterpiece!
"I have always heard this book is considered the best ever written.  I would not say that.  However, it is very well written and involves the reader in the story.  The characters are well developed and relatively complex which makes the reader think.  It is written from a child's point of view when children were shielded from knowledge by their parents and allowed to run free and become caught up in their imaginations.  Something to which today's children will be unable to relate.It is a Southern small town novel that involves you in the lives of the unique characters through the eyes of a child.  But it also includes a secondary plot of the racism that is pervasive in America and gives the reader a lot to think about even in 2015 (especially in light of current events).  But many of the issues raised are difficult to read and can be upsetting to the reader.  Hopefully, it will encourage change in the reader on one level or another."
This has been my favorite book since I first read it in junior high school.
Read the book as a preview to GO SET A WATCHMAN that just came out.  Book was as good as I remember it from long ago.
Easy to read and a classic story.
An interesting view of the south told by an eight year old girl but not what I was expecting.
"I read it most every year. Gentle, very observant and kind story.  It never gets stale."
Brilliant writing.
I read the book many years ago and read it again before reading Go Set a Watchman.  It was amazing all over again.
Read this when I was younger and thought I remembered the story. It was much better than I remembered and glad I reread it.
Great Read!
Everything has been said.  brilliantly written well paced and charming to read
"the beggining of this book is actually really slow and you just ask yourself (if you didn't read the review) what's the point? What are we gonna read about?. Let me tell you to be patient, because once the real problem appears, you can't throw this book away."
It's not a wonder this is a classic!
Hard not to love a classic!
"An inspiring read, or re-read. The character development, the descriptions, transport you into the novel better than any time travel machine. Beautifully written."
"I've read the book several times over the years. It's one of my favorites hence my recent purchase of the kindle version. It's an easy read for me and the characters have become like old friends that I like to visit now and again. A well told story with humor, tenderness, and integrity along with ingrained hatred, racism and deceit."
Truly a classic
So glad I revisited this classic. Beautifully written. She has a gift for transporting the reader to another time and place.
"My favorite book of all-time. I loved it in 1978 (when I was 13), and I loved it today (at, well, OVER 13!)."
Always a classic! So glad I decided to reread it! Now for Go Set A Watchman after visiting the Museum this weekend!
"Seems a bit too idealistic, almost like Atticus is not human"
Enjoyed the book very much
"I haven't read this classic for over 40 years.  This book has truly withstood the test of time.  In some ways it's even more meaningful now than when I read it in my youth.  The issues mean more, I better understand the subtext of the adult conversations in the book, and the book provides much more of a historical context to frame current racial conflicts by.  And what's best - it's still a lot of fun to read.  The joy and mystery of youth is wonderfully captured in this riveting tale."
Motivated to read this before reading Harper Lees newly published novel.  Excellent and race issues are presented is such a way as to be still relevant today.
Excellent
"I re-read this in anticipation for Go Set A Watchman. No matter what time of my life it is, this book always speaks to me. As always, I finished with tears streaming down. This one is an eternal jewel, and always a lesson in humanity."
I cannot imagine how the south was in that time for black people.
Classic
just re-read it. thoroughly enjoyable. Now reading Go Set a Watchman - so far very good.
"I accidently ordered an online copy for my Kindle and a paperback copy. I was just enjoying the paperback when I realized it had huge section missing from brand new book. Disappointed, lost my place and now no desire to pick up wherever I left off on kindle edition. Basically paid twice, read zero."
Daughter purchased it for a school project.
Great read
"Classic revisited - wow, how much I'd forgotten!"
I read this book as required reading in High School. I liked it then but 50 years later I got so much more from it.True classic
"This is a masterpiece from cover to cover, I just read it for the third time, the first was in the 8th grade, the second was in the 10th grade, and now again at 19 years old. I decided to read it once more before I read Go Set a Watchman (which I'm excited for no matter the reviews). I appreciate it more as an adult and consider it now one of my favorite books of all time. This is a must for anyone, and I do mean anyone. It is gripping, full of nostalgia, innocence, curiosity, wonder, and a lust for life. Harper Lee, one of the greatest writers of our times, blessed us with this book and should be in our reading lists forever."
The writing is simple and elegant. One of my favorite novels. I enjoyed it even more on the second read after 50 years.
Decided to read To Kill A Mockingbird again before reading the new book.  All should enjoy. Looking forward to The Watchman.
"I am now elderly and I had never read this book.  Yes, I've seen the movie but as usual the book is so much better.  I have to admit that I only choose it because of the New book being released.  I loved it.  Now on to her next book."
A page tuner. Read this book in two days.
"I read this book for the first time at 31 years old, and I fell in love with it. I could not put it down. The characters are compelling and the story is moving and has such a great message. I would recommend this book to anyone. Everyone should read it."
"Read this book when I was in middle school for the first time and instantly loved it. Reading it now, 11 years later, I love it even more. The characters are people we can all relate to or know someone who reminds us of them whether we come from a small town or a big court like myself. Looking forward to reading Harper Lee's newest publication next."
Good book.  Received promptly.
great!
This has been my favorite book for as long as I can remember.  It is so beautifully written and the message it sends is really enlightening.
Harper Lee's literary work of art paints a canvas with beautiful broad strokes of the colors or the South in the early 20th century. It was a time when children were still allowed to be children and acted accordingly while adults still had a sense of personal responsibility in a time when living on the public dole was still seen as unacceptable. Ms. Lee's true brilliance shines the light of injustice on the pervasive damage of deeply rooted prejudice as recognized through the innocent eyes of a child. Absolutely brilliant!
I enjoyed the setting of the town and the main character. How they struggled with being kind when other were unkind.
"Nearly 30 years after I read To Kill a Mockingbird the first time, it remains one of my all-time favorite books. I hope high schools continue to keep it on their required reading lists in the future..."
ok
"I thought this was an ""Audio"" edition but it only has one chapter in audio.  Not happy."
"I will never know why it took me so long to read this book!!  Well, I know...  I didn't want to read Go Set a Watchman before reading To Kill a Mockingbird.  The voice of Scout --Jean Louise-- is so believable, the descriptions so visual, that one can ""see"" the town, the characters, every detail. I absolutely loved Atticus and he is so well defined, consistent, highly principled and good-hearted that one can only dream of having had a parent such as him. Few books will remain in my memory so vividly as this one!!  What a treat!!"
"Fiction at it's finest. Worth every bit of praise and beautifully written, this book appeals to all generations, all tastes. I wish I could experience it again for the first time."
Left the book in the car while grocery shopping and glue melted and it fell apart.
40 years after my first reading it is just as great as ever. Great characterisation.
"This is the story of life an a small southern American town, Maycomb, as experienced through the eyes of nine year old girl named Scout. It explores racism and social groupings with lessons that are just as relevant today as in 1930's America. The fact that justice does not triumph makes the novel more disturbing."
Loved this book and looking forward to Go Set a Watchman
"Upon my 3rd reading of To Kill A Mockingbird, I find myself loving this book more and more. I was too young to appreciate it in middle school but now, at 24, I find myself in deep awe of this story. Main characters aside, you are introduced to a towns-full of people, some likable, others far from that. I really enjoyed the Southern tone of the novel but what I admire most is how essential everything in the narrative is. Perhaps it's better to describe this essentialness in the narrative as plot-driven story telling. In this sense, the book reminds me of The Stranger by Albert Camus. There is nothing excessive in the story and that is why I love it.Thanks for reading my review. Have a great day!"
Of course  great book.
This is a Classic Book. The author Harper Lee really takes you there in the time and the moment.  Excellently written.
A great book to read.
The same classic as the last time I read it. One can always hope that society would learn from it's mistakes.
The impact is undimmed by multiple readings.
"Outstanding, it was not required reading for me, 35 years ago in High School, but I inadvertently got caught up in the hype of the pending release of Harper Lee's novel ""Go Set A Watchman"" and thought I had better read TKMB first. And I am glad I did, so much so, that after reading the reviews of the second released novel, may pass as not to taint the characters I just enjoyed."
"I have to confess to a certain degree of ignorance regarding many of the details of this book, primarily due to the fact that the film version has become so pervasive in my memory, as well as many of the general population, that it has overshadowed the original novel. I say this after reading the novel for the third time, the second having been 18 years ago. This reading has occurred since the recent publication of its prequel/sequel 'Go Set a Watchman' so I have had the experience of reading them back to back with a fresh comparison.The novel, like the film, has a seemingly random, anecdotal quality to much of it, weaving around the double threads of the curiosity of the children toward Arthur (Boo) Radley and the trial of Tom Robinson. Like any film adapted from a novel, the film 'To Kill a Mockingbird' had to be selective in which anecdotes to leave out and which ones to include.Fifty-five years after its original publication and 53 years after the film version, a summary of the novel seems superfluous so I will proceed on the assumption that everyone has been exposed to the novel, the film or both. Assuming that familiarity, the rest of the review will largely consist of my new perceptions of portions I had forgotten or connections I had not made until this reading.The novel takes place over a span of three years, from 1932 to 1935 and in that time Scout's brother Jem makes a transition from child to adolescent while Scout moves from first to third grade. They are not constant in their perceptions of their small-town world. There is much room to grow and so the revelations do not seem to occur as rapidly as the film version would indicate. Scout has more of an inkling of what the Robinson trial is about as a third grader than she would have had if it occurred at the beginning of the novel. The spooky imagined exploits of childhood boogeyman Boo Radley that consumes the children and their playmate Dill at the beginning has receded into mere curiosity about an extremely reclusive character.I had forgotten, for example, that Aunt Alexandra moves in with the family toward the beginning of the novel because Atticus knows that they need more adult attention than he is able to give them at this time. He probably also feels that they could benefit from a female presence in the house. According to Scout, they already have a female presence—their black housekeeper/cook Calpurnia. She keeps the household running smoothly and does her best to ensure that the children stay out of mischief. She doesn't live with them 24/7 though and she is black. She is also not a blood relation. Alexandra's presence is felt throughout the rest of the novel, although she doesn't strike me as quite as shrewish as she does in 'Go Set a Watchman,' partially because in that novel she treats the adult Jean Louise almost identically to the child Scout.Alexandra's presence in the house does bring Scout closer to Calpurnia, whom she sees as too much of a strict disciplinarian at the beginning of the novel, yet in comparison to Alexandra, she actually takes the trouble to try to understand the child's point of view. As talk of the impending trial of Tom Robinson reaches the children through the taunts of children as well as raving adults such as Mrs. Dubose, Cal's feelings on the matter are not lost on Scout. As she attempts to understand Atticus's willingness to defend a black man and not respond to the racial slurs that are tossed at him, she gets a first-hand look at the other side of the racial fence when she goes with Cal to her own church. Cal defends her decision to bring a white girl to a black church to some of the black counterparts to Mrs. Dubose and Scout respects her for her courage in going against the tide of what is expected in THAT society. Cal's pastor Reverend Sykes welcomes her and this familiarity also informs his easy reception of her, Jem and Dill to the 'colored only' balcony of the courthouse for the Robinson trial.I had also forgotten that Atticus's younger brother, Uncle Jack, appears, scolding Scout at a Christmas gathering for using unsuitable language and hitting her cousin for calling Atticus the unmentionable 'n—lover'. When Scout scolds him politely for not giving her a chance to tell her side of the story, he relents and understands why she got so upset.Another character I didn't recall is the white businessman Dolphus Raymond. He lives with a black mistress and has spawned several mulatto children. He is seen by the society of Maycomb as a scandalous, immoral eccentric. Scout understands him a bit more after she is taken out of the courthouse with Dill after Dill's crying fit over the racist treatment of the prosecuting attorney to Tom Robinson, encounters Raymond and learns that the liquid he drinks out of the container within his paper sack is not whiskey, as everyone suspects, but Coca-Cola. Scout asks him why he pretends, to which he says:""I try to give 'em a reason, you see. It helps folks if they can latch onto a reason. When I come to town, which is seldom, if I weave a little and drink out of this sack, folks can say Dolphus Raymond's in the clutches of whiskey—that's why he won't change his ways. He can't help himself, that's why he lives the way he does….It ain't honest but it's mighty helpful to folks. Secretly, Miss Finch, I'm not much of a drinker, but you see they could never, ever understand that I live like I do because that's the way I want to live.""He says he confides in children because they are still young enough to understand him, because they 'cry about the simple hell people give other people without even thinking. Cry about the hell white people give colored folks, without even stopping to think that they're people too.""Another realization I had with this reading is that Atticus is not the sole advocate for equal treatment regardless of race. Their neighbor Miss Maudie Atkinson tells them that there are certain people we hire to do our unpleasant jobs for us and their father is one of them. She is certainly one of the more racially enlightened citizens of the town. As they find out, a white person who believes in treating black people equally must live closeted lives.  They learn that Judge Taylor chose Atticus intentionally to be the defense attorney rather than the man that would ordinarily be chosen. Sheriff Heck Tate must maintain order as a lawman and yet he too knows that Tom is innocent and he is sensitive enough to the reclusive Boo to persuade Atticus to 'let the dead bury the dead'. In this town Atticus and Dolpus Raymond are the most uncloseted of the white non-racists in the town.The novel proceeds in its almost effortless, anecdotal way to reveal steadily stronger moral lessons for both Jem and Scout but particularly for Scout, culminating in the most intense encounter with Bob Ewell and the emergence of Boo Radley. It is easy to see how it earned its classic status. It presents such a clear, articulate and incontrovertible statement regarding racial equality and unequivocal respect for all living things (Jem even adopts a stance of not even crushing insects) that is universal and is why it can still move millions of readers 55 years after its publication. Its success and influence even provided a lesson in tolerance for the real-life model for Atticus, A.C. Lee."
"Purposefully written...poignant.  I wish there were more things written as masterfully.  I loved it....(Why would I need 6 more words, when I said it with 15?)"
My favorite book of all times!
I read this book in high school and loved it. Reading this book again was great.  Now I'm going to read the new book thatvjust came out hope it's as good!!!
No matter when you read this book it never goes out of style. You can always learn something from it. I hope most people do.
I have read this book numerous times and I still hate when it's over. I bought it to read yet again before I read the sequel.
Very good book
I found this book to be hard to read and did not enjoy. Others in my book group were fascinated by it.
We don't really understand how we can effect people until we recognize who they are. Harper Lee has figured that out.
"Such  good book! For all ages,but maybe for kids older than seven or eight. I loved it so much,could not stop reading! I highly recommend it. You will nkt regret the purchase you make on this book!"
"Great book -- but I wanted a new copy to match Go Set a Watchman, and Amazon  sent it with no dust jacket, and the ISBN sticker just stuck in the middle of the plain black cover."
I couldn't get into it.
"A phenomenal book that has some great moral values to it. It does have many racial slurs, but they are used in a way that gets a message across about how racism is horrible."
Has always been my favorite from when I first read it many years ago. Nice to have a fresh new copy.
"I rarely feel motivated to writer reviews.  But, with all the recent publicity for Harper Lee and her writing, I just had to read this.Somehow this book slipped through the cracks of my life until adulthood.  But I'm so glad I have found it now.  What a moving and thoughtful piece.  It's a commentary on so many things that are as important today as they were in the 60s; race, women's rights, innocence.  It is an absolute must read for every person."
I had read it in my childhood many times.  The re-read after the Civil Rights Act was fascinating.
"The wonderful character development gradually leads you by the hand through a story, in a small southern town in a time gone by not so long ago."
"One of the best coming-of-age novels written. One of the best novels, period. Many layers to the plot -- the Ewell's, the trial, the racial tensions in this quiet town, and the reclusive Boo Radley. A strong theme tying the story together, as seen through Scout's eyes. This remains a powerful story & probably the definition of a novel a half century after it was published."
"A simple story, filled vivid descriptions of rural life and human interactions, judgments and curiosities. It's a slow read, but inspiring and a thought provoking commentary on the way integrity shows itself among common people."
I never read a book  more then once but this will be an exception. To call this book a 'classic' is just the beginning of its description.  A must read no matter what your reading preference may be.......
Took me a while to get into this. The language takes a little adjustment but the perspective of Scout as narrator is compelling. The themes are less shocking than they would have been when this novel was first published. The innocent perspective of questioning children as a mirror for the prejudices of those around them is not an unfamiliar way to highlight and discuss the issues involved. The power of this novel lies in the relationships through which the story unfolds: Atticus and his children; Calpurnia and Atticus' children; the children and the townspeople.
A well developed book
"I confess I never read this book before, only saw the movie version. I wanted to read it as background before tackling Harper Lee's ""Go Set A Watchman"". I'm glad I did because having read the first chapter of ""watchmen"" before the book was released I knew that I had to establish a basic understanding of the story. I strongly urge a reading or re-reading of ""Mockingbird"" before reading ""Watchman"""
"Very easy read that gives you a fictional story in 1930 Alabama. Characters are well written and easy to follow.  The story is narrated by a 6-8 year old girl, her life and how she sees the inequalities among the adults in her life."
"Before reading ""Go Set a Watchman"", I wanted to reread Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  It had been 32 years since I read one of the defining books of American and 20th Century literature.  While one certainly can appreciate this book as a 13 year old, I can appreciate the brilliance of this novel so much more as a 45 year old.  While much has changed in America since this book was published in 1960, current events remind us how topical and important the themes Lee writes about are today.  The overt racism of the 1930's when the book takes place and even of the 60's when it was published has given way to the insidiousness of a much more covert and insidious form of racism found today.Soon I'll open the pages to ""Go Set a Watchman"" and decide for myself whether it was just an early draft that morphed into ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" or was a separate manuscript and complement.  I've read many op-eds, articles and reviews and am anxious to decide for myself.  Regardless of where I land, it will not alter the beauty of the message and characters Harper Lee gave us in her masterpiece about one of the defining elements of American history."
"Probably one of my most favorite books. The plot isn't predictable, but there aren't any real twists or surprises. If you haven't read it (or it's been since HS since you did read it last) be sure to do so. There is a reason this is an American Classic."
I loved the story!
"It seems strange to be as old as I am and have to admit there are two things I haven't seen in life that just about everybody in the world has seen.Well, now there's only one, and that's the movie, The Sound of Music.The other was this book, To Kill a Mockingbird, and having just finished it I can understand what all the fussin' was about.It's a helluva story, well told.I came to it because like millions of other people I've been suckered by the marketing people who have convinced us that Lee Harper actually did have another book in her, and now they've miraculously found it and published it as the book coup of the millenium.So, it made sense to read this one first, otherwise, as someone in The New Yorker pointed out, how could you possibly understand Go Set a Watchman if you hadn't first read Mockingbird and understood who Atticus and Jem and Scout all are.Now I do. So now I'm ready.But there's no chance in hades that I'll be seeing Sound of Music. Man's got to hold on to some things."
Incredibly and timelessly written. I purposefully won't watch the movie because the book is just amazing.
"As someone who reads over 40 books a year, I somehow neglected this classic until motivated by the pending release of ""Go Set a Watchman."" I can't really add anything to what has been said by many others over the decades. It is a great, great American novel. Read it. But leave it at that. I will not try to reconcile the Atticus Finch of ""Watchman"" with the epic hero of ""Mockingbird."" Our real life heroes too often reveal feet of clay. We don't need to imagine the same for literary heroes."
"Enjoyed rereading Mockingbird after many years.  Looking forward to ""To  Set a Watchman""."
What's not to love! It's a classic!
Wonderful writing
"A true classic. I read this many many years ago, and decided to reread it, before I read Harper Lee's newest. So glad I did. I had forgotten how really good a read this is."
OK
Best novel ever written.
An icon of American Literature told in the flowing lyrical Southern style.
Great novel. A must read.
All these years of enjoying the movie I had never read the book.I am an attorney and a judge and Atticus molds me every day.
Great book of course. I did not read it in High School and finally had a chance to read it. Loved it!!
I have always loved the movie but it has been decades since I read the book.  Such a treat with the full depth of each character beautifully explored!
Brilliant read
I related to the simplicity and events that provide parents with the opportunity to nurture and teach their children how to understand and adjust to growing up.
i had to do a report on this book in college and I loved it...I would like to read more from this author it is very much in detail in every chapter til the end.
"Loved it, great book"
"It is of course a classic. Just finished the sequel, "" Go set a Watchman"" That  is definitely a great novel. Deserving of being a Sequel to this Classic. Doesn't Dissapoint. ."
Brilliant.
This was a great read
"I have loved To Kill a Mockingbird since I learned to read!  It is timeless, classic and speaks to a time gone by; a perfect story for the ages."
"Never read it in high school (embarrassed to say), so picked it up in anticipation of her new release. It's a great book, full of wonderful characters with a powerful message. Many have said it was the best book they ever read, not for me. Totally enjoyed it and glad I read it, but not the best. Also, because we've all grown up with the movie, I knew how it would end!!"
It gets better every time I read it!!!
Classic
Classic
Beautiful copy of one of the world's greatest works of fiction.
Very well written.  Sad ending.  Looking forward to Set a Watchman.
"Wonderful, wonderful,classic. I'm so glad to read it again, many, many years after being given this as an assigned reading in high school. Remarkable to me how so many of the time related issues of the story published in 1960 remain prominently prevalent in 2015. ""Equality for all, privileges for none."" Well it is what we try to believe, in our democratic society.If only we could all think like Harper Lee and innocent children."
What a great read. The character development enabled me to know them. The story revolved around the simplicity and drama of growing up mesmerized and confused be the adult world.  Harper capitalizes on the absolutes of goodness and contrasts this with the absolutes of evil that lives in the hearts of humanity along with the shades of each. Great read.
I liked it the more I read. It was confusing at first.
I have read this book twice. Can't say enough about To Kill A Mockingbird!
An american classic and a must read foe everybody
Loved it.
"When I was younger, I just couldn't get i to this book. Now older, I am glad I waited. I appreciate it more than I feel I would have then. The content and subjects are as relevant today as they were when Miss Lee first wrote them. Which can be viewed as sad but aspirational."
a classic that should stand alone unmarred by the disappointing developments with Atticus Finch in the prequel/sequel Go Set a Watchman.
Love it!
"Thank-You for a very fine purchase,,,,"
"It's been a few decades since I read this classic novel. Brought it back out in preparation for Harper Lee's second book, and reading it from an older person's perspective just made the book even better."
"So, so good. If the next one tries to make Atticus into someone unworthy, I'll be disappointed forever in Harper Lee."
A great read.  In depth character development. As enjoyable today as it was when I was in high school..
"Reading it again after 50 years was a real treat.  If you read this in junior high, read it again."
"I did not read this book in high school and my husband recommended it to me. He said Scout reminded him of our daughter. How right he was, this character reminded me of her in so many ways and how childhood innocence is filled with raw honesty and unbiased thoughts. I enjoyed it thoroughly and relished reading it from her perspective. Would recommend it to anyone-"
An enduring classic for all time.
Definitely worth a reread!!
"I have read this book at least once and many times twice, every year since I was first introduced to it in 1966.  I will now read it before I reread ""Go Set a Watchman"""
It really worth reading to see what the people can be like in small towns in the early fifties. Many people wanted to share their feeling but felt intimidated to do so.
Classic and life changing
"Just finished reading again as I have the new Harper Lee book to enjoy, sure hope it's good.  Now for the movie again!"
"This is the kind of novel that needs to be savoured, not rushed. A tale about life and the grey areas we encounter that are sometimes hard to comprehend and even harder to accept.Set in 1930s Southern United States, Alabama, this is a tale about racism, segregation, rape and our social construct.In the small (fictional) town of Maycomb a black man, Tom Robinson is placed on trial for apparently raping a white woman. Although it is obvious from the outset that he is innocent, from the very beginning of his capture, all the odds are against him. Defending him is Atticus Finch, a white man, widower, the role model of altruism, selflessness and open-mindedness – a morally upstanding individual.Atticus, as a parent, teaches his two children by example rather than simply telling them; he walks the difficult path of life in a multi-faceted world, often swimming against the current, but always behaves like a benign and gentle soul. Atticus doesn't dumb things down for his children, he simply tells them the honest truth, or at least his version.The story is narrated by Scout Finch, Atticus' 6–9 year old girl (a tom boy) and takes place over three years. Scout, as a first-person narrator, makes the tale so much more interesting. A child's perspective brings about many serious and humorous questions that an adult could not conceive of asking. Many of her queries are often politically incorrect and sometimes downright derogatory, but her age makes this fact more forgivable, especially given the historical setting of the novel, making it a necessity when dealing with a theme that is so thought provoking – racism and injustice.In essence, this is a bildungsroman that takes place in the tumultuous cloud of white supremacy.I should also note that Scout's age also makes her a great objective observer – and her observations are many.Through many aside stories. The reader experiences Scout and her older brother Jem (her protector) growing up through the trial of Tom Robinson and their attempts to try and understand the extreme prejudice in the world.Scout and Jem learn many life lessons. The realise that things aren't always what they seem. Mrs. Dubose is not just a cantankerous old woman who insults people. And Boo Radley – the man that Scout feared in the beginning of the tale – has a good reason for hiding from people and the world.This is a character driven story, with countless memorable characters. The dialogue is also wonderful– (not an easy task in literature). The court room sections that most people know from the movie are brilliantly written, but there is so much more to this work.Reading this book was like walking through the most beautiful botanical garden. An abundance of flowers and a clear path that meanders ever so gently. Every now and then you find an unsuspecting thorn. And it is the thorns that make life the amazing adventure that it is. But the literary  flowers are abundant on every page. I guess what I am trying to say is that the book has a spiky beauty, lots of contrasting themes.Sometimes things slowed down, but my interest was still piqued at every corner.As an aside: I first read this novel when I was 14, a time when I was shrouded by my own youthful ignorance. The novel was in the school's library, dog-eared and probably touched by generations of readers. I wasn't told or asked to read it. I stumbled upon it. I had no idea that it was a critically acclaimed Pulitzer Prize winning novel; and, embarrassingly, the name Harper Lee, to me,  seemed like a man's name.But, although I lacked the full awareness of adulthood and did not fully comprehend what the novel stood for, I still understood the importance of the subject matter at hand, to a certain degree. I knew that Harper Lee's novel had importance beyond the story it told.I have continued to re read the book over the years and will do so again, of that I am sure. With each reading I have become aware of how truly complex the tale is and how much effort had gone into its original creation.The only thing that could make the novel an even better experience for me would be if I owned an autographed copy by Harper Lee herself.Here's a quote that just about sums up the book for me:""You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view, until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.""Sergiu Pobereznic (author)"
"Glad I read ""Watchman"" and got the true picture of Atticus Finch. Able to keep the two books separate. This was an idealistic novel that can continue to teach about a goal we can aspire to. One of my favorite books."
This is one of my all time favorite books.
Amazing
"In light of the poor reception Go Set a Watchman has received it’s timely to revisit To Kill a Mockingbird and celebrate this classic masterpiece. I was reminded of this book’s value only days ago after discussion exploded on the internet expressing reader disappointment in the sequel. I mentioned some of the criticisms of Go Set a Watchman that are currently raging to the barista of a favourite café. She was hugely disappointed explaining that To Kill a Mockingbird was the one book she loved at school, which subsequently turned her into a reader. As a teacher I’m witness to what Harry Potter has done to transform non-readers into student who appreciate the world of books. Despite its flaws, the main one being, that it’s a difficult read. It’s amazing and impressive that given how dated this story is, lengthy and convoluted it still cuts it with teenagers. Even in Australia where we don’t have the historical and cultural background to frame the context and history of this story, teenagers learn to love this book. Its timeless qualities manage to pull in reader attention as it readily relates to, prejudice, injustice and loyalty; features that children can easily relate to.Harper Lee’s portrayal of the younger Scout and how the adult protagonist’s voice evokes memory strikes a rapport with teenage readers. More receptive readers appreciate Harper Lee’s references to America’s ugly history of slavery, segregation and the menace the KKK presented long after the abolition of slavery; one that still had a large grip on counties in the Deep South. As a narrative To Kill a Mockingbird is an entertaining read of Scout’s adventures and a bitter sweet tale of her maturity and loss of innocence. From a more complex and literary perspective To Kill a Mockingbird is a well-crafted story that use literary elements, such as the Gothic to enhance the more serious themes. The film is iconic in its own way and serves to highlight the many strengths of the novel."
Loved it when I read it for the first time thirty years ago and loved it again when I recently read it before buying Go Set A Watchman. The Atticus Finch I grew up knowing is a tough love kind of dad who rears his children to be respectful and non judgmental. If you have not read To Kill a Mockingbird you're in for a real treat. TKAM is a must read.
"What can one say? It's a classic for a reason. Having lived in both the North and the South, I believed it to be an accurate appraisal of a tragic attitude. While many changes in society have been made since the book was written, there is always room for improvement in the human condition."
"First the audiobook. Sissy Spacek narrates the book as Jean Louise Finch, first, then second grade daughter of Addicus Finch, the MC. She pulls this off flawlessly, assuming both a convincingly authentic southern accent, and also an approach to the narration as though she is actually the child narrator. Superb narration! 5 star narration! Now to the book itselfAddicus Finch is a man of principal. Funny that you find the one with the moral high ground that is a lawyer. Addicus, as his children call him, is assigned and indigent case:defend a black man who is wrongfully accused of raping a white woman. Told through the eys of his first-grade school daughter, Lee carefully paints a picture of Alabama before WWII. To defend a black man so accused is not a popular thing in Macum, AL., and rape in Alabama is a capital offense. The story slowly unfolds to reveal the attitudes of the people of that day, as seen though the eyes of children. There is much talk of what is right and proper, even Christian, but true Christian character was embodied in lawyer Finch, who fought for truth, was slow to anger, and forgave much.This is a bittersweet story, one that has influences generations, and is probably one of the most powerful classics in American literature."
"Even if you've read it before, the audio book is a great way to reread this classic.  It's as if Scout is telling her story!"
What more can be said for this classic???  I purchased these slipcase editions (^ of them) for my grandchildren.  A keepsake and classic addition to their libraries.  I am the grandmother who ALWAYS gives books for every occasion....and in between.
This is one of the best books you will read. It will stay with you for a long time.
This book is just a classic piece of work. I enjoyed it back in high school and read it again recently. It's so beautifully written and such a compelling story set during what was an ugly period of our history. A must read for every high schooler!
Of course a classic.  I don't think I could write anything new or surprising about this book that hasn't been written before.
"Loved this book.  Read it in high school but wanted to read it again before making a decision to read Harper Lee's ""new"" book.  Love her writing style."
"I  recently re-read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD after many years' absence, and was delighted to see it is as warm and wonderful as ever.  In light of Atticus Finch's later behavior as a 72-year-old man in Harper Lee's ""prequel"" set later in time, GO SET A WATCHMAN, I was afraid the Atticus of MOCKINGBIRD would come across as tarnished or duplicitous:  he did not.  While I liked WATCHMAN, I still love MOCKINGBIRD notwithstanding the fact that, upon closer examination, little Jean Louise (""Scout"") Finch was not always aware of the traditionalist nuances of her father's relationships with the local black people.  The later release in no way tarnishes MOCKINGBIRD, in my opinion, and may even help it.  I am glad the mass-market paperback continues to be available at such a low price."
must read!
A classic book that everyone should read.
"This is an amazing book. I read it as an adolescent and it was even better when reading it as an adult. Given the recent race relation issues our country has experienced, many of the themes in this book are as relevant today as they were when it was written."
"A beautifully written, uplifting story.  Just as good, if not better second time around."
"Mockingbird had such an effect on me when I first read it as a child. I didn't know anything about injustice yet, nor very little about prejudice. Mockingbird has been with me my whole life, affecting how I view things around me and in the news reports.  This book has everything you could want in a book. Comedy, suspense, thrills, mystery and a lot of love. It's always been my favorite book."
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird in preparation for reading Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman. Scenes from the movie flooded my memory--I thought I was re-reading this book, but perhaps I was reading it for the first time. I knew the story, but I did not know how well this book was written."
The perfect novel
Super
Saw this movie when I was small. Didn't understand it then. The book is much better now....awesome story.
An American Classic....as relevant today as it was when it was written.
A classic. As good today as ever.
Re-read it as an adult. It was well worth the re-read
Great Story
Loved the movie and the book was just as great#
Purchased for my son for school... great delivery!
I just reread this timeless classic novel and truly enjoyed it. I especially love that it's told from the point of view of a young girl as she experiences there very grown up  events.
Can't wait to read Go Set A Watchman.  I always find pleasure in reading to Kill A Mocking bird. Awesome😀
"This book is an American award-winning ""classic"" and has been well reviewed by experts.  It is also required reading in most high schools across the nation.  Enjoy."
Delightful reading and a well-written description of the South in the 30's.
Perfection. I want a Boo Radley in my neighborhood as well as I want Atticus Finch to be my father.
I read this book in high school. The high school class I am working in was reading it again. It is truly a classic.
"I received this book today as a gift, and I have a problem I have never encountered before in over 2 years of downloading books. The pages are all mixed up, out of order, and often repeated. From other reviews I've read, apparently no one else has had this problem. What caused this and what is the remedy?  If I delete it from my account, can I reload it and will it be correct? I would like to find out as soon as possible.Pennyg1"
I bought two paperback copies for a couple of bucks!  One for my 13 year old granddaughter and one to replace the copy that I lent to someone and never got back. Today's youth will benefit from reading Harper Lee's vivid story set in the South of the 1950's.
"A page turner! I couldn't put it down! Fun characters, great setting. Very colorful dialogue."
"This book was even better the second time around! I read it as a child, like most did as a required book in school. I recommend everyone read it again as an adult, it has so much more meaning. Now on to read GO SET A WATCHMAN."
"The story is an ideal combination description an ideal way for children to learn about real life, how parents can be friendly, loving, and good role models for their families and the public."
"Loved the movie and seen it many times, but never read the book. Could see Scout and Aticus in every chapter. Usually the book is much better than the movie but I found this one to be equal! This will now be my favorite book!"
I had never read this book in school and until just recently it was never a book I thought much about. That is until the new book came about and I decided that I would at least try to read this one before trying the new one....I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN!! I was pleasantly surprised by this book. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves to read like I do. It's a very easy read also!
I read this book many years ago after seeing the movie. I'm glad I read it again. It was better for the years of experience I brought to it this time. I think it will be better still the next time I pick it up.
Classic .
"I enjoyed reading a second time! Had to read in high school, but really enjoyed now as a senior  citizen."
Even better than I remember it.  The characters come alive and you can't put it down.
"Fifty years ago I read this book.  Before my history, my maturity, my little chunk of wisdom came to me.  I read it again this week before starting to read Go Set a Watchman.  Do it for your heart."
I loved all of the characters. The themes are so applicable to today's society. It is truly a timeless book.
Read it as a kid in high school. Re-read for a book club. Still a classic. I'm interested to see if her new book is as good as this one.
super great book
This is our classic summer read for our book club.  Have not met yet.Such a great commentary on that era.Small town values taught by a singleFather to his precotious  daughter andThoughtful son.
The old classic is still good rereading. Excellent child' view of her neighborhood and neighbors. the trial is tragic.
"This book reminds me of the time when I didn't know the difference between rich and poor and had no idea why the color of your skin would affect anything in life. If I could re-write the lyrics of the song 'My favorite things' from The Sound of Music, I would definitely try to put in 'Atticus Finch and his adorable kids'!I read this book a long time ago and always wanted to read it again. On top of that, it looked like her 'new' book is coming out, so I decided to read it again. I spent a significant amount of my childhood growing up in Auburn, Alabama. I can totally relate to how the kids in the book felt when it snowed..and talk about the warm summers.This book is just an amazing book that I think anybody can enjoy at any age. It brings back the memories of childhood I remember being terrified of the cat at night that actually made me and my sister sort of run from my friend's place to ours. My friend's place was barely a block away. It reminds me of the little dump area where people would throw their mattresses and other stuff away..that was the best playground ever. Oh and yes, there was a grumpy old man living downstairs from my friend's place and we were terrified that he would get us in trouble if we make too much noise.I also love how Harper Lee reaches out to our hearts about injustice in this world through the eyes of a little girl.It also makes me think again about how I treat people around me...did I treat this person better because they appear rich, did I treatthis person better because they have an 'important job'?  Was I actually mean to this person because I was annoyed for some otherreason when they were just doing their job? Did I act differently to this person because of how they look?I will think again today and try to look at the hearts of the people around me, not the outsides....Thank you, Harper Lee."
"Many classics do not live up to their name.  This one surely does.  A marvelous, beautiful story."
This is simply iconic storytelling. A really great American story written with wit and sensitivity.
"Reading this again, just before the release of Harper Lee's original manuscript, I find a complexity I had not perceived before. Some of that is a function of the film; even now I see those famous scenes as I read the words on the page. But now I see more clearly Jem's legal insights and Calpurnia's extraordinary position -- is she in fact an unacknowledged Finch? The dying morphine addict, the white man who poses as a drunk so his choice to cross the color line can be tolerated as he is dismissed, and most of all the way racism never quite serves to make inequality rational."
Great book so glad I decided to read this classic.
"Though I found myself lost and a bit bored in the middle, the beautiful yet bittersweet ending made it clear why this book has lasted generation after generation."
Even the second and third time through. Harper Lee paints a picture of a time and place that are alien to me yet I feel like I know and can understand each of her characters.
I would have liked to have had the era ie 1935 and the area ie Southern Alabama mentioned much earlier in the book. Otherwise spellbinding and very topical.
"There is something utterly magical and satisfying about this story that sets it apart.  I confess I just completed my third reading of it.  The first time as a teen, the second as a young adult, and, with the release of Go Set A Watchmen, I decided it was time again.  Now, as a 40+ woman, I wondered if the story would still resonate.As my eyes gleaned over the famous first lines, I was drawn back into sleepy little Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930’s, home of Scout, Jem and Atticus Finch.  Just as before, I trusted young Scout's voice to take me through her coming of age journey.  She was observant, frank and hilarious.But now, I found myself shaking my head and smiling at her sharp observations about the grown ups around her, because, after all, I am one of them, too.  I see people around me who remind of the folk in Maycomb.  I also see the ugly things grown-ups do: hypocrisy, passing judgment, hiding behind religion/alcohol/politics/and all the “isms” and “phobias” …most of us just scared deep down, but most of us, also good.While the story culminates with trial of Tom Robinson, I found my focus had shifted a little throughout re-reading.  Because I already knew the major plot points, I enjoyed the ""in between"" moments the most—from the deliciously delightful to the heartbreakingly tender.  I chuckled, laughed aloud, and wept--really wept.To Ms. Lee's great credit, I cannot think of another story where words, be it verb, adjective or noun, were more fittingly and economically used.  At its core, the story is an astonishingly astute observation of people, a crisp snapshot in time, lending to its timelessness.  Though Ms. Lee wrote with restraint, each character feels perfectly real and the story complete and thoroughly satisfying.I think it is important to re-read stories like To Kill A Mockingbird.  With age comes understanding of nuance, the ability to see the bigger picture, and most significantly, the power to be the change we wish to see.  Ms. Lee reminds us the value of empathy, the impact of simple kindness, and that courage is not the absence of fear.  Let us listen and do."
"I first read this book when I was in high school. The book was fairly new then and my mother belonged to the Book of the Month club. I read it straight through. I did that again this week. It was as good this time if not better, than all those years ago. Great book."
"With over six thousand reviews already written here on Amazon for ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" as of this writing there isn't much I could really add to praising this excellent book by Harper Lee. This is nothing less then an outstanding novel that everyone should read if they have the chance (and you should make every effort to create the chance to read this). But there is one group of people out there who I would like to address and recommend they read TKAM. That would be to those who have seen the movie but never have read the book.The movie itself was excellent and fairly closely follows the novel. But of course as is usually the case with any film made that is based on a best selling book there is a lot that you may read in the novel that will never make it up onto silver screen version. Biggest reason of course is time constraints. Film makers will in general just stick to the main story line of the novel to move things along and leave out any side stories that may be in the book to help keep the budget to make the film down to a reasonable level. Same is true when ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" was made into a movie.So for anyone who has seen and loves the movie you owe it to yourself to read the book and get the complete story that Harper Lee wrote that was left out of the film. To give a couple of examples. Remember Miss Dubois in the movie? The cranky old lady Jem warns Dill about who supposedly kept a loaded confederate pistol under her blanket. You see that character for a couple of minutes in the movie but there is an interesting side story in the novel about her and Jem that brings a greater understanding about her that you don't get to see in the movie. Another example is how not just the people in the town Maycomb was reacting to Atticus Finch defending Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping and beating a white girl, but also from other family members and what they say and how they act to his taking the case. Again another element to the story that does not get told in the film. There are some other examples as well but the thing I am trying to say here is that if you have seen the movie but never read the book you need to read it to get the whole story behind Atticus, Scout, Jem, Boo Radley and rest of Maycomb's citizens. It is a beautifully told story that no one should deny themselves reading. I had seen the movie many times in my life before I had a chance to read the book. After I had read it I found I had a better understanding and an even better appreciation of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"". The next time I saw the movie after that I saw it in a whole different light and understanding. You may find it will do the same for you."
"Incredible, descriptive details of Scout's life as a child.  Her memory of her family and neighbors enriched her life and her readers."
"This book was even better the second time around. I read it as a child, like most did as a required book in school. I recommend everyone to read it again as an adult, it has so much more meaning."
"This classic is filled with lush, beautiful descriptions and the characterization is spot on. Harper Lee did a fabulous job creating a cast of characters her readers instantly fall in love with. Every single page in this book moves the story forward. The way Harper weaves in foreshadowing into the storylines, allowing readers to figure things out for themselves is brilliant. This is a fantastic book club read because it will leave readers thinking about how we can create a better world for years to come. I highly recommend this book to everyone."
Very interesting and I just cant stop reading
"I had not read this book for at least 30 years…….. the material in it is as timely today as it was then.  Harper Lee literally paints pictures of the characters with her words.  I loved every word although some of the events made me 'squirm' with the horrible nature of them.  I pre-ordered her new book and am about to begin reading it as well.  Read this one first if you have not read it before, or, if it was a number of years ago."
Great read
"This book is a slow burner: we are a quarter through it before the main story begins.  That first quarter is giving us a portrait of the relationship between the narrator, the tough little six-year old girl nicknamed “Scout” - who is about six when the story begins in 1932 or 1933 and about nine when it ends - and her brother Jem, her senior by four years.  Their father is the lawyer Atticus Finch:  a superb creation:  wise, calm, laconic, tolerant, polite and self-controlled - a wonderful role model for his children.  Another stirling character is their black cook-housekeeper Calpurnia.  And we get a picture of the close-knit community in a small Alabama town.Then Atticus takes on the defence of Tom Robinson, a black man who has been falsely accused of having raped a white girl.  The ugly character of the community - with the exception of a few individuals - now comes out, as many people of its members now describe Atticus as a “nigger-lover”.  The book now builds to the climax of the trial and its tragic result for Tom.The children have followed all this intensely, and are shocked by the outcome.  They understand the evil resulting from race prejudice, and see through the unconscious hypocrisy of their teacher extolling American democracy and condemning Hitler for his treatment of the Jews.The tempo slackens a bit after that, but then ends with another dramatic incident as one of the racists took vengeance on the Finches. A sub-plot about a mysterious recluse in the township now also comes into its own.The book is rich in symbolism, humane, perceptive of a girl’s evolving view of the world (and of her gender), Humorous in places and a great tract against racism."
Great read after many years ago reading the novel & seeing the movie
Favorite story!
love it. Good quality.
Honestly I just needed it for school.But great so far.Great on delivery!
Good
"I have read this book several times since it was first published,  Each time I have been drawn in and can't put it down.  This time I read it because I want to be ready for ""Go Set a Watchman"".  It too will draw me in.  Harper Lee is fantastic"
"It has been a very long time since I have been so excited about a new book release as I am with Harper Lee's Go Set the Watchman, the sequel to the beloved novel To Kill a Mockingbird. In anticipation of such, I reread To Kill a Mockingbird, and not surprisingly, it stands the test of time.Atticus Finch remains my favorite father-figure character. His genuine, honest words of wisdom resonated with this reader today as it did many years ago as a child reading it for the first time for my high school English class. How I wish the world had a moral compass such as Atticus Finch and that we could all be as compassionate, accepting and empathetic as he was.My children are rereading To Kill a Mockingbird, and are also anxiously awaiting its sequel. Now that says something about the book as well. It touched many generations, and the message remains true today. Let's stop judging one another. Let's take the time to walk in someone else's shoes for awhile. Let's value our character above all else.I loved To Kill a Mockingbird in the past, and I continue to love it to this very day. It is heartwarming. It is heartbreaking. It is timeless."
"I first read TKAM over fifty years ago.  As I have pre-ordered To Set A Watchman, I wanted to re-acquaint myself with the characters.  How lucky we are to have an author as gifted as Harper Lee.  I wish I could thank her personally for my favorite book of all time.  Having finished reading TKAM over a week ago, I could easily read it again for the third time."
It was perfect.
"The reason this book is what it is was because of the timing that it was published and it forced White people to take a look at what was really going on.  For me, it could have been so much more."
"A classic, good book. Highly recommend it."
Classic
My all time favorite book.
"I don't know why I never read this before now; I now know that not doing so was a huge mistake. I could tell you about the gorgeously paced slow build or the accurately rendered southern dialects (the latter maddeningly rare, in my reading experience), but instead I will tell you that this book is exactly the one I needed now in 2015 when my feelings about being a southerner are so very complicated. I am grateful to Ms. Lee for writing a book that clarifies the fact that love and sadness can -- and sometimes must -- be felt at the same time and can lead, eventually, to hope."
"This is a beautifully written book. In light of the things happening in America today, more people should read it and try to be like the Finch's."
Outstanding. Lovely Story. Wonderful characters. Didn't want it to end.
An enjoyable read.
My favorite book of all time. I have read it many times.
I loved the movie and now I love the book.  Can't wait for her new book.
Loved the story.
Never read this book in my youth. Absolutely loved it! Now I understand why it is a classic
Just a really great book.
Fantastic
did not enjoy reading
A must read for an adult.
"Nearly 50 years since I  read it and it stands the test of time. I think the characters, especially the two children, are well portrayed. I'm now looking forward tothe sequel, coming out soon."
a classic!  Have read this book several times over the past thirty years.
Everybody MUST read Harper Lee's classic.  She is a beautiful writer.  Even if you had to read this in secondary school - READ IT AGAIN!  You did not have the maturity to appreciate the beauty of the prose or the insight of the way she writes.  I will give this as a gift over and over again!
Timeless masterpiece
"I have read it many times over the years, it continues to be abook I can't put down.  Waiting patiently for the next book."
"I first read it in high school.  At the time, I remember feeling sad when I got to the last page because I wanted it to just go on and on.  Now, too many years later to count, I found it had the same effect.  This time, however, the sadness at reading that last page was offset by anticipation of the release of Go Set a Watchman.  What a still-timely portrayal of racism and injustice Mockingbird is!"
I feel this is one of the best books that I have read till date. As you go on reading you actually start feeling as if all this is happening around you.you start to feel for the characters.It is really worth reading at least once in your lifetime
The book is special and certainly holds up well - as fresh and meaningful today as when it was written. A unique and personal view into a time and place and culture that resonates.
"A true landmark in American literature, and it was almost not published! (Look it up, it's quite surprising). I won't say much about this book, other than to buy it right now if you haven't already done so."
Just as good the second time.
"After reading To Kill a Mockingbird on my Kindle last month, more than 40 years after reading it for the first time in paperback (and many times throughout the years since), I can honestly say it is still one of my favorite novels, and a true example of classic American literature.  The characters are so richly developed, and the author's recounting of what happened during those few years in Maybomb County, Alabama made me feel like I was right there with Atticus, Jem, Scout, Dill ... and even Boo Radley.  Harper Lee is a master story teller, and I look forward to reading Go Set a Watchman when it is released next week!"
A true classic
Loved it!
It's lessons are still relevant today.
I read this in high school nearly 50 years ago. I am amazed that I missed so much the first time.
Classic story every American kid read in either junior high school or high school. I decided to re-read the story because Harper Lee's new book was coming out and wanted to review her first published story.
...and I need to get it read before everyone talks about Watchman.  What else can you say about it that hasn't been said?
This novel is a true classic.  I have read and reread this many times.  My only negative comment on this order is that I don't like the book size and binding format.  I wish I had gone with a regular format for this.
"Just started rereading some of the ""classics"". Better than I remembered!"
Wonderful read.
"Excellent story, kept me interested. Am looking forward to Harper Lee's new book coming out soon."
Loved it!!
How could i ever review this icon of American literature?  it would be easier to review and comment on the Bible.
Are you kidding?  There aren't enough stars in the heavens for this book
"Narrated by Sissy Spacek, her performance takes you back to a time that stood nearly still. As most people in the U.S. have read this book, it really comes alive with a slight southern draw and Sissy's remarkable talent for capturing audiences. Those of us whom want a change or for those of us who have teens that don't want to read it....this performance will turn that around..."
Came in great condition
Best book I've ever read.  Planning on reading it for the third time.  I also bought it for my grandson to read; he is 8.  I do not think he's too young to read this amazing book.....
I found it tiresome.
"A hauntingly beautiful story that calls you back for rereading frequently. Although most critics seem to refer to this as a masterpiece of racial tensions, I have never found that to be the attraction. For me, this is a story of childhood, of childish games, having fun, learning about the warmth and happiness of friends, family, the clean, naive fear and bravery of the seemingly scary things around us that we view through our still childish eyes,  experiencing the first taste of violence and hostility that exists in the adult world you will soon be a part of, like it or not, and the ability to find comfort from any ugliness in the bosom of family and friends. It's a story of growing up that pulls on the heartstrings and brings forth similar memories of our own childhood lives. It is wonderfully endearing and filled with that magical essence that fills us to over flowing as children, and is always there inside us as adults if we only acknowledge it's presence and let it out once in awhile.Jem and Scout have stuck inside my mind since I first watched the movie as a child,  and read the book for the first of many, many times. I am very passionate about this book and cannot recommend it enough. Everyone needs to meet Jem, Scout,  Atticus, Dill, Boo, Calpurnia, and all the other fascinating people living in Macomb County. It's a magical place worth revisiting over and over throughout our lifetimes."
"Great book. My favorite by far. Read it once per year. The movie wasn't as good as the book, haven't read the sequel yet but can wait."
Great reading...understandably a classic
"we read this as a family. it made us laugh and cry, sometimes all at once.  the prose is spectacular."
"Superb! Doesn't matter how many times one reads it, the story never gets old.  Thank you Harper Lee!"
one of the best ever written!!!  Movie is great too!
Even better the second time around!
"I could never get tired of watching this movie! It's principles still apply to today's culture(or at least they should). What a good lesson for everyone to be reminded of daily. ""Just Do The Right Thing"" and God will take care of the rest."
"A solid coming of age novel that explores race and social relations. Character development is rich and the era is depicted brilliantly. A good read on the Kindle for easy access to the dictionary, as this book will test an average vocabulary. A provocative read that will stick with you and inspire further contemplation of humanity and your role in it.  It would be great to read in parallel with a young adult, as a medium to open dialogue about a vast array of issues we can all relate to in a complex society. I thoroughly enjoyed this book as an adult reader, but suspect much of it was lost to my 14-year old, who hasn't yet finished it."
A book about a man who fights the fights no one else wants to fight. This man leaves the court room and the black people in the balcony stand as he walks by. Atticus Finch is the man!!  The children learn how to live and love from this great man.
"One of my favorite hard cover books made into a movie with Gregory Peck in the lead as Atticus Finch, small town legislator, lawyer and widowed father. Thrilled to make it one of my first ebook choices!"
Great classic!
"Wonderful, classic novel!"
"A great classic.  Enjoyed all things ""southern"" in the story.  So looking forward to Lee's next book."
"This is a classic and a lot of other reviews cover the plot so I won't get into that. What I will say is that I read this book originally in middle school and just reread it as someone in my late 20s. There is so much that went over my head in middle school and I would highly recommend rereading this as an adult. When I read this book in middle school, I had no idea who Truman Capote was or that one of the characters as based on him. Now that I have read a lot about Capote, I also found this book much more interesting and really focused on that character's development."
Can't believe it took me 30 years to read this.  Atticus Finch if my hero!!
Classic. Re-reading before the release of her lost transcript.
"The storyline is timeless and evocative of small towns in the South, with all their contradictions and closeness. Many before me have lauded this writing as important to understanding the racial divide we still face daily and I join them. As many have said, this is perhaps the most important work of the 20th Century."
"Our book club voted to read this book for July. I must have read it in high school, but had forgotten a lot of it. Absolutely loved it and probably understood more of it than I would have 50 years ago! Must read for all, but especially older southerners."
"Awesome, outstanding, climb the top of the tallest building and shout hurray.  It's as fantastic the 6th or 7th time as it is the 1st time."
"If you ""had"" to read this in high school and  plodded through it for the final exam, I urge you to read it again and relish the descriptive and captivating story, complete with its heart-breaking discrimination. Atticus definitely models to his children and his community the importance of stopping discrimination in its tracks. The story could almost have been plucked out of today's news - sadly. Even without this connection, the quality of the writing makes reading it worthwhile."
I will read it again!
My all time favorite!
Everyone should read this book at least once in their lives
A must read for everyone. I will go back to read it again and again. So effortlessly written that it draws you in and you feel as if you are there with Jem and Scout.
"Classic literature. I read this in high school and decided to revisit it years later, so glad I did. a wonderful work."
"In preparation for its sequel, I read this book, which is truly the most amazing book ever. It is so well-written and the characters are so wonderful. Atticus Finch is my hero!!"
This book is powerful and compelling...Lee's story is classical fiction at its best...very powerful message. My only gripe is you can tell the ending about 40 pages before you actually read it and you know the fate of the trial probably before you read the book.If you haven't read this book i highly suggest it...and if your still in school i would suggest reading it for fun before you have to do assignments on it and it ruins it for you.
A wonderful classic. Had to get a new copy because I wore out my old (really really old) copy.
I think it important that everyone reads this book. An absolute masterpiece
"I bought this book for my hardcover collection. I could not be more pleased, the slip cover is very well made as is the book. To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the books I learned to love reading. I've read it several times as well as watched the movie. I  normally buy kindle editions but when I saw Harper Lee was writing a sequel I had to add it to my collection as well as this one. Money well spent."
"Yes,  Very Good, enjoyable read.  Will have to get the follow up."
TRUTH!!!!
Some classics lose their groundbreaking newness with age. Not To Kill A Mockingbird.Absolutely fabulous. I couldn't put it down.
"Three starts because of the price.  Content is classic.Not worth $10 to read on Kindle but I wanted to reread before buying ""Go Set a Watchman.""  Others complain about the cheap added features.  I tried to use a few of them and they either didn't work or weren't user friendly."
"The ""enhanced"" kindle version does not include the professional narration. This is very misleading! Don't waste money on this edition unless the audible portion is not important. There are some interviews and supplementary materials, which may be of interest. Otherwise, just purchase an e-book."
I remember skimming this book as an assignment in school but was not impressed.  Then as a teacher I was asked to read this book to a class of 7th graders in the Deep South in the 80's.  I tried but was horrified of the N word and afraid of the consequences.  Today I finished a leisurely reading of every page and was consumed with the fantastic storyline and the absence of political correctness.  There should be more Atticus Finches all over the country.  Today I am looking forward to more from Harper Lee and her second book.
"Fabulous, of course."
Perfect condition
"One of my absolute favorite books. I had to read it a few years ago for a high school class, and just reread it this summer before the second book comes out. It was even better than I remembered; so sweet and innocent, yet funny. I recently saw the movie for the first time, and it was definitely worth seeing, but nothing compares to the book. Harper Lee is an amazing author."
Loved the bookThought provokingEnjoyed. Never really read it but in my late 60's it was enjoyableI'm a slow reader but got the audible and it made it easier.
"Like many others, I absolutely love this novel.  With over 6,000 reviews, what else can be said?  I have recently learned something that I hope will prove useful to others.  Until recently I had not realized that Harper Lee was a childhood friend of Truman Capote.  Maybe everyone else knew that, I did not.  I also did not know Dill, one of my favorite characters, was drawn from Truman Capote.  Anyway, if one happens to be interested, read ""Other Voices, Other Rooms"" by Truman Capote.  This is an semi autobiographical fiction composed by Truman Capote.  The protagonist, Joel Knox, is drawn from the author.  I feel that one can find traces of the source of Dill in chapter 2 and chapter 4 of this fine, first novel of Truman Capote.  Additionally, another character, Idabell, is composed by Truman Capote, using Harper Lee as an inspiration.  Just in case anyone will enjoy this information."
I will read this book many more times - have already read it three times
I recently reread this book after not reading it since the 7th grade. I had forgotten how amazingly written the book is. How you love the characters and are drawn into the story. If you have never read this book or are rereading it..its such a wonderful read.
Timeless literature. Especially relevant these days. Though more subtle - and acknowledging great gains - racism remains a social evil.
One of the greatest American novels of all time. I have read this book many times throughout my life and have come away from it amazed each time.
"I read  this when I was very young and enjoyed it very much.  As a parent, it touched me in a more personal way.  The development of the characters and plot still captivated me.  A great read- not to be missed!"
"Excellent story, and now can't wait to see the movie again since I saw it so many years ago without reading the book.  It is a classic that should not be missed."
"Wonderful, powerful, awesome"
I will read this to my grandchildren.  I can't explain why I had not read it before.  Probably because I saw the movie.  Can't wait to discuss this with my oldest grandchild.
This is a very well written story that should be required reading for everyone.
I read this book 40 years ago and enjoyed reading just as much this time around.  One of the all time great books of our times.
"I hadn't read it in High School, and I think this is one of my favorite books of all timme"
Not as good as they say.
"Please read this book, it has everything one would wish for in a book, to me this is a masterpiece, I have read it a few times and each time is like the first time."
"One of my favorite books of all time. Set in the south, the main character, Scout, leads the reader through several years in her life. Including the time her father, an attorney, defends an African-American man for the rape of a Caucasian girl. I've read it at over and over again!"
A must read.
Wonderful Book!
One of the best books I've ever read (twice)
great book
This book accompanied me through my SAT days. I was totally captivated by it. Best book!
Classic! Everyone should read this novel.
What can I say-one if the best books ever written.
daughter liked the book but wasn't really impressed with it. I however loved the book.  Great classic to introduce to young adults.
A truly enjoyable read - slow to start but worth it when the story begins to unfold.
Great classic book
My favorite. Love reading on my phone.
"My all-time favorite book; a must read again and again. Unforgettable characters, an emotional story, and outstanding descriptions by the author all make this a book for the ages. It will certainly touch your soul."
Very disappointed with this version. Says it comes with audio book but really it's only a one chapter sample. I feel duped.
Terrific book on growing up and managing the unsightly vagaries of life.
"I enjoyed the simplicity of the writing style and the complicated subject matter.  What is so clear to a young person is what they witness at home (scout watching Atticus), how their thoughts are refined through the eyes of their siblings and friends (Jem and Dill) and the genuine love and affection of the family they are surrounded by (all the above and Calpurnia).  Understanding comes through exposure and frank discussion and this book has all of that as viewed through the eyes of a child-like child.Cannot wait to read the next book by Harper Lee - her last."
Can't wait until her new book comes out!
Can't wait til the next book.
"So many life lessons in this book.  Scout and Jem learn daily from their father, a brave, kind, strong man.  Excellent story line with twists and turns. This book should be required reading for all young folks and their parents."
"If you only read one novel in your lifetime, this should be it. Told from the perspective of a young girl in Depression era Alabama in a single-parent home during a racially-charged event in her small town, her insights on growing up and learning to be a girl, racial and social divisions, the meaning of courage, and how to stand in another person's shoes to see things from their point of view are valuable to all of us who aspire to be the Atticus of our own neighborhoods, and invaluable to those who hadn't ever considered  such a thing as a possibility."
"Doubtless, you are familiar with the film of the same name. I had never read the book until now and the film is a brilliant representation of the book which fleshes out the characters more thoroughly and made watching the movie more pleasurable."
To Kill A Mockingbird is INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!! It is a MUST read for Everyone!!!!!!!
Super fast ship  awesome
"Read this wonderful novel by Harper Lee about 35 years after the first time.  Found that I had missed so much the first time around, or I now have read it as an adult, with different perspectives on so many issues.  Loved it the first time and loved it so much more this time.  Can't wait to read the new novel by Harper Lee!"
Great read!
Still held magic after 52 years. Almost forgot how this novel hooked me the first time with it's engaging aliveness. Willing to read this again.
"I read this issue of the book in preparation for reading ""Go Set A Watchman"".  I had not read this book since I was a child, shortly after it was published.  I read it back then from the library, after my mom read it and suggested I read it.  I read it from the library again this time.  I loved the illustrations and the set up of the book.  I loved the story as much as I remember loving it back then.  As a now sixty year old woman, I can appreciate the nuances more than I did as a kid. However, as a kid, and now, I appreciate that the story is told from the point of view of of a young girl who is growing up and learning about the world. I'd never forgotten Boo Radley and the feelings he evoked in me as a child. It was nice to visit him again.I look forward to Ms. Lee's ""new"" book.  I hope I like it as much or more than this classic read."
Excellent read.
Love it
Excellent story.
Great condition and a good book. it was long but had a good story line.
"With all the recent news about Harper Lee I felt compelled to read Mockingbird again. It never fails to entertain, charm and encourage self reflection."
"I wanted to read this book in preparation for Harper Lee's newly published book. I saw the movie many, many years ago and I'd forgotten most of the story. Everything about this book is fantastic. The characters are vivid, story is intriguing. Lee lets the story unfold so it's fairly easy toward the end to figure out whodunit but it's beautiful the way she allowed it to flow. It's clear to see why this is a classic and why it's suggested reading in some schools.It's a fairly quick read so I'd suggest to everyone that they go back and take another peek at the book. It's refreshing to see that it's a great read after all these years and how it still fits into our times/culture even with our many technological and cultural advances."
Great book-could not put it down.
"Great, should have read along time ago! Understand why it's so highly recommended and in the top ten greatest novels"
Excellent book. Can't wait for the sequel to come out July 14 th.
I found this book very boring and filled with children's antics.  Very little adult prose and the issue with Tom Robertson was left unfinished.I cannot recommend this book to anyone.
This is a great book to read. Not done with it yest.
Warm little pearl giving insight to the Southern US in the 1930's as well as a lot of human insight across race and culture.
Enjoyed it as much as the first time read if not more. Can't wait for the release of  Go Set a Watchman.
"Harper Lee stands out as a pioneer  writing genius who broke every rule of the story-telling trade. She held a floodlight to the ugliest social dynamics of her time and blew the cover off America’s more subtle snobbery. She dared to educate generations of adults through the narrative voice of a child. Then she did something even more absurd. She created a young protagonist, Scout Finch, who was astonishingly independent, wise, articulate—and female.Recommending this book as a KEM GEM may seem like a no-brainer. But I’d do a disservice if I didn’t. If you haven’t read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD, slide it to the top of your bucket list. It’ll make you want to hug a defense lawyer, visit a shut-in, resolve a human rights violation, and become a better person—after you roll down the street in a tire.Favorite line“The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.” ~ Atticus Finch"
Arguably the greatest American novel every written.
"The book is 5-stars; this ""Enhanced Edition"" is not.WARNING: The audiobook mentioned (read by Sissy Spacek) is only ONE CHAPTER. If you just want the ebook, there is another CHEAPER version. If you want the audiobook, you'll have to buy the audible narration as an add-on (or the audiobook at audible.com)."
It was way too long before I read this classic. Being from the south made the language and the issues very real. A good read for everyone.
"My first reading of To Kill a Mockingbird is as distant a memory as is the name of the High School English teacher who assigned it. This is not the fault of the book or its author, but rather of my being ""out to lunch"" and defiant throughout much of my school career. Over the past few days, I have listened to Sissy Spacek read the classic on audio disks. Her lilting Southern drawl stuck in my head, even as the very real nourishment this story stuck to my soul's  ribs and heart. So moving, and pertinent to our current predicament regarding race relations in this country is this tale about coming of age and coming to consciousness, that I sobbed for great long passages and had to rewind and listen again to  several parts. Harper Lee's skill in getting out of the way of the story is astonishing. Her telling is straight forward, simple and elegant. I feel myself to be at the knee of a captivating master wordsmith, feeling warmed and fed by some ancient fire in a circle of other humans, coming to quench some deep hunger. To Kill a Mockingbird is divinely filling.  Scout, Jem, and Dill, and their adults - Atiticus, Calpurnia, Miss Maudie, Boo Radley and others will live in my heart-pocket 'til I'm out of here - feet first!"
A classic. Rereading in anticipation of Go Set a Watchman.
A classic everyone should read.  Good life lessons.
Fabulous.
"I am still amazed that every time I re-read this book I still cry when Scout says ""Hi Boo.""  Considering everything that is going on in America right now in terms of race relations, this book addresses the problems we still fight today. I cannot wait to read Ms. Lee's new book. God bless her for writing the truth and God help us if we don't learn from it."
"Over six decades ago, Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird was released. It became a best seller and is taught in schools across our nation. I just finished reading it for the third time—each reading about fifteen years apart—and I can say unequivocally that the novel deserves all the accolades it has ever received. Lee’s message is clear: that we should never “kill” a positive influence in our lives, and that, indeed, most people have hidden qualities that are positive. In making her point, she gives us wonderful, folksy characters who speak truths and entertain, as well. Her central plot point turns on the rape trial of a black man, and the compassion, understanding, and love she shows this character was ground breaking when she published the novel, and it is most definitely ground breaking for her characters to have such attitudes, since they are living in 1930s Alabama. So much praise has been given TKM that I don’t need to add to it. Suffice it to say if you haven’t read this remarkable book, you should pick it up right now."
Re-read of a classic.
one of the best books ever written...unfortunately still some lessons to heed for these times. i consider this book mandatory reading for everyone.
Great read
I really enjoyed this coming of age story.
this is a wonderful book.  A must read!
GREAT READING !!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a classic for a reason. Harper Lee is brilliant - the writing is excellent and the story is timeless and engaging. I would recommend this book to anyone who hasn't read it yet!
"After all these years I finally read this book.  I love the writing, love the story and love the characters - Scout, Jem and Atticus.  Very moving!"
"This is a fantastic novel...should be read by everyone.  Sensitive, relevant to today's times, Pulitzer material.  Third time I have read it over the years."
A tribute to values.  Very good.  Attics is a great character sketch of courage in the face of right or wrong.
"This is plainly the best book ever written - moving, meaningful, and the most clear depiction of the horrors of prejudice and the lessons taught."
On my grand-daughter's reading list.
"I have not read this book for many years, and yet even after such a long period of time, the book was as powerful and beautifully written as it was to me the first time I read it."
"A very quick read told through the eyes and ears of a child, very interesting perspective of the rural South."
I think we all know the general plot from the wonderful movie - the books has lots more to the story.
I haven't read this for years but it is still s sweet and great book for its time and the present. One of my top three of all time.
What a fabulous book.  I cannot believe I never read this in high school.  Harper Lee was ahead of her time.  I will retread this book!
A must read for racist American's.
"Over 50 years ago I read Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird, which I've considered to be one of my favorite books of all time with its highly  memorable cast of fictional characters. Recently, I decided to read this book again prior to reading Lee's ""new"" book, Go Set A Watchman, which comes out in mid-July -- although I have to admit I was a little concerned that it might not live up to the great memories I have of it. My concern was totally unfounded. To Kill A Mockingbird stands the test of time -- as do all classics; and, in my opinion, To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic.As many of you know, To Kill A Mockingbird is a coming-of-age novel that takes place during a three-year period during the 1930's in a small rural town in Alabama and follows the lives of its main characters -- Scout, her brother, Jem, and their father Atticus. Central to the plot is the arrest and trial of a young black man accused of raping a white woman and Atticus Finch's defense of the black man.For me, To Kill A Mockingbird continues to be one of the most compassionate, funny, wise and, at times, heartbreaking books I have ever read, as it explores such key themes as race, class, justice and the challenges of growing up.I hope this review helps to motivate you to read To Kill A Mockingbird or to re-read it, as I did. I know you'll be glad you did!"
a good listen
"Read it for the 5th time when my book club decided to ""go retro"" with our last selection.  As always, I was moved to tears.  Gave me pause to realize we as a nation may not have made as much progress re race relations as we might like to fool ourselves into believing, in light of recent events.  I pray that in my lifetime, the message in this wonderful book will be held up as something that ""used to be"", and is no longer needed except as historical perspective."
I've loved this book since I was a kid! I feel like I learn more every time I re-read it.
Brilliant;
This is one of my favorite books. I look forward to reading the next book by Harper Lee with great anticipation.
Great book
I read this classic many years ago and included it in a group of books to re-visit. It was just as enjoyable as the first time I read it.
An outstanding book.  Well worth reading over and over.
It is in a ok condition.
"Rated as one of the best books ever written, I now know why. Set in a small town in southern Alabama during the height of the great depression, the story emphasizes some of the best qualities of human beings and contrasts these with some of the worst. Told in retrospect from the viewpoint of Jean Louise Finch, known as Scout, from the summer before she started school until a little after she started third grade, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" chronicles the daily lives of the Finches and the happenings in and around Maycomb county. Scout tells the story almost as she is writing a diary. From the summer before she started first grade when she met Charles Baker Harris, who went by Dill and became her best summer time friend, until Halloween of her third grade year and a night that would forever change her family.Scout tells the story in a somewhat naïve manner that is at time heart warming and other times comedic.She recounts the summers spent with Dill and Jem fondly, and Dill was forever plotting ways for them to catch a glimpse of the town's boogeyman, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley. Her story takes us back to a time when the entire country was struggling, where children respected their elders, honesty was tangible and people could actually go to bed without locking their doors and still feel safe. But while these virtues were extolled, humanity's rotten underbelly was exposed in the form prejudice and hatred.While Scout recalls the lazy days of summer fun and tediousness of school, the focus of the story changes to Atticus, her attorney father, and his desire to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman. Despite Atticus's assurances that the town people were their friends, the entire Finch family suffers backstabbing remarks and innuendos. The outcome of the trial was a foregone conclusion, yet Atticus had made enemies from his desire to see all men equal under the law.Some people also find out that what's right and the law are sometimes two different things, and sometimes justice just has a way of sneaking up on us. And to my mind, two quotes get to the heart of the matter in this book. First,  sheriff Heck Tate explains to Atticus, ""To my way of thinkin’, Mr. Finch, taking the one man who’s done you and this town a great service an’ draggin’ him with his shy ways into the limelight— to me, that’s a sin. It’s a sin and I’m not about to have it on my head. If it was any other man it’d be different. But not this man, Mr. Finch.” And second, when Atticus asks if Scout understood what the sheriff meant, she replied “'Yes sir, I understand, Mr. Tate was right.' Atticus disengaged himself and looked at me. 'What do you mean?' 'Well, it’d be sort of like shootin’ a mockingbird, wouldn’t it?'”Lee, Harper (2014-07-08). To Kill a Mockingbird (Harperperennial Modern Classics) (p. 370). HarperCollins. Kindle Edition.Lee, Harper (2014-07-08). To Kill a Mockingbird (Harperperennial Modern Classics) (pp. 369-370). HarperCollins. Kindle Edition."
"Late to the game on reading this classic. Excellent, excellent book. Made me remember how much I love to read."
I think this is my all time favorite book! The characters seems so real. It's like you really knew them. I missed them when I finished the book!
This book is well worth a second look from the other side of fifty years old. The meaning is so much more powerful now.
A work of art!
Fabulous book.
"The best book I have ever read - and I'm an English teacher. Brilliant, funny, and engaging. The paper back is pretty good quality for mass production."
"Such a classic. Reread this over and over my entire life. A story about rumors, racism and childhood innocence. Must read for age teen and above."
"Enjoyed this book very much.  I thought it might take a while to read it, but the style was very easy to read for me.  Reading it, I realized why it is such a classic!"
Good book in good condition
"It is always difficult to judge a book that is considered an undisputed masterpiece of modern fiction, a modern classic. I don’t even try. I just want to try to summarize in a few words what this book left to me.It’s surprising that a book of fifty years ago “sounds” so modern while reading, especially if the events described are from decades earlier. It’s a quite short and uncomplicated novel that you can read and enjoy at any age.The narrative voice is that of a little girl, and as she tells us the trivial facts of her daily life, she assists to events bigger than her, but she deals them with the simple wisdom and innocence that only a child can have. And so a racist incident in the thirties of the twentieth century, a racism that was still a sad reality in the time of the writing of the novel and that unfortunately partly still is today, becomes an opportunity to portray an overview of the southern United States, where things happen as everybody expects and where the little light of an almost heroic gesture at the end of the novel illuminates a resigned and disillusioned reality.Rita Carla Francesca Monticelli, author of Red Desert - Point of No Return"
"I recently revisited this book for the first time since middle school; I remember having not been tremendously impressed with this book as a child, even though I already knew of its pervasive reputation as an all-time classic.  My verdict upon this re-reading:  You need to have some years and experience under your belt before you can truly appreciate what Lee has accomplished with this story.  The author's first-person rendering of a family and town caught up in a sensationalistic white-vs.-black rape trial is full of subtly woven thematic elements about the ways in which society is coded to accept certain groups on certain terms and no others, and how the moral example of one man sets a beacon for the rest of us to attempt to emulate.It is ironic to be writing about this book in light of the incidents in South Carolina yesterday.  It makes me think of why this story, a relatively small, modest tale about a small-town country lawyer who loses the one case we see him take to court, has been embraced by so many.  I think it's because we all look around the world in which we live today, and we see too few Atticus Finches, too many Bob Ewells, and far, far too many Tom Robinsons."
I found it very enduring. It reminded me of old movies of the South. Scout and Jem were inquisitive children.
Wonderful book.
Thank you.
One of my all-time favorite books.  I had to buy this copy because I read my other copies until they fell apart.  I'm not sure what else I can say that would add to the many reviews this book has already received.
I love this book. I'm an English teacher and it never gets old.
thank god my kids got to read it..i liked it and was happy to see so did my kids..after a slow start they got true it and talked about the story for a long while
"This is a great read. A story about values, and the difference between right and wrong. Set in the south during the depression and told from the point of view of a child."
"Read the story when I was in high school so I decided to buy the book and read it again, still a great story!"
enjoyed book
Classic
wonderful reading..........tells a story that captures you from the first sentence.
I found it rather tedious until the focus on trial.  Too much everyday life content!  Sorry I know this is one of the prize books!
This book is a classic.  Many have to read it in high school but it should be read again as an adult With a different perspective.
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird for a high school book report when it was first published in the 1960's; I decided to read it again, this time for enjoyment. The ending is somewhat predictable, since it is based in the Jim Crow South of the depression era. Still, it is very well written and the author's use of a child as the narrator and main character is brilliant."
"Beautifully written. The artful use of language, the rich and multi layered characters and the touching social commentary makes this one of the best books of all times."
Outstanding!
great
This is my absolute favorite book of all time. I love Harper Lee's style of writing and her poignant truth about the South. It is a must read!
"This classic book was recommended to me by my mom, because it was her favorite book, and it is a great book! I loved it. DEfinitely a great read!"
Essential reading. Talks of the hypocrisy of justice and Smalltown prejudice.  Mostly about making a stand even if you know that justice won't be served.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite books (i'm sure i'm not alon in that). It is just as compelling, or perhaps more so, than when it was first written. Courageous, moving, thought-provoking, and often funny, TKAMB is one of maybe two books that I enjoyed reading in English class back in high school. A must-read for anyon who is related to someone who lived in the '30s."
"When I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" in high school, I loved it. (Not common for a required book.)  Fifty years later, my feelings have only deepened, driven perhaps by the many details that passed unobserved by my younger self."
This is a powerful story with many layers of meaning about a small Alabama town during the Great Depression. Harper Lee has created vivid characters that create a moving narrative of their lives.
Son had to read for middle school English class.  Great resource.
"Scout Finch is our young protagonist in this coming of age story during the Great Depression.  She lives with her father, Atticus and older brother Jem.  Their mother died when Scout was only two years old.  The two kids befriend Dill, a youngster who spends his summers in the neighborhood of Maycomb, Alabama.  They play well together, and one of their favorite games is playacting the reclusive Radley family.  The Radley place is very spooky, made even spookier with the retelling of stories about the family.  The kids begin to find small little ‘gifts’ in the knothole of a tree on the Radley property.Atticus is a lawyer and they are doing fairly well compared to many during the depression.  The community is primarily white, and neighbors are shocked when Atticus agrees to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who’d been accused of raping a white woman.  He is held in a local jail as the trial begins and a mob forms as people have their minds set and want to hang him.Harper Lee won the Pulitzer Prize in Fiction in 1961 for To Kill a Mockingbird.  It was the only book published by Harper Lee until now.  On July 14, there will be a long-awaited sequel called Go Set a Watchman.  I liked all the characters in To Kill a Mockingbird and I loved the strength shown by Atticus and how he influenced his two children in the face of opposition.  The beginning was fun – children will be children after all.  Their antics, although not admirable, were fairly innocent.  This is wonderfully told historical fiction set in the Deep South during one of the hardest times America has gone through.  Rating: 4 out of 5."
Classic excellence!
Assigned to read this my freshman year of high school I could not bear to get passed the first chapter and used SparkNotes to get through the semester. Reading it genuinely as an adult I have come to appreciate and love it like never before. I high recommend.
Just like I remembered.
heart warming.  bonded with all characters.  loved every page
after all these years... to read it again was Fabulous... Enjoy!!
It is no wonder why it has stood the test of time!!It is pure and simple A CLASSIC MUST READ!!
I read this book again to see how much I remembered from high school 40 years ago.  I had forgotten a lot but it is still a great book. It was better this time around
A quintessential novel about growing up in a southern town (envisaged by the author) and also a good example of morals.
"Excellent, classic."
"An American classic. Very easy to get into and not want to put down. Although when it was done, I wasn't quite sure what all the fuss is about. Some people call this the best novel ever, but for me it was more like food for thought about what it must have been like living in the South in the early part of last century. People were much more divided by race and social class, and this novel chronicled that. Giving it 4 stars because I didn't feel real satisfaction when it was over."
"Very moving. Could not put it down. This is the second time I've read it, and have seen the movie with Gregory Peck a half dozen times, appreciating it more each time."
"With the announcement of a new novel coming out by Harper Lee, my book club decided to re - read To Kill a Mockingbird. It had been 45 years since I read it and found I had forgotten much of it. A very well written book with many life lessons that are more obvious to me as an adult than they were as a child. The characters of Atticus, Jem and Scout were so real.  Unfortunately, so was the theme of racism.  Will we ever learn?"
Still one of the best books I've read. Can't wait for her other book to come out
Very well written#
Forever a classic! A must read at least once in everyone's life. This is my second time and I will definitely be reading again.
My all time favorite book
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
"If I could give this novel ten stars, I would. This is one of the finest novels of the English language. I have taught this novel, so I've read it out loud to countless tenth grade classes over my twenty-four year teaching career, and I never get tired of it. I think this novel has such touching and beautiful themes about life and humanity that it speaks to us at every age. It's a different book to me now than it was when I was thirty and when I was twenty. A book that grows with you is a masterpiece. Boo Radley. Dill. Miss Maudie. Calpurnia. Atticus. Aunt Alexandra. These characters have become archetypes. Sure, the novel is about racism and inequality, but it's also about hope and bravery and childhood and all those things which make us truly human. If you haven't read this book since tenth grade yourself, give it another read. You've grown. I'm willing to bet the book has grown with you."
Excellent.
I wish I had read this book sooner. I felt as if I was there with them. This is a must read !
"“To Kill a Mocking Bird” is a novel by the author Harper Lee. The novel was an immediate success when first published in 1963 and is now considered a modern literary classic. The book is almost semi-autobiographical in nature as it is loosely based on the author’s childhood recollections of her family and neighbours in her home town in 1936.  The story is set during the Great Depression in the fictional town of Maycomb County. It starts out with 6-year-old Jean Louise Finch (Scout), and her brother, Jem, meeting and befriending a boy named Dill. The three of them are both terrified and fascinated by their reclusive neighbour Arthur “Boo” Radley. Their father, a widowed middle aged lawyer, Atticus, is a voice of reason and the moral hero of the book. Atticus is appointed to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell (the Ewell’s are of questionable moral standing). The book deals with themes of racial inequality, rape and the destruction of innocence. The title of the book is derived from something Atticus says to Jem and Scout when they are learning how to use their shiny new air rifles ­- ""I'd rather you shot at tin cans in the back yard, but I know you'll go after birds. Shoot all the bluejays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" Atticus Finch has become one of the most enduring characters of literature. There was a really good film adaption from 1962 and subsequently I couldn’t help but imagine Atticus as Gregory Peck the whole time while ready the book.  It is written in first person narrative using mainly past tense but Lee employs flash-backs in such a way that she can describe events as though they are currently happening to her youthful self. “To Kill a Mocking Bird” is written with incredible warmth and humour – it is a nostalgic look at the author’s past through the rose tinted glasses of a child or innocent. At the time of writing this review  “To Kill a Mocking Bird”  is Lee’s only published novel  (which amazes  me considering she won a Pulitzer prize and the book is such a success). However there is some talk of a 2nd novel being released posthumously in July 2015."
"“To Kill a Mocking Bird” is a novel by the author Harper Lee. The novel was an immediate success when first published in 1963 and is now considered a modern literary classic. The book is almost semi-autobiographical in nature as it is loosely based on the author’s childhood recollections of her family and neighbours in her home town in 1936.  The story is set during the Great Depression in the fictional town of Maycomb County. It starts out with 6-year-old Jean Louise Finch (Scout), and her brother, Jem, meeting and befriending a boy named Dill. The three of them are both terrified and fascinated by their reclusive neighbour Arthur “Boo” Radley. Their father, a widowed middle aged lawyer, Atticus, is a voice of reason and the moral hero of the book. Atticus is appointed to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell (the Ewell’s are of questionable moral standing). The book deals with themes of racial inequality, rape and the destruction of innocence. The title of the book is derived from something Atticus says to Jem and Scout when they are learning how to use their shiny new air rifles ­- ""I'd rather you shot at tin cans in the back yard, but I know you'll go after birds. Shoot all the bluejays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" Atticus Finch has become one of the most enduring characters of literature. There was a really good film adaption from 1962 and subsequently I couldn’t help but imagine Atticus as Gregory Peck the whole time while ready the book.  It is written in first person narrative using mainly past tense but Lee employs flash-backs in such a way that she can describe events as though they are currently happening to her youthful self. “To Kill a Mocking Bird” is written with incredible warmth and humour – it is a nostalgic look at the author’s past through the rose tinted glasses of a child or innocent. At the time of writing this review  “To Kill a Mocking Bird”  is Lee’s only published novel  (which amazes  me considering she won a Pulitzer prize and the book is such a success). However there is some talk of a 2nd novel being released posthumously in July 2015."
"One of my all time favorite books ever.  It's easy to see why Harper Lee needed only write one book (I know the new one is coming out summer  2015) as this one can't be topped.  Told from the viewpoint of a young girl; the story is about growing up and making choices, about right and wrong, and human prejudice.  It s about standing up for what you believe in even if it means you may suffer major consequences because of it.  I love that High School's put it on their Required Reading Lists because every Teenager should read this book.  Very thought provoking and very touching. It will lead to great discussions in classrooms and within Book Clubs and Families."
Best
"Not a bad story,It follows some common plots, but still worth the read."
A classic!  Timeless in it's content..Great read.
Great classic!
"It's been probably 50 years since I last read this book and my memory of it was probably more about the movie. The structure of this is stunning. The story is so wonderful but it does make you ask ""has much changed since then?"""
I listened to it this time around. Sissy Spacek was perfect giving a voice to Scout.
I read it as a child in school and it still remains one of the best books I've ever read. I have preordered Go Set A Watchman and can't wait to get it.
A timeless story of love and acceptance in 1930's America. Well worth the time to read it.
"What can I say, it's a classic. I've watched the movie at least a dozen times in my life but had never read the book. Just like many movie adaptations, the book is better. More detail about the characters and life in the deep south. I liked it!!"
"A classic that is worth rereading periodically.  It grows in complexity as history evolves, but also as readers age and add their own layer of mature understanding to the issues.  Our book club just did a ""Book and Movie"" meeting and enjoyed the comparative discussion.  We are looking forward to the publication of Go Set a Watchman later this summer!"
"It’s been almost a year since I picked up the book “To Kill a Mockingbird” and started reading it but I still remember it like it was last week. The summer of 8th I was basically FORCED to read it for a grade. At first I was so mad that I had to read this book and refused to do it, my plan was to just spark note the whole book and every chapter in it. But during a long drive to Lake Chelan I decided I would bring the book with me and start reading a few pages. I slowly started to become interested in the book and continued reading it and eventually ended up finishing the story and being very proud that I did.The story was written in the 1930’s, a time with a high level of racism. Once Scout and Jem (two kids of Atticus) discover that their father is representing a black man named Tom Robinson who was accused of raping a white woman, they’re slandered with racial slurs and offensive comments by other people in their community due to Atticus’ role in the situation. After Jem decided to act poorly towards an old lady, he is sentenced to read to her daily for a month while Scout has to deal with her aunt coming to town and tries to make her more of a “girly girl”The thing I liked about the book is that it still applies to things happening now. Sadly, people are still frowned upon for representing a person of color in the court of law and racial slurs are still being thrown around at people for no reason.The rising action of the story is when Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of raping her. Because the story was written in 1930’s when racism was everywhere and Tom Robinson was a black man, a lot of people started to look down on Atticus’ family and emotionally hurt them. Regardless of what happens during the trial, Atticus continues to defend Tom Robinson and make sure they prove Mayella is lying.I highly recommend this book to those who enjoy reading books about racism or racial issues during the great depression that aren’t depressing, also i recommend this book to people who just enjoy reading about mystery’s because in the book all the kids try and figure out the mystery of Boo Radley. Lastly, I would recommend this book to just about anyone entering high school because it shows that many people will have many different opinions about things that have nothing to do with them and they aren’t always the nicest."
Great
Everybody should read this book.
"When I heard a long-lost Harper Lee manuscript set 10 years after the events of To Kill a Mockingbird was to be published as Go Set a Watchman, I decided to refresh my memory about Lee's literary classic. I actually wasn't quite sure whether I'd read the book or only seen the movie. As it turns out, i must not have read the book because even at my then-young age I would have noted the spectacular writing. Published at the dawn of the civil rIghts movement, ""Mockingbird"" evokes the race relations of the Depression-era rural South, the seedbed of the great human rights struggle that was yet to come. It's a coming of age story for the characters, and for our nation. If you haven't read this wonderful book, read it. If you have read it, read it again."
"Great book, looking forward to July 14th for new Harper Lee book"
Great story and a classic indeed. It is quite amazing how society has changed since the times described in this book.
One of the best books ever written. Every time I read it I enjoy it even more. Teaches lessons that everyone should learn
"Harper Lee’s Pulitzer prize-winning novel is a sentimental look back at life in a small Southern town as well as a bracing portrait of racism with a grim depiction of American life. Young Scout Finch is a wonderful narrator, courageous and inquisitive, and her stories involving brother Jem, father Atticus, a lawyer, and neighbor Dill capture the flavour of depression-era Maycomb Alabama. Her hatred for school, among other genially rebellious attitudes, win over the reader (she believes that if she keeps swearing her father will conclude that she’s learning bad words in school and will let her drop out) and her stories of neighborhood life which focus mainly on the mysterious Radley home where Arthur “Boo” Radley lives but is never seen, create a literary small town that comes alive in the imagination.This first section of school and summer games leads up to the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of assaulting a white woman. Scout’s father is appointed to be his public defender and the trial lays bare the prejudices and racism, as well as the honor and sense of justice, of the people of Maycomb.There are as many ways to enjoy this novel as there are readers, surely. Read it for the Southern culture, the church-going and cooking, the delineation of Southern Womanhood and Scout’s navigation of manners. Or read it for the sad and telling depiction of racism and prejudice, a wonderfully constructed plot which is both humane and devastating. This is a novel with both lighter and darker elements and the way in which they are mixed together is skillful and satisfying, enhanced my many varied characters and symbolism and told through the eyes of a young child forced to confront the ugliness of the world but also learning, outside of school, some important lessons."
This started out slowly but ended up being one of my all time favorite books.
A very good classic book to read and a good movie to watch.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Lee does such a great job making the story come alive and the characters so real.
"I have seen the movie a hundred times I am sure. I thought it was time to finally read this book. So detailed and exciting, it makes the movie more moving. A must read"
Truly an American Classic.  Especially at this time in our history.
"The novel itself is a classic of American literature. I highly recommend that it be read by anyone capable of reading and understanding.However, I do have an issue with the description of the book...anyone who has read the book knows that the ""mockingbird"" of the title was not Tom Robinson (the accused black man), but Boo Radley."
I loved every word.  Magnificent read.
TKM is a classic you don't want to miss. The audio version is fabulous and the southern twang is...right... not distracting.
I had never read. Classic for sure!
I really liked the book. I have heard wonderful things about it and cannot believe I have never read it before.
Excellent
"I just re-read Harper Lee's masterpiece for the first time since high school, some 35 years later...and it still holds up well. I went back to it in preparation for the summer release of her recently found second novel, ""Go Set a Watchman."" I wasn't disappointed. Her narrative style is easy to follow, and unrelentingly interesting. What was once a dreaded high school assignment was now a book I couldn't put down for a weekend. She delicately yet boldly touches on the sensitive issues or racism, poverty, prejudice, and growing up in a tense South dominated by racial issues. Read this book!"
can't wait until her new book comes out.  Loved reading this book again.
Gift
Best American lit.  Ever.
As good as it was 50 years ago.
"It is as good as I remembered.  Twists and turns, not so much, but a true picture of a small southern town.  The characters are remember able.  The plot is very believable.  What more can I say about an American Icon?"
Our book club is rereading this before the release of Harper Lee's new novel. A REread of this book is never a disappoint - captures you from the beginning. Telling the story through Scout's point of view is a stroke of genius. Such a well written story and snapshot of the time it is set in.
"I have no idea how I never had to read this book in school, but now, at the age of 50 I am thrilled that I finally had the pleasure.  I finished it, and immediately went back and re-read the first chapter again.  I do that when I love a book, and I loved this one.  Cannot wait to read the new discovery!"
"I go back to this book again and again, it never dissapoints."
"Re-read to kill a mockingbird after many years.The book is even more powerful this time.; as gripping as the 1st reading of it.It stayed in my mind vividly for weeks!  Its message, told through the voice of Scout, over a period of 2 years, from when she is 6 to 8 years old, penetrates the reader's  consciousness and remains with you, never to be forgotten.The child's voice, bringing to life her childhood, Atticus her Father's powerful integrity' as a father and a lawyer, hammers home the message of racism, evil and integrity through the most beautifully described scenarios of childhood.By the end of the book Scout announces that she and her brother Jem have learnt all there is to know in life....maybe there is still algebra still to learn!"
"a TRULY GREAT BOOK, THIS IS MY SECOND READING, AND COULD DO IT AGAIN!!"
Such depth and conflict woven into the seemingly easy going south.
one of the best classics
Excellent
"I had to re-read this classic before the ""sequel"" came out, and I found it just as compelling as when I first read it many years ago."
I hadn't read this book since I was a kid. It was great then and is still great!
Great book. Timeless classic.
I've read To Kill a Mockingbird several times.  I realized that as I got older I appreciated the story more.
It was a gift!!
Classic.  Can't wait for her other manuscript to be published
One of the best!
"One of America's greatest books.  I read it when I was younger, but decided to give it another look.  It was well worth it!"
Awesome
Received the book - which was in excellent condition - the day after purchase.
"liked a lot, classic"
"This could still happen today, in this country.  We do not have a system of equal justice for all, or equal opportunity for a good life for all.Regardless, Ms. Lee's book is very good on it's own merit and Scout is a character for the ages.  I highly recommend reading this book with an open mind to its relevance today."
A classic. What else is there to say. Everyone should read this book.
I've read To Kill A Mockingbird several times.  One of my favorite books and movies (Gregory Peck's portrayal of Atticus was amazing) of all time.
"Best book eve. I had to read in for English class, so I wasn't looking forward to it, but this is one of my all time favorite books now."
I remember having this as a high school reading assignment. This got me hooked to reading then. Sadly there is the internet now.
The product photo doesn't represent what I got. I needed the purple version but I got a different version. I still got the book but I was still disappointed.
What can be said about this essential classic? It is wonderful.
"Excellent ! If you haven't read it....MUST Read. If you have, when you were younger......read again ! I read it again after Many years, getting ready for the New book, due out next month. I am on the pre-order list !"
Satisfied
"This book and the movie affected my life more than any other.  I have given away so many copies of the book that I no longer have one.  Yesterday, my brother sent me a Kindle copy.  From the opening page setting up the story to the last with Atticus tucking Scout into bed, one is drawn in immediately.  It is not a book to read quickly, but one that the reader will put down to digest and think about what was written.  TKAM is not just a novel but a thought provoking piece of literature to be read every few years to remind the reader about the injustices in life to the lesson that not all is what it looks like to the reminder that family, no matter the form, is so important."
"For me the comments by Scout remind me of the accuracy and honesty of children.  With a father bringing her up and a brother who is a great foil , she gets adult companionship that includes listening and a sibling and a maid who know how to handle her during the day.  All the relationships are surprising and rich.  This is a book that I will not soon forget.  And it has the distinction of having a fine film made from it."
"A classic that I've read many times. Just did a fresh read in advance of Go Set a Watchman. I read it first in 7th grade, where I didn't fully grasp what was happening in the story. Again in high school, when the issues were much clearer. And then a few times as an adult. Each read reveals something new and never feels repetitive in nature. There are maybe five books I've re-read, and maybe one that I've re-read with the same level of interest."
Great American Classic. Just as delightful to read today as it was 50 years ago.
"Excellent book, if you would like to understand the caste system of the south and how deeply racism is rooted in the south this book will give you an understanding of that culture. It's much more detailed than the movie, I would highly recommend this book."
Great book.
A true classic. Never knew there is a sequel novel. Next read.
Great book ! Loved rereading it with my student.
"This is my favorite and I have read it more than once, and will continue to do so.Scout's love and respect for her father resonates deeply with me."
Absolutely LOVE this book!! The book came in excellent condition!!! So worth reading!!!
Bought this book for a gift.
I had never read this book until now. I am 50 years old and wish I had read it sooner. Now I will watch the movie and compare. A special book that all children should read in high school or at least in college.
"Love the cover and received it in great condition. Beautiful novel as well ,can't wait to read it again."
Well written and very interesting. I read it when I was very young and just finished reading it again. Was great both times.
I'm very glad to be able to purchase the ebook version. What a wonderful book this is and I recommend everyone reads it.
A classic! Read it in highschool originally and still one of my favorites! This was one reading assignment I was not upset about getting!
The book captivated me from the start.  The descriptive language was very vivid.  Excellent read.
"One of the best books I have ever read.  Great character development, a showing of the ""Old Days.""The book and the Movie keep one wanting another!!whl248@Frontier.com"
"A wonderful summer read.  I don't know why I haven't read it before, I hated for the book to conclude.  I enjoyed every page."
"I am re-reading this before the release of Harper Lee's ""Go Set a Watchman"". This book is a masterpiece on so many levels, and its study of society and humanity is still relevant today. The edition was very readable and I like the cover artwork."
Loved it. Reminds me of home in North Florida panhandle in days gone by. Going to read another by Harper Lee
"A timeless story filled with great vocabulary, a fine sense of suspense, surprise and substance. Truly remarkable."
Loved the movie but the book is much better I will read this again and again
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic. I read it when I was a young girl and just read it again. Yes, you might have seen the movie but the book is still a most worthwhile read. If you ever wondered how living in a small Southern town in the early part of the last century was, this is the book. The characters are rich and fully fleshed out. It put me back in that time.  I loved reading this book again!"
"I grew up in SE Alabama, my family very similar to fictional one.  My hope is that everyone who reads it, required by school or real interest, can grasp the complete inter-relatedness and subtle communications that existed and was so compellingly described.  From my eight decades perspective, the author held me spellbound again."
"My wife's favorite book, so who am I to quibble?"
"Item delivered on time, was as described"
"So many year later, this book is as fresh as the day she wrote it. The world of the grown-ups and their quirks and vices is crystal clear through the innocent eyes of a child. More folks need to read this book and learn the message of Atticus in his oration at court in the defense of Tom Robinson; and all the oppressed of the world. Certainly this planet is no better than it was in 1935 when the trial took place.Thank you Harper Lee for a fresh look at human condition with all its ironies and injustices.Jose"
Aclassic fir a reason. It's good
Perfect
It was a good book but at some points I lost interest.
Worth rereading in our turbulent time
"This is one classic that should be read several times. As the world we know it as teenagers changes when we become adults, so does the message change in this book. It is as real today as it was then."
Brought it for a friend. This is a book that everyone should read.
"I have read this book 3 times throughout my life, in middle school, as a young adult, and now 40 years after the first read. It was as good, if not better, this last time. It certainly is understood why this book stands the test of time and is considered one of the best stories ever written."
Excellently written book with so many interesting well developed characters. The characters were quite easy to connect. It covered really important topics race relations and equality and growing up.
This is a wonderful classic.
Very well written. Kept me interested all along.
"A classic, must read!!! Its not just about the minority issues but the unpredictability and sadness of life in every way and how children with their innocent minds and unconditional love bring hope to this world."
This book was wonderful. I never wanted it to end. It was poignantly real. I feel I know the characters and miss their voices.
Enjoyed it even more after so many years
"This book has been a favorite of mine since I first read it as a required reading in the 9th grade. That was 32 years ago, the endearing characters of Scout, Jen and Dill drew me back to a time when I was young and innocent and didn't understand ""the differences"" between folks. Their childhood escapades are reminiscent of a time long ago. Reading this book again at an older age then before; it was even more profound and thought provoking."
Great read. Very creative dialogues.
Excellent book!  The subject matter still pertains to today even though it was written in the early 60s.
"The wise and feisty tone of the narration carries the story forward as you get to know the extraordinary Atticus Finch, Jem, Scout, and of course Boo Radley.  Better than the movie . . . Perfect for any age of reader."
"I've seen the movie many times....but have recently watched a documentary DVD, from our local college where I teach.  I learned so much from the commentary on that DVD.I feel like I need to read the book once more.  I've also seen an interview of Harper Lee.  Amazing lady.....and her attitude is unlike what I expected.  She gave the reason why she never wrote/published another book.I'm happy to have my own copy of her book.Thank you."
I loved the book. Wondered why it took me so long to read it
"Just read this book again after about 20 years. I forgot several details. Really a good read and the author points out just simple ways to live a good life. Scout is still my favorite character and this book remains my favorite novel.  Now I realize that Dill is much like Harper Lee's childhood friend, Truman Capote. Aticus is an attorney, just like Ms. Lee's dad and she had an older brother, just like Jem, 4 years older. I wanted to read again, so I would remember all the characters before I read her sequel, Go tell a Watchman. Truly a gifted writer. She takes you on an adventure from the first page until the very last page. Gives you lots to think about."
"This is one of my favorite books.  If you want to be inspired by personal courage in the face of great prejudice, then this book is for you.  Plus the writer makes you feel like you are right there with the characters in the book.  This is truly a classic."
"My family has an old, old dauschund terrier mix that my son has been attached to since he was a toddler who could barely speak.  This dog is my son's best friend.  Despite my dog being so old, he runs and keeps up with my son just fine for the most part, and snuggles down while my son reads him a story at bedtime every night, too.  I thought this would be a good pick for my son because it's a story of a boy deeply attached to his pups, and who has to deal with the tragedy of their death in the end.  I fear the end will come soon for my pup as he's getting slower and slower and his health problems have begun to spike (he's 14).  In order to get my son to read this, I had to PROMISE him that no one died in the book (school mates had been telling him that it's sad).  Maybe I'm a bad mom, but I promised no one died, and so my little guy read this book in a matter of a couple of days.  He was glued to the book and wrapped up in the story.  When he got to the ""sad part,"" he was crying hysterically and hugging our dog (while yelling at me for promising that no one died).  He loved the book.  It's a great story and I hope his experience reading this book will be helpful in dealing with his own loss whenever that happens."
"I had forgotten  what a great book it was, everyone should reread it."
Great edition of the greatest American Novel.
Harper Lee is masterful. She chooses her words carefully and makes a great story. This is a classic and a must read.
This is without a drought the best book I have ever read.  The ending was a very big surprise to me.  I now understand why it is a classic.
Story is ok. Not sure why this book is considered a classic.
"Sublimely written and wonderful in its storytelling. This novel should be read again, even if you've read it many times before. A truly great American novel."
Enjoyed this classic story
I really enjoyed reading 'to Kill a Mockingbird'.  It was one of the books I had to read in high school and I did read it then but wasn't impressed.  By reading it now I was able to fully understand all the things that were going on and I really found it interesting.  I loved the way the story was told..
"A most insightful book, way ahead of its time'"
Great classic book
"Fabulous book well worth it's fame. I saw the Movie version first many years ago which was so good I thought I have to read this.  It really lived up to my expectations.  So beautifully written and all seen through the eyes of Scout.  Characters are all so wonderfully described from Lawyer father Atticus and the conversations between Scout and Atticus.  I think seeing the movie first made the book better because as I read it I could hear the voice of Scout in particular and the character of Boo Radley,  always in the shadows which was so embodied by actor Robert Duvall.  Absolutely wonderful and I am so looking forward to reading Go Set a Watchman very soon, I just hope it lives up to this book."
A beautifully crafted story with lovingly described characters.. A stand for justice in the face of injustice and racial intolerance.
"I saw the movie ages ago, but had never read the book. I just wish I hadn't waited so long!"
"Great book, Atticus is an exceptional character, who shows morality that sosciety needs today."
"This is the second time reading the book.  The first time was in high school.  Now 45 years later we read it for our book club.  There is so much more to the story than I recalled. I've had so many more life experiences, and there have been many cultural changes over time.  I am so glad I read it again."
This is one of my favorite books. I've read it so many times I lost count. I'm eagerly awaiting Harper Lee new book in fact I pre-ordered it. As a teenager this book inspired me to read as much as I could. Today I'm 45 years old and I just recently read To Kill A Mockingbird again last month. It never gets old.
Wish I'd actually read it when it was assigned back in high school!
Just reread this wonderful book after over 40 years.  I had forgotten what great writing is all about.  This is truly The Great American Novel!
I am glad I finally read this wonderful classic!
This book was well written and lends itself to teaching a lot of lessons.  I read it because of the media surrounding the new book coming out this summer.
Great Classic Book!!
Love the movie. Love the book. Can't wait for sequel.
"Recently reread this classic after many years. I was struck by how wonderful it is, how beautifully written and even by how relevant it remains!  Still love this treasured story!"
"All I can say is that I dearly hope that the prequel lives up to the hype.  If it in any way destroys the legacy of this most perfect of coming of age stories and arguably the best American novel ever written, I will be devastated. This book is Nell Harper Lee's true legacy and there will never be another like it."
"This story never grows old.  Atticus and the small community confront prejudices, not only of blacks, but of inbred families as told through the eyes of a very young tomboy--Scout."
I wanted to read this book again so I ordered it. Glad that I did. It is still one of my favorites.
"Never got to read this in school, so I just recently read it since Harper Lee will be releasing another book.  Excellent story that held my interest throughout."
This is an old classic that does not feel dated. It tackles attitudes we are still seeing today. A masterpiece.
Decent GUI and the story is mandated by schools at one point or another so go ahead
"I read this book in high school.  When I learned that a prequel has been discovered, I had to read it again and have no regrets.  To once again visit, Scout, her brother, and her wonderful father brought a renewed sense of a wonderful, is sad, story about the South in the 30's.  Told from a terrific point of view.  I HIGHLY recommend this wonderful novel."
"The old classic, I bought it for my granddaughter since I wanted to expose her to the best writing I knew.  She is an aspiring author.  Wonderful story"
Was a gift to someone and they loved it
"I love the perspective of the child. Children do see everything so differently. A true coming of age novel. It's been on my list for so long, but I should have read it years ago."
There's a good reason why this book is a classic; it's a well-told wonderful story. It gives a wonderful glimpse into the South at this time in history.
Every bit as good as I remember! Very well written!
It's been my favorite story since I was a kid. Atticus Finche is my hero.
Awesome book
Classic! A must read!
A classic!
Great classic full of moral life lessons.  Was a good reminder to re read at this time.
This is the book that really got me interested in reading when I was I the tenth grade(1970/1971). I just reread for who knows how many times. I still can't put it down when I start. Characters still seem real and the storyline still fresh.
Wow.
One of my all time favorite reads.
Good
Great classic
"I didn't go to high school in this country so had not read it. Found it very educational, engaging and entertaining."
Classic.  Something everyone should read.
A classic must read.
Really realy really really really really really really really really really really really really real really really really really good and yes
I absolutely LOVE this book! I am so glad I was able to get this 50th anniversary addition.
"A timeless classic. Not only is there great nostalgia, there are characters that you know and enjoy. As well as finding out about human beings you will return again and again to Scout's world. One of the most loved fathers in all of literature, Atticus Finch."
I read this in high school and my husband never had. Wanted to see if my viewpoint had grown in 30 years and it had. Can't wait for the sequel.
"Great book. I love the way Harper Lee uses humorous narrative, and a child's perspective to talk about serious issues in society. This is one I've read at least three times. Every time I read it, I see something new."
Just now reading this for the first time - at 51 - amazing. This should be required reading and should have been since the day it came out. Shame on me for not reading it sooner.
"I have been a long time waiting to read this book and I'm glad I did. The subtlety of this story is like someone pulling a blanket over you as you lie sleeping.  For all that has been written about this masterpiece, the best compliment I could pay it is to say that it touched my heart and my spirit. Should be required reading for everyone of every age."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee is Lee's only novel published and is an American Classic. Grand Central Publishing is the publisher, it has 376 pages and was published in 1960. This novel was a best seller, won the Pulizer Prize and recently celebrated its 50 year anniversary. It involves a tomboy nicknamed Scout, her brother, Jem and their kindhearted father, Atticus.Scout Finch, Jem Finch, and their father, Atticus Finch live in a town called Maycomb. Everyone is poor in Maycomb, but Atticus has a bad paying job as a lawyer. The Finch's are better off than the rest of Maycomb county. When Scout and Jem meet a boy named Dill, they act out stories or you could even call them plays, in the neighborhood together. One day, Dill becomes interested with a scary house that Boo Radley lives in. Boo hasn't been outside in years.Scout hates the idea of school, much like some of us, especially after the first day. One evening after school, Scout and Jem found a hole in a tree near the Radley Place, with gifts for them inside of it. Late one night, Scout, Jem and Dill snuck onto Boo's yard where Nathan Radley shot in the air, near them. It scared them to death. Jem loses his pants and when he returns for them, his pants are folded over the fence. They figured Boo did that for them.Even though Maycomb is very racist, Atticus agrees to defend a black citizen named Tom Robinson. A white woman accused him of raping her. Atticus then invites his sister to come live with them. During the trial, the children sat in the ""colored"" balcony. Atticus then proves that Mayella and Bob Ewell are lying about the rape. Even though they proved it and it seemed like they won, they lost. Tom was then put in prison and shot while trying to escape. Bob Ewell, during the end of the novel, attacks Jem and Scout for revenge over Atticus making a fool of them in court. Boo Radley gets involved, and saves the children and also stabs Bob Ewell, killing him during the attack. He then visits the broken Jem, but returns home after making sure he was okay.The point behind this book is to explore the key themes of racism and also to show courage and bravery are important qualities to show. I believe this book is a great piece of American literature. This is only one of the books that I have been engulfed in, although it had a very slow start. It began very slow, but picked up around part two. This novel captivated me even before part two. Atticus is an ideal father, and Scout, a rambunctious little girl captured my heart. In my honest opinion, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is the best book known to man, although it had a slow start. It's hard to read with their accents, but in the end, it is an amazing novel."
"I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" every few years. I`m an avid reader.  I`m 62 so I've read a ton of books and this is still the best book I've ever read."
This book makes the readers think about all the changes that have  come about. Since this book was written. Thank God.
getting ready for JULY2015 new Harper Lee. Good flow  a masterpiece
"I fell in love with this book when I was 12 years old and more than 50 years later, I still love it..."
I have loved this book since I first read it as a teenager.  I've re read it at least 6 times and now need to have my own copy replaced due to lending out/not returning.  A GREAT read.
"This is my all time favorite book! And with Ms. Lee's new book coming, I just had to start re-reading it."
Wonderful book just love it can hardly wait for her new one
"Literature serves many purposes within a society or culture. This is why literature is such a large factor of humanities as a whole. Within To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee takes a spin with the plot in various deplorable situations. This calls to attention about what the novel is truly telling and sharing with its readers. To Kill a Mockingbird explores three very different views with three even more different settings and character dynamic. The prejudice every single person is faced with is the overall character conflict throughout the novel. The children of the novel, the situation with Boo Radley, and the case of Atticus are all the different views readers look through and upon. First off, throughout the novel the children of the tale such as Scout, Gem, and Dill, all are trying to find out where they stand on things in life. All of the children in this novel are exploring their limits and pushing to define and know themselves. This is made very apparent with Scout’s recall and Dill’s extraverting character make up. The children are growing up in the South during a very pro-discrimination era. The Finch children, both Scout and Gem, have a father who is kind, gentle, and fair so their views on the world seem a bit more innocent. Dill and Jem are aware of the hostility and animosity of the town but do not seem to give into it’s ideals. They show the innocence of Bo Radley when he places continual gifts for the children. He is made human by this innocence of the children. By Lee making the statement that no one person is better than another, he ties very nicely into the treatment and discrimination of the townspeople towards African Americans, which is the next criticism that is shown throughout the novel. Next, the prejudice and hatred that was alive in the South during, well pretty much still to today, but at a much more extreme level. Living as any person during the Great Depression time was hard enough, adding being colored and cast out of society as a person, and life was unbearable. The novel show a trial of a man who is being sentenced to death for “making moves” on a white young women and then beating her senseless. The story unfolds and the author reveals the true nature of the crime. The young lady had thrown herself onto Tom Robinson and her father caught her, eventually resulting in a beating of her lifetime for touching “one of them”. Tom is unfortunately still prosecuted and killed. Atticus feels a sense of right and wrong with both presences live and well, as he did try to exonerate and free the young man with a family left behind. The entire novels shows and explains the racial hatred by slurs and actions, even by the assumption they are not on the same level as white folks - it is all described in the way of Lee’s words. Harper Lee shows the lack of respect and the omission of existence the colored folks deal with from different balconies to bathrooms. The different level of standards are completely seen within the text. Harper Lee ties this all back into the third view very nicely. This would be the existence of good and evil, the never ending battle of morality. Yes, bad things happen in life - American history is no stranger to this. Although there were people who strictly believed in the the segregation and the social downfall of caste systems, there were people who believed everyone should live happily among one another. Lee shows both of these sides very clearly with the regular townsfolk compared to Atticus and his niche. The children’s innocence and unknown side preference is the big point that ties all the three different views into one. Harper Lee does this very nicely. The novel To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that has lasted the ages. It has shown light on the negative parts of history but also how good can prevail evil when people actually act on the good in their hearts. Harper Lee shows great conviction for the good to prevail, no matter the forces of evil out against it. There is mass prejudice among the different ethnicities within the county in Alabama. The characters fight for this innocent way of viewing the segregation and hatred present within the neighborhood. All of this goes on with evil typically prevailing at the battles, but good will win the war it seems in this small Alabama town. Harper Lee does a great job exploring this heinous time of American history to shed light on the good the prevailed ultimately. No one person is better than another.  Atticus fitch couldn’t have said it any better “You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . . . until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.”"
"Somehow I missed reading this when it was published, but it is every bit the classic that it is purported to be.  Should be required reading somewhere in the education system. I have yet to see the movie in its entirety, but looking forward to it some day soon."
Time well spent
"Just wonderful, my favorite book of all the books I have read."
"I started listing the books that I've read in the summer of 1962. This book is #12 on the list, read that same summer. A re-read of my 60 cent Popular Library copy had been long overdue. A few things have changed in that half century... and more than a few things have remained the same. Plus ca change... as the French would say.This was the only work of Harper Lee, though it has recently been announced that after that same half century, a new work will be released in July, 2015, entitled Go Set a Watchman: A Novel. I remembered it as a ""perfect"" novel the first time around, read as a teenager. The second time only deepened my appreciation for her achievement. From more than most works, I retained numerous images of that initial reading, reinforced by only one viewing of the movie with Gregory Peck, in the role of Atticus Finch, which must have inspired hundreds if not thousands of students to go to law school.The setting is a small town which is the county seat of Maycomb, in south Alabama. Probably the first time around I didn't understand the reference, when Lee tells us the date, in the following manner: it was shortly after we had been told that we only had to fear fear itself. The story's narrator is ""Scout"" (Jean Louise) Finch, nine-years old as the novel opens. She is a classic ""tom-boy,"" and precocious, as she grabbles with understanding the world around her. Jem is her brother, four years older. Their mother has died, and they are being raised by Atticus, a bit old for a father of the time, well-read, ethical, with a sense of the possible, and that which is not. The kid's other ""caregiver"" is Calpurnia, the black cook and housekeeper, who is considered own ""family."" And the kids have a friend, Dill, whose real name is Charles Baker Harris, who visits them each summer, from Meridian, Mississippi.It was an era of what we now seem to call ""free-range"" kids. They are always outside, unless it was raining. No electric ""entertainment""; the plays were the ones that the kids produced from their imagination. Lee masterly tells a number of vignettes that successfully conveys the reality of small town southern life during the Great Depression. There is the school scene, and the kid who is too poor to have a lunch, and the others who only attend the first day. There are the holiday visits with Atticus' siblings; there are the old ladies who tend their flowers (and one has her home burn down on the coldest night in the 20th century). There is the dog with rabies, and the ""crazy neighbor"" next door, and so much else, which Lee tells with balance, empathy and insight. She even provides a brief historical sketch of the area since the days of the first settlement by people of European (and African) decent.There is the one dominant theme; what Gunner Myrdal called ""The American Dilemma."" It is the black-white relationship, during the era of legal, as well as de facto racial segregation.  It is about poor whites, dirt poor whites, so easily called ""trash,"" clinging to their only possible status symbol: the color of their skin, which thereby provides them their one claim to social superiority and a ""right"" to have their story believed. It is about loneliness, sex, and the very rigid social code of the time. Religion and the ""place"" of women in southern society also make their appearances in Lee's beautifully crafted story. It culminates in one of the most memorable courtroom dramas in fiction. Despair and a glimmer of hope for the future, which half a century later, was partially achieved.And it is also about the dangers that ""free range"" kids faced, even in those apparently simpler times, as well as an unlikely denouement that does happen in ""real"" life. Harper Lee hits so many themes, with the perfect pitch of a seasoned novelist, and she did it the first time around. After telling that one inspiring story, for half century, she has remained silent, even reclusive. To Kill a Mockingbird is an essential American novel. 6-stars."
Read it a long time and just wanted to get a refresher.  Enjoyed it just as much this time around.
A classic
Not my favorite! It took along time to get to know the characters!  Sad story!
"I am so glad I finally got to read this classic work.  It's a little frightening to see how much of it sounds like today.  Some lessons have been learned, but there is still much to go."
My first eBook to read and I loved it!
I don't know how I got through 53 years of life before reading this absolute gem.  If only there were more people on this planet like Atticus Finch.
It was a great book. I think the plot of the story was very clever. It's a book you should read for yourself.
I like it
"Excellent!!! One of the best written books, ever."
"Always good to visit an old friend. I thought it was great when I read it as a kid, and I loved it even more now!"
A classic.
"Enjoyed the story as a child and even more as an adult. Given what the world is going through right now, with so much needless violence and hatred based on the color of one's skin or sexual orientation or religion, the messages I take from the book are even more meaningful today. Would that we could all see the world through Scout's eyes."
Excellent reading
There is nothing more to be said. This is a timeless novel.
Arrived in good condition. Wonderful book. One of my favorites.
"Classic novel, worth the read"
"It's impossible not to fall in love with Scout Finch, even from the beginning of this wonderful book. Her open-hearted honesty and fresh outlook make her one of the most endearing characters I've ever encountered.I read this classic because of the recent kerfuffle about whether Harper Lee was mentally competent to permit the publication of her new book, which I'll also read whenever it comes out. I'd never read “To Kill a Mockingbird.” Maybe because I went to New England prep schools where the prevailing idiocy (not wisdom) was to look down one's nose at the South as backward and provincial. Anyway, I'm really sorry I didn't discover Harper Lee years sooner.The relationship between Scout, her older brother Jem, and her summer-time friend Dill really make this book a treasure. These three look out for each other. Even if Dill isn't part of the Finch family, he might as well be.Atticus Finch, widowed father of Scout and Jem, provided quiet but strong guidance to his children on right and wrong. The dismay and anger Scout and Jem felt at the powerlessness of Tom Robinson, a black man falsely accused of rape, was testament to the moral lessons Atticus had provided them.The reader feels the same anger and dismay. How true this book rings today when African Americans still struggle to be treated the same as whites!I've heard that one reads literary fiction for the language and beautiful flow of words and one reads commercial fiction to find out what happens next. Well, Harper Lee's masterful writing disappears behind the strength of the plot and the remarkable characters in this book—so I would definitely call it commercial fiction.What a great book! So glad I finally read it. You will be too—if you haven't read this masterpiece already.Wix SimonReviewer at LargeAuthor of A LOST GUN@WixSimon"
"Beautiful book, with a timeless message!"
"Been wanting to read it for a long time, I thought it would be better.However, it has a very nice message."
A beautiful  haunting story of the innocence  of life. Can't wait  for Harper Lee's  new one.
"Great! A great book, like a great movie will tear at your heartstrings, make you laugh out loud, and make you believe you are living with the characters. This book is one of those truly remarkable gems."
Great book
"I'm reading classics with my 11 year old daughter, and discovering that they are even better than when I read them as a kid."
"I never had to read this classic in school but I am glad I have read it now. Well written, well developed story and characters. The theme must have been controversial at the time it was written but it is still relevant in society today. I would highly recommend reading this classic for the social lessons contained within the story."
"This is one of those classics I never got around to reading in my youth.  But with the recent publication of Harper Lee's second novel I thought it was about time.  I must say I was stunned.  It is amazing that this could be a first novel.  It is perfectly constructed.  And unlike many books written from a child's perspective, it was not precious or cutesy or too sophisticated to be believable.  A totally convincing narration.  A truly brilliant work.  I now understand its success and popularity over all these years.  And yes, much as I loved the film, the book is better."
Loved it.
Wonderful!
Great!
"This classic still resonates! The ore values are worth sharing with this generation. I highly enjoyed reading this book again, after almost thirty years!"
"I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I'm mid 30's and despite knowing the name of the book and knowing it's a famous classic, I'd managed to totally avoid any knowledge of it's content. As such I didn't know what to expect and found myself really enjoying it, highly recommended, because it's so enjoyable it's a very quick read!"
"It's a story I never tire of, and re-reading it as I did a few days ago, I am left feeling the wonder of story all over again. I first read this classic some 30 years ago in my early teens and nothing since has come close to its beauty and formidable lessons learned through one's own experience. It's narrator, Scout, joins Twain's' Huck' and so few others that endear one to the eternal spirit of  truth and beauty and intimations to our better selves and spirits. Of course, no matter your age,  I recommend for its endearing story."
"Rereading this as an adult gives a whole different perspective and appreciation.  I'm looking forward to the sequel ""Go Set A Watchman"""
One of my favorite books of all time
Great read
"I’ve felt this book in my bones without even realizing it. Some of the character names: Atticus Finch, Scout, Boo Radley may be familiar to you; they were to me. Perhaps I caught five minutes of the Gregory Peck movie on TV one day, or I might have seen the famous lawyer’s name revealed as an answer on Wheel of Fortune or during a trivia game. I cannot be sure. But one way or another, these characters have been around. It’s as if they had somehow scaled the fence of literature and have been living close by all this time.You can go your whole life (or 45 years as I did) without reading this book and still be affected by it. It’s that powerful. I think that is so because these characters exist in every small town and every major city in this country and also inside us. Whenever you see ignorant hatred or witness someone standing up to do right even when right has not a snowball’s chance in Alabama, Harper Lee’s characters are there. Whenever you see a complex, perplexing adult world through a child’s eyes, this book exerts its quiet influence.You will begin to wonder if you crack only the first page of Mockingbird: who is Boo Radley? Is he someone perhaps, to fear? You will also likely wonder why the name seems so familiar.I will tell you: it is because the characters of great literature are elemental. They could easily appear on a periodic table of the fictional elements. They are upon which all of literature is based.They are upon which we are based."
"This is one of the few books I will ever read over and over again.  I cannot think of a more perfect book, where every theme is handled brilliantly yet realistically through the eyes of a growing girl.  There is nothing about this book that cannot be embraced.  It should be required reading."
"Obviously, a great classic that everyone should read if they haven't already."
Harper Lee's book about the innocence of youth and bigotry is as relevant today as the day it was first published. She strings words together like nobody else.
Great classic!
A classic must read story
Absolutely fantastic book!
Arrived on time and as advertised.
"It doesn't get any better than this.  Rarely read fiction, although I read this book at an earlier age.  Started reading some classics for an occasional break.  Work of genius."
Great
A classic! Shows a simpler time in American history but not necessarily a better time! There is a reason nostalgia is from rose colored glasses!
"This book was selected by our book club because we decided to read a classic this time around. I have to admit, it seemed slow, boring and trivial at the beginning but as the story progresses it touched on important and current challenges. Also the story describes a very small town in the 1930s; many of the addressed topics can be found in our society in the present time. It is written simply and I believe it is adequate for a mature as well as a young reader."
A story that fascinates me everytime I read it! A major favorite!
loved this book
Read in high school and missed it. How can you not love this classic?
This was not my first reading. For me it was better and the characters more developed maybe because I am older. It  was really enjoyable.
never read it growing up and am now reading it as part of our local book group.  I adore it.
"I had read it years ago and had either not realized, or forgotten what a truly wonderful book this is."
"It's a classic. I've read it twice after my 95 year old father was asked by me ""What book would you read?""  This is the ONE. The movie is just as good!Tom"
Terrific and each to read
Everyone should read this book again.
Nice read.
"it was a different front cover than the one I ordered, but the story was the same. No complaints, arrived on time and it was for a school reading project."
Sad story about human relation.
"Such a great classic, always good to reread great literature."
Classic
One of my favorite classics. What's not to like. I'm sure I'll read it again in time and enjoy all over again.
"This is a great book, I gave away my paperback edition when I recieved this copy. It have a beautiful cover, and it feels really good to have it on my shelf. What can i say its a classic, its also a good book. I wouldnt buy any other edition."
"A classic for kids, when they're just old enough to read something serious.I loved it when I was in school, and I bought this copy for my daughter, so that she could have the experience of reading it too."
"Great novel. Read in high school, saw movie, but wanted to read again so I would be ready for the sequel being released in July."
I enjoyed the reading but it was a sad time
"I recommend listening to the audio of this book because coupled with the descriptive prose of the author and the perfectly portrayed reading of Sissy Spacek, I absolutely witnessed every event in the book; I lived it, I watched it, I felt it. It was an absolutely brilliant reading of a brilliant book with an abundance of messages about human nature and human behavior at its best and at its worst.Early in the thirties, the effects of the Great Depression were raging. Jobs were scarce and money was hard to come by. Poor people found it hard to send their children to school because they were needed to help out on the farm or in other ways to provide for the family. They often went hungry. In the south, race relations were poor and the people of color were poorer. There were few civil rights afforded to blacks. They were oppressed by those who thought of themselves as better. They stood little chance of having a fair trial if accused of a crime or of improving their economic condition. They were at the mercy of whites, and some whites were evil. These were the times, rife with inequities, that this novel takes place.There are several characters that play meaningful roles in the story:1-Atticus Finch is as close as a human being can get to being a saint; he seems near perfect. He is calm, contemplative, kind and compassionate, fair and non-judgmental, and he has no desire whatsoever for retribution even when he has been wronged.  He teaches by setting a good example for others and believes in always doing what is right. He has two children, Jeremy and Jean Louise. He raises them with the same values. His wife has died.Atticus is a lawyer, and he has been appointed to defend a black man who has been accused of rape. Atticus knows it will be an uphill battle to defend him in Alabama, but he would never refuse the case. He believes that Tom Robinson, accused by Bob Ewell, a no-account in town who drinks and abuses his children, is innocent. He is disappointed and saddened by the state of the justice system regarding the treatment and trial of blacks accused of a crime. He vows to do his best, even when some townsfolk object to his defense of a black man whom they would rather see wrongfully punished for daring to touch a white girl, than shame the white man who is lying to protect himself simply because he can, in this white world. A black man simply has less value to them than even a man they know is a lowlife. Their arrogance and blindness propel them to behave this way.2-Scout (Jean Louise), is the younger of the two children. She is the voice of this novel. Her voice, as a young child filled with innocence and wonder, is authentic. She is just entering kindergarten and is suddenly exposed to a world that is sometimes unjust and cruel. Scout is a bit more rambunctious than her older brother Jem. She is also ""in love"" with her playmate, Dill (Charles), and he, also very young, has professed his love for her. Scout adores Calpurnia.3-Jem, (Jeremy) is more like his father. He is a careful thinker and as the older brother, he cares for and protects Scout who wants to do everything he does, even though he is older. He is not a saint, he is a boy who knows how to play as well as how to toil. Both children have enormous respect for their ""older"" father whom they call Atticus, not dad, throughout the book.4-Calpurnia is the insightful, black maid/nanny who astutely cares for and helps to raise the Finch children. She is like part of the family. She has basically brought them up as a surrogate parent. She does everything their mother would have done, disciplining them, nourishing them and loving them. She knows how to read and write and speaks differently, in a more educated manner when she is working, than when she is at her home because it wouldn’t do to be “uppity” in her own neighborhood. She is acquainted with the young man that Atticus is defending.  Both children genuinely care for and respect her.5-Boo (Arthur Radley), is a developmentally challenged neighbor who keeps totally to himself and doesn’t speak. He is the neighborhood “freak”, and the children are wary of him. They have never seen him and attribute all sorts of character traits to him and relate stories about the nefarious things he might have done. Is he really a ""gentle giant"" quietly living his life?6-Scout’s teacher, Miss Caroline, seemed largely unaware of the needs of the poor children or of the problems they faced preventing them from attending school. She resented Scout for knowing how to read before the rest of the class was taught. She seemed unprepared for her job and naïve, at best.Each character played an important role in setting the scene, illustrating the atmosphere that often existed then in small and large towns, everywhere. Harper Lee, using, insight, wit and wisdom, has carefully drawn a picture of the race relations that existed down south with its prejudice and poverty, whites towards blacks and blacks toward whites, albeit in the latter case, with far less power and effect. She has articulated the ignorance and abject hatred that existed there in some quarters. It was widely known that blacks had far fewer advantages and little chance of proving their innocence when accused of a crime. It was a time when a black life was thought to be worth far less than a white life, and some may think that, even today. Even if the jury knew the accused was being framed, in the interest of preserving white superiority, they often convicted him as part of a conspiracy to maintain the status quo. A black man could simply not get away with any accusation a white person made, even though innocent. Their superiority had to be maintained at all costs. Still today, almost six decades since the book was published, the reader will wonder if much has changed, and upon careful reflection will realize, yes, much has truly changed, but some attitudes on both sides, black and white, have not. Still, one can hope that the guileless children, with their pure thoughts and trusting natures, will lead the way.In this sweet narrative, related by Scout, a five year old, frank and open, honest and sincere in her thoughts, questions and spontaneous evaluations of events, the prevailing southern attitudes of the times, come to light. The class distinctions are apparent and the differences in treatment are very obvious.  The children sometimes have more common sense than the adults. They are kinder and fairer and love without reservations.***“I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way….” Music and lyrics written by Michael Masser and Linda Creed."
"I recommend listening to the audio of this book because coupled with the descriptive prose of the author and the perfectly portrayed reading of Sissy Spacek, I absolutely witnessed every event in the book; I lived it, I watched it, I felt it. It was an absolutely brilliant reading of a brilliant book with an abundance of messages about human nature and human behavior at its best and at its worst.Early in the thirties, the effects of the Great Depression were raging. Jobs were scarce and money was hard to come by. Poor people found it hard to send their children to school because they were needed to help out on the farm or in other ways to provide for the family. They often went hungry. In the south, race relations were poor and the people of color were poorer. There were few civil rights afforded to blacks. They were oppressed by those who thought of themselves as better. They stood little chance of having a fair trial if accused of a crime or of improving their economic condition. They were at the mercy of whites, and some whites were evil. These were the times, rife with inequities, that this novel takes place.There are several characters that play meaningful roles in the story:1-Atticus Finch is as close as a human being can get to being a saint; he seems near perfect. He is calm, contemplative, kind and compassionate, fair and non-judgmental, and he has no desire whatsoever for retribution even when he has been wronged.  He teaches by setting a good example for others and believes in always doing what is right. He has two children, Jeremy and Jean Louise. He raises them with the same values. His wife has died.Atticus is a lawyer, and he has been appointed to defend a black man who has been accused of rape. Atticus knows it will be an uphill battle to defend him in Alabama, but he would never refuse the case. He believes that Tom Robinson, accused by Bob Ewell, a no-account in town who drinks and abuses his children, is innocent. He is disappointed and saddened by the state of the justice system regarding the treatment and trial of blacks accused of a crime. He vows to do his best, even when some townsfolk object to his defense of a black man whom they would rather see wrongfully punished for daring to touch a white girl, than shame the white man who is lying to protect himself simply because he can, in this white world. A black man simply has less value to them than even a man they know is a lowlife. Their arrogance and blindness propel them to behave this way.2-Scout (Jean Louise), is the younger of the two children. She is the voice of this novel. Her voice, as a young child filled with innocence and wonder, is authentic. She is just entering kindergarten and is suddenly exposed to a world that is sometimes unjust and cruel. Scout is a bit more rambunctious than her older brother Jem. She is also ""in love"" with her playmate, Dill (Charles), and he, also very young, has professed his love for her. Scout adores Calpurnia.3-Jem, (Jeremy) is more like his father. He is a careful thinker and as the older brother, he cares for and protects Scout who wants to do everything he does, even though he is older. He is not a saint, he is a boy who knows how to play as well as how to toil. Both children have enormous respect for their ""older"" father whom they call Atticus, not dad, throughout the book.4-Calpurnia is the insightful, black maid/nanny who astutely cares for and helps to raise the Finch children. She is like part of the family. She has basically brought them up as a surrogate parent. She does everything their mother would have done, disciplining them, nourishing them and loving them. She knows how to read and write and speaks differently, in a more educated manner when she is working, than when she is at her home because it wouldn’t do to be “uppity” in her own neighborhood. She is acquainted with the young man that Atticus is defending.  Both children genuinely care for and respect her.5-Boo (Arthur Radley), is a developmentally challenged neighbor who keeps totally to himself and doesn’t speak. He is the neighborhood “freak”, and the children are wary of him. They have never seen him and attribute all sorts of character traits to him and relate stories about the nefarious things he might have done. Is he really a ""gentle giant"" quietly living his life?6-Scout’s teacher, Miss Caroline, seemed largely unaware of the needs of the poor children or of the problems they faced preventing them from attending school. She resented Scout for knowing how to read before the rest of the class was taught. She seemed unprepared for her job and naïve, at best.Each character played an important role in setting the scene, illustrating the atmosphere that often existed then in small and large towns, everywhere. Harper Lee, using, insight, wit and wisdom, has carefully drawn a picture of the race relations that existed down south with its prejudice and poverty, whites towards blacks and blacks toward whites, albeit in the latter case, with far less power and effect. She has articulated the ignorance and abject hatred that existed there in some quarters. It was widely known that blacks had far fewer advantages and little chance of proving their innocence when accused of a crime. It was a time when a black life was thought to be worth far less than a white life, and some may think that, even today. Even if the jury knew the accused was being framed, in the interest of preserving white superiority, they often convicted him as part of a conspiracy to maintain the status quo. A black man could simply not get away with any accusation a white person made, even though innocent. Their superiority had to be maintained at all costs. Still today, almost six decades since the book was published, the reader will wonder if much has changed, and upon careful reflection will realize, yes, much has truly changed, but some attitudes on both sides, black and white, have not. Still, one can hope that the guileless children, with their pure thoughts and trusting natures, will lead the way.In this sweet narrative, related by Scout, a five year old, frank and open, honest and sincere in her thoughts, questions and spontaneous evaluations of events, the prevailing southern attitudes of the times, come to light. The class distinctions are apparent and the differences in treatment are very obvious.  The children sometimes have more common sense than the adults. They are kinder and fairer and love without reservations.***“I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way….” Music and lyrics written by Michael Masser and Linda Creed."
they loved it
Good read.
My favorite all time novel. It is magical.  And it is the inspiration that motivated me to write novels.
"So good. I read it in high school but it was over Christmas break and I was short on time so I read the reader's digest condensed version and it condensed whole parts of the story right out, as evidenced by my test score. I loved it then and loved it more now. Remarkable that it was her first and only novel, at least until To Set a Watchman is published. I hope she is not being exploited."
a masterpiece
I loved it. I saw the move many years ago.
a true classic
"very good refreshing after so many years since I had read it first time ,"
"Great book, would highly recommend it to anyone. A classic."
Great book. Not 50th edition as discribed
Loved it!! Easy reading. Kept you interested.
I read this book every year and get emotional at the end EVERY time. A classic that should be read by everyone.
Great read. Lots of human issues brought up and seen through the eyes of a child.
I loved it I simply loved it. In my opinion an Iconic book in the American literature and the fight against racism.
A perfect book.
"I am in awe! Love the story, so simple and yet so compelling. You want to be part of this family even though is not easy.Fantastic writing, love the language"
"Published by Harper Audio in 2008Originally published in 1960Winner of the Pulitzer PrizeVoted ""Best Novel of the Century"" in a Library Journal pollRead by Sissy SpacekDuration: 12 hours, 17 minutesI almost feel silly writing a review for a book that is nearly universally regarded as one of the best, if not THE best, novels written in the last century. This book is read in schools across the country, was adapted into an amazingly successful movie that is as highly regarded as the book. This book is not just respected - it is loved.I also hate to admit that it had been nearly 25 years since I had read To Kill a Mockingbird. Although I remembered that I loved the book, I had really forgotten why.So, when I was offered the chance to review this audio version by the publisher for free I jumped it at. It had been such a long time that I needed to remind myself why it was so great.I am not going to waste everyone's time by re-telling the story in detail. Harper Lee creates a wonderfully rich world set in a small town in Alabama during the Great Depression. The story is told from the point of view of young ""Scout"" Finch. Scout starts as a first grader but the story progresses through several years. She lives with her brother Jem and her father Atticus, an attorney. Her daily life at home is maintained by the African American housekeeper Calpurnia who treats Jem and Scout like they are her own children. Later, her aunt moves in to provide a more permanent feminine role model in the house.In the first part of the book, Scout's world comes to life as Harper Lee takes the time to lay out her world for us. In the second part of the book, this world is interrupted by an outrageous court case in which Atticus is appointed to defend a black man wrongfully accused of raping a white woman. The third part of the book deals with the consequences of that case.But, the book is so much more than that. I grew up in a small town in Indiana and her descriptions of the rhythms of childhood play in the summer felt so true to me that the characters become so real that I felt like I actually knew them in my own childhood.Sissy Spacek's reading of this book is as timeless as the book itself. The decision not to have her actually change voices as she reads the story was a brilliant stroke. Most audiobook readers change voices and make separate voices for each of the characters even if it is told from the point of view of just one of the characters. Spacek keeps the entire story in the voice of Scout because the entire story is told from her point of view. It is her story.I thoroughly enjoyed this audiobook. I found myself listening to it whenever I could. I happily rate it 5 stars out of 5."
"The content speaks for itself, so this review us about this edition. We bought a set for our daughter's class and they are great. They are compact, but sturdy, so perfect for middle schoolers."
I love this book so much it twas indeed a magnifeicent to read about I was really excited about it
American classic worth anyone's time.
The movie was a lot a lot better. The book was boring. Repetitive.
Historically accurate and hard to put down. I love all the characters especially atticus for staying true to his principles.
"A beautifully-written book that is worth reading time and again.  I first read this book when I was fourteen, and I've re-read it every year or so since then, because as I grew up, so did my understanding of Harper Lee's themes.If you like ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" you will probably like ""for Mischief done"""
I very thought provoking book.
Excellent
"This book is well known by a lot of readers. It was not perhaps what I expected, but was good"
"it was good, but not a top 20 one should read.."
Best book every written. Should be REQUIRED reading in every grade school class in the country. Teaches a lot about people both good and bad. And please don't rant about it's use of the N word. Get over it.
One of my all time favorite books.  I wanted to re-read it before Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman is realeased in July.
"Harper Lee uses language with creativity, delight and insight to make characters fully dimensional and events real enough that you feel as though you are participating in them. I regret that we have but two books written by this talented author."
"I will admit that I'm 35 and this is the first time I read the book. In the end I really just felt disappointed. There was a lot of character development throughout the whole book but no resolution to anyone's story. Basically there's was only an end to one person's story and that was the Ewell man who really wasn't talked about much in comparison to everyone else including Jean Louise, her brother, Dill, Cal, Boo, or the aunt. A large portion was dedicated to the Radley and the mystery behind it but then that's it. All the sudden Arthur Radley swoops in, a few lines are said about him and the end. I would read it again just to say yes I read a classic and check it off my list but I can't say I really missed anything by not reading until now."
Very well written.
This is the closest thing to the Great American Novel (if there could be such a thing).
Everyone should read this book.  It's well written with complex characters and deals with complex issues.  Really a great book.
Timeless and awesome!
A classic-- even if you read it in school; read it again.  Lee is a wonder.
"The classic. A choice for our senior book club, we are enjoying the reading fifty years later. Scout and her dad, Atticus Finch, are etched in America's culture forever. Just read it."
Very good!!
"Clearly one of the finest novels ever written. I reread it every seven or eight years and it continues to provide me with greater insight and respect  for the paragon of virtue and decency that is Atticus Finch. Anyone calling themself a reader who has not read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" might wish to rethink their position."
Wonderful read. I enjoyed reading this again as an adult. Sometimes I think this may be wasted on teenagers.
"would have like it to go on, good writing"
"Great, timeless read. The dialogue is witty and comforting.  It's easy to slip right into life next door to the Finch family, even when parts of the book make me very uncomfortable.  It's probably been banned from school libraries and that is too bad, because I would gladly give this book to anyone from  adolescent up.The classic movie is very good, the book even better (though I did see Gregory Peck in Addicus Finch.)"
was for a student for a lesseon
"I loved this book.  I had seen the film years ago, but never read the book.  The voices are wonderful.  Set in the 1930's, published in 1960 - and we still very much need the message of equal justice."
Loved this book. Can see why it is an American Classic.
I had already read it years ago. Enjoyed it again!
"This books is MUCH smaller than I expected it to be.  Miniature book, not normal book size.  I must have missed that in the description of the book, so beware if you were expecting something customary."
"A story fit for today's reality of racism in the south, love of family, love of children, love for community, caring for others no matter what color, and learning about life thru the eyes of a child growing up. If only we today could get past the color barrier and understand God's love for all people. We all must try!"
Didn't find up to  every ones review
I would recommend this book to everyone. It gives you a new perspective on people and betters you as a person.
"There is nothing more that I could add that hasn't already been said about this ageless, classic work! I am not a big fan of the way publishers now leave raggedy edges to books now as I purchased this as an addition to my library as I am  highly anticipating Harper Lee's new release in July in hardcover!"
Great book
I've loved this book since I first read it in middle school many years ago.  Recently picked up the audiobook version for a road trip.  Love the reading by Sissy Spacek.
"I haven't read this book in years, but I got it for my daughter to read someday soon!  She's only ten, but I'm hoping that in the next three to four years, she might be ready to listen to this read aloud, and then maybe read it herself!"
"I wish I had read this book before.  I know there are many things that I missed this first time, what I didn't miss was the passion it implies. Highly recommend it."
"Took foreign literature the last two years of high school and never got to read this classic until now. The story brought me back to my own childhood, even though I grow up in the 1970s. Seeing the world through the eyes of a child makes the difficult themes of racism and violence somehow more accessible. Although a lot has changed between the 1930s and today there are many parallels. Justice still doesn't truly exist in the way it should for all Americans and fairness is not evenly applied but there's always hope that some brave souls will keep fighting for it."
awesome book
"Most people read this classic in high school, but it was never part of my college prep curriculum. So here I am, six decades later reading this poignant novel to my utter enjoyment. The sagacity by which Atticus models his nonprejudice in the racial division in Alabama's post WWII era is timeless wisdom."
A very good read a classic novel. A real page turner. A must read for all ages boys and girls
"The morals of this story ring as true today as they did when the book was written, or when the book takes place. Well-written and draws you into the small world of maycomb well."
"Truly a classic but one that never gets old.  I read this book when I was in High School and now my daughter had to read this for High School so I decided to read it again.I love the story of Atticus, Scout and Jim.  These three characters are so well developed that you feel you actually know this family.  Atticus is a lawyer and gets the case to defend a young black man in a rape case in the deep south.  Scout and Jim learn so much about life in that era and how people can be so cruel but they also learn some great life lessons along the way.I highly recommend this book to anyone over the age of 13.  One of my favorites of all time..."
"I am 82 and was 2  when  the trial took place.  The small Texas town we lived in was Baytown.  The Humble Oil Refinery employed most of the area work force.  See internet story of its 90 year history there.  De  Zevala elementary school was a converted Humble community building used to educate Latinos but they were integrated in the seventh grade.  Blacks  attended Carver school and graduated from there.  Whites graduated from Robert E. Lee High School.  The school band and bugle corp wore Confederate uniforms, played "" Are You From Dixie""  and marched  behind a Confederate flag included along with the others.The refinery avoided community and race problems by providing adequate pay and safe working conditions in those years. We had no unions or strikes or riots or KKK."
Was for the wife.
I say just read the book for yourself.  Then watch the movie.
"Our book club truly enjoyed the book.great discussion and looking forward to new release this summer, which we have for our read in August."
great book
"Beautifully written- Atticus Finch is an inspirational character in every sense. A great lawyer, father and townsman. To strive to emulate him is the consequence of this book."
Very important book. I got all three of my grandchildren one.
As described and on time.
This book is real life and provides the reader with clear insight into how Southerners in the US thought and felt about the races.  Atticus is the best role model Scout could have had and he provides the same guidance to all of us.  This is a must read.
One of the finest modern novels ever published.
"If we are ever to learn from our mistakes from the past, we need more books like this. We need more humans like Atticus Finch. If more humans showed his tenacity and understanding, the world would be a much better place.This is the story of a man who is put on trial simply because he is black. This is the story of that man's white lawyer and his children as they take the backlash from the 1930s deep south community. Beautifully told through a little girl's view, this is a tale of the end of childhood innocence. A must read for every generation."
One of my favorite books of all time!
It is a classic.  The characters are so well developed  I use this book or the movie adaptation for the comparative justice course I taught. It gives the students a great deal to talk about and then compare with justice stories in film or short stories from around the world.
"A  lovely  American classic, with  a really unforgettable character: Atticus."
"I've loved To Kill a Mockingbird for years but never owned a hardcover copy, I've had to search a bit to find this brand new copy and I'm very pleased with it. It's a full sized hardcover, not the smaller size. It's not always easy to tell what you're getting. This one is great."
A book that transports you back in time and makes you feel as if you are one of the characters.
"This is a captivating story that held my attention to the end. It's so refreshing to read a book that doesn't depend on bad language, sex, or drugs to keep its audience."
I had never read this book and enjoyed it.very interesting!!
This was one of the best books I have ever read. I love that it was based off real life situations.
Awesome!!!!
"In preparation for her new book,  Go Set A Watchman,  I decided to reread this book.  I first read this 27 years ago as a sophomore in high school.  I remembered liking it and thinking fondly of it, however I'm shocked at how much of this book I didn't remember that it was like reading it for the first time.  I'm more amazed at just how wonderful this book really is and kicking myself for not rereading itearlier. This book is so powerful and pertinent as a backdrop to what we're seeing going on today with all the unrest out there.  We've come a long way but still have a ways to go.Lastly,  probably the most amazing thing about this book was that it came after her publisher said they wanted to see a back story to Scout growing up after reading the draft of Go Set A Watchman.  To think that this is the book that she came up with,  as an afterthought is just amazing.  Truly a talented author and storyteller.  If you haven't read this book or it's been a long time since you have please give it a try."
Have loved this book for years and enjoyed it again
It's a classic and a good one!!
I loved this book when I first read it years ago and thoroughly enjoyed reading it again with my students. They loved it as much as I did the first time.
"Such a wonderful, classic book! Great quality!"
Wonderful!
I bought the book because I wanted to re-read it before I got the new one in July.  I love the book and actually thought I already had it in my collection.
This is a book that I never read while growing up - now I am glad I did. But it is a sad story.  I loved the larger print edition.
Even better than I remembered!
"A wonderfully written book, enjoyed as much this time as first reading almost 50 yeas ago."
"As good, if not better, the second time around! Can't wait for the new book."
"I had read this book several years ago, but with the introduction of a newly discovered book by Harper Lee, I wanted to re-read it.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and recommend it to others.  I look forward to the next read by Harper Lee."
I have heretofore neglected to read this Pulitzer Award book.  I am glad to havee it and discover all the wonderful characters.
This is a book that everyone should read. The lessons are as relevant today as they were in 1960.
"Great book. Love the main character, Scout."
Great book and fantastic narrating
"So glad I finally read this book. It's such a great read from the eyes of a child as she learns life's lessons about racism, prejudice and ignorance. It's a story about family and love."
I love having a well made hardback of this book.
"I've seen the movie a couple times, but as usual, the book was better! Great reading!! Movies can never match a great book!"
"I subbed for a high school class who were reading this, and decided I needed to revisit this classic. It was as wonderful as I remembered, and I realized I was hearing Gregory Peck and the narrator from the movie as I read, and how well the movie had followed the story. No need to improve on perfection."
This is  a deeply thoughtful book of great understanding and l personal observation.  Contacts between individuals were so very descriptive and made one reminiscent of people known to ourselves in earlier life and times.  I loved its' depth of meaning and actions.
Best book ever.
I liked the atmosphere that this book created and how it blended two separate stories (that of Boo Radley and that of Tom Robinson) together fluidly.
Read this in high school and just read it again. Looking forward to the Lee's new book to be released.
Amazing
I had read this book years ago as a teenager and wanted to  reread as an adult. Thank goodness our country's racial attitudes have improved since those earlier years but we still could improve more. I loved how Lee developed the characters and Atticus' character was a fine example in parenting. It was a sad story but also had humorous parts and especially in its time it was a story that needed to be told. The ending really resonated with me.
We're at classic.  If you haven't read it you must.
Like a lot of people I've seen the movie at least 4 or five times but until you read the book you wonder why everyone makes such a fuss about Harper Lee. Well by God read the book.
Excellent price! Book arrived in good condition within three days of purchase.
Wonderful book with great character development.
"Beautifully written. You enjoy every word written.  You feel you are there.  At the same time some descriptions make you feel the beauty of times past,  family, towns....."
This is a thought provoking book. I must admit it makes me feel bad how we sometimes treat others so poorly. It has made me reevaluate how I treat those different from me.  I am glad that it is required reading is so many of our schools.  Great book & a must read.
"This book is so beautifully written. I'm only about half way through, but I love the story and the characters."
This is a classic I somewhat had a hard time getting into it but by the second part it goes really fast
"If you have seen the movie but never read the novel you're missing a lot. The movie is great but the novel is even better with more characters and more in-depth character development, and more complex plot lines. By the end you'll be wishing you grew up with Scout and Jem and Atticus and Calpurnia."
"After hearing it recommended for years, I finally got around to reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" All I can say is that it is indescribably good, and I am both humbled and encouraged to try to capture a similar kind of magic in my next book.Russell J Hall, author of ""Second Wind on the Way of Saint James"""
all time classic
Read in high school. Re-read as an adult Nice to compare insights to 36 years later. Wonder if it is still required reading for 15 -16 years old students?
just stellar!!
Good
One of my favorite books of all times..... Love reading it over and over again.
Excellent
Loved it AGAIN>
First time I have read this classic and I'm sure I will read it again!
A classic!
Great read. Read it before the new book us released.
I can't believe I waited until I was almost 70 to read this book.  It was a treasure.
"I remembered the film, but only the court room part.  Viewing everything through a child's eyes gave the whole novel a clarity ad different angle of vision.  Enjoyed it very much indeed."
This should be required reading in every high school in America
"In my opinion, and that's what this is, this book has been highly overrated. Yes, the last half of the book, dealing with Tom Robinson and Boo Radley is great, however, it's the first half of the book that is absolutely a drudge on one's reading senses. Establishing the Finch's family history in Maycomb is not needed in as great of detail as it has been done; simply writing a paragraph or two would have sufficed. Instead, the reader is stuck with a copious amount of this type of material, which is quickly becomes overkill.Why this book is taught in high school, I do not understand. It is out of touch with kids today or more likely, kids are out of touch with this type of literature today. This novel should be aimed directly at college students studying history or adults with an interest in history and civil treatment of all people. The book is so dense and bogged down in details not related to the theme of acceptance of everyone, that kids often lose sight of the theme or simply lose interest in the novel. Teachers must remember, just because you like something, does not mean your students will."
Wonderful book.  It is so rare to find a book I can get lose myself in.  I did not want to put it down.
"I read it a long time ago and saw the movie but was happy to read it again. I had forgotten so much. It is a ""must read"" for everyone."
Everyone should read this book. Outstanding.
To Kill a mockingbird is the best book I have ever read!!!! I loved it when I was a child and I still love it today!!
Truly one of the best books of all time. I can't wait for Harper Lee's book coming out this summer.
All time favorite summer read! I've lost count the number of times I have read it. It's my classy classic! Great for all ages.
An excellent read
"Only saw the film, but loved the book .Now I want to see the movie again and this time I will understand it better."
Timeless book. Can see why it was acclaimed in the early 1960's.  Definitely gives a glimpse in the Deep South at the time.
The most popular and most loved book for obvious reasonsShould be in everyones book shelf  to insist the younger generations read it
I think this is a great book.  Atticus is a great role model for all of us.
Enjoyed again this beautifully written story.
It's a wonderful book setting back in its history.
Obviously one of the best American novels of the twentieth century.  Everyone should read this - more than once.
Excellent buy!
The great book ever written!
"Watched the movie many years ago but never read the book,i was pleasantly surprised and my interest was maintained throughout."
"As I read, I pictured Gregory Peck, the epitome paRticular.Enjoyed the Southern slang and ways  a captivating perfect story."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is probably one of the greatest American novels of the 20th century. The fact that it was erstwhile author Harper Lee's only book (to date) makes it especially notable for its depth and richness. In the sense that the forthcoming ""Go Set A Watchman"" was actually written first (and was rejected), the second effort by Ms. Lee has made an impact in American society that few others have.However, it's story of racism in Depression-era south Alabama doesn't come out immediately. Instead, Lee treats us to a proto-""Wonder Years"" segment detailing the lives of Jean Louise (Scout) and Jeremy (Jem) Finch, the children of widower Atticus Finch. Finch is a local attorney of some renown and who does well enough that he can afford a Negro maid by the name of Calpurnia. In the lead up to the actual gist of the novel, we see the world through Scout's eyes as she begins school and the interactions with her friends and neighbors.When the actual meat of the story begins, it is not a dramatic event, per se, but rather something as commonplace as teasing between children in the schoolyard. It is by being tormented by a classmate that Scout finds out that her father has been ordered to defend Tom Robinson (black) against the charge of the attempted rape of Mayella Ewell. It is obvious to anyone with a sense of worldliness how the trial ends up.Then, just as suddenly, the white hot story is brought down to a simmer and seemingly reverts back to a child's memories of growing up. Bob Ewell's humiliation as a result of the trial and how he intends to get his revenge upon the major players in the trial is left for the reader to wonder at its outcome. When it finally does come, the novel merely closes up shop and turns the sign over to say ""CLOSED"" as nothing more needs said.My family's homeschool group will read this book as part of a class on classic works of fiction. Along with reading the book, the film of the same name will be presented. It makes for great study to see the story played out in separate media.PARENTAL GUIDANCE: Obviously, because this deals with racial attitudes and mores that are thankfully not as prevalent today, there is a gratuitous use of n----r within the text, along with some mild cursing. People who may be offended by such callous use of that epithet may wish to avoid it.BOTTOM LINE: A classic work of literature that demands your attention."
"Great story, great read!"
"Exceptional is the way to talk about Mockingbird. It is a book in its own league when it comes to writing. I love seeing life in Depression Era Maycomb, Alabama through the eyes of a little girl, Scout, a tomboy fighting to keep up with her older brother Jem. Their father, Atticus, a southern lawyer and a gentleman, and kinda poor, but not without the necessities, is the father all of us wanted. It is a time of growing up and light-heatedness but mixed with a triple tragedy--poor Boo Radley, poor Tom Robinson, and southern backwoods ugly beyond belief in Tom Ewell and his daughter Mayella. I grew up in small towns in the Deep South as well as coastal Savannah, and all this rings true and authentic to me. Harper Lee outdid herself in the writing. She deserved the Pulitzer. It is a five or six star novel."
print too small for me to read
A good sense of racial feelings in the south during the 1930 era.
Looking forward to sequel. Reread this now after 50 years to be ready!
"Read this book years ago and re-read recently. LOVE, LOVE, LOVED it even more the 2nd time around. I recommend everyone . . . read it again."
I had forgotten what a wonderful book it was and loved going back through history.  I'm anxious to see the new Harper Lee book as a continuation
Having never read this in my youth I enjoyed it immensely.
Pre-ordered Harper Lee's new book so I wanted to get a new copy of her original so I could hold onto them together in my personal library.
Not really a gripping novel. Easy reading but lacked a continuation of the plot. Probably would not recommend it to an fault.
New all over again and so little has changed.
"Great story...even better than the movie, if that's possible!"
Well written with good character development
"Interesting story, well written, the movie made has become a classic."
"Just finished this classic again, it is timeless!"
Good reading
This is a classic read.  Especially good for middle school age children and older.
Modern classic. Excelente
One of the bestw
An enjoyable classic.  When I was 10 I missed much of the dry humor and wistful tone of the author.  I am glad I read it again.
A timeless classic
"I had seen the movie many times, but had never read the book; the book is even better.  There are details and nuances not possible in a movie, and Harper Lee is masterful at nuance. Boo Radley became a household name for misunderstood eccentrics. It is not possible to read this without Kleenex."
It's a classic for good reason.
I haven't finished reading the book but I am fascinated by its content.
There's a reason it's a classic.
It's easy to see why this book got a Pulitzer Prize!!
Good story - well written.  Holds your interest.
It's a classic. Can't wait for her sequel.
A great book. Gets really exciting in part 2.
"I read this before a long time ago.  I wanted to get this copy to keep and read it again at my leisure, and maybe send it to my Daughter for her enjoyment.  Obviously this is not a book review - sorry."
"Excellent book which should be read by all teenagers, young adults and most importantly by adults.  It depicts a very just and fair idea of life shown through the eyes of a child who is guided by her unassuming father. Very cleverly and sympathetically written. Looking forward to the 'lost manuscript' to be published in July."
"Not much to say about this book.  It is a classic for a reason.  Both my parents were raised in the south, and I read this to my 11YO son with an eye towards helping him understand the world in which his paternal grandparents were raised.  He seemed to enjoy it as much as I liked reading it again."
I absolutely adore this novel. This is my most favorite book. This is a must read for anyone of any generation.
"Good read, a great story about the ""human condition"".  Wish I could get my children to read it.  Makes you think!!!"
My all time favorite book.  Can't wait for the one coming in June.  Or is it July?
Love this book.  This is the 2nd time I read it.
Always good to go back and re-read one of the all time classics.  Many people have bucket lists of things they want to do and places they want to visit.  To Kill A Mockingbird should be on everyone's must read bucket list.
"This is such a classic novel.  The inner action between everyone blends together.  Yes it is outdated, but how else are we to learn about how things were 10,20,30,40 and so on years ago.  It was a different time, different morals and how these were handled is what makes it so great."
Haven't read since the 70's. A timeless classic .
"A perfectly wonderful tale, childhood innocence set against both virtue and evil. Everyone should read it again before reading her new one."
A long time favorite. Needed a keepsake copy.
Rich in descriptions that put you in the time and place. I could feel the heat and humidity and taste the lemonade of summer. I felt the boredom of sitting in a stuffy room full of proper white ladies. Pour Scout.The character development is just as rich. I don't think I've ever known anyone as understanding of human nature than Atticus Finch. The world would be a better place with more men like that to teach their children how to deal with the injustices in this life and remain tolerant.
Enjoy reading old classic
A classic among classics.
"Decided to reread it after many years and just as good as I remembered...especially with all going on in the news these days, it is still so relevant."
Love this book.
Best
"Harper Lee is not only a good story teller but her characters almost spring to life off the page, can't even choose a favourite.  She deals with the racial issues bravely and when I had to stop reading I couldn't wait to get back to it."
"This is one of the greatest books of all time for many reasons.Lee's easy to read writing style pulls her readers in to a world that is told in a way that only someone who lived through that period in time can describe in intimate detail. You're right there with her as the children play a convoluted game of hide and seek with Boo Radley. You can feel the hatred emanating from Bob Ewell's very being from the courthouse to the end of the book.I wish I could have chosen multiple options for mood because Mockingbird contains them all. You'll be hard pressed to find another novel this short (380 pages or so) that has so much going on without feeling cramped or rushed.At it's very roots it is a novel about growing up in the South but there is so much more there, laid bare and easy to see for anyone who wants to read it. I don't think there is a book I'd recommend more than To Kill A Mockingbird."
Love this book!  Written so well that I read it every so often.
Beautifully written and very touching
So glad I took the time to read this wonderful book. I never read this in high school like so many have. It's a sweet book. You grow to love the characters. Seeing it through a child's eyes was the best part.
I'm so surprised I hadn't read this book earlier. It was great!!
Just as described!
"This was the most amazing, touching, and inspiring novel I have ever read. I read it for literature class, and it was great for discovering secret meanings behind the story, and I found so many great points. Suggest this to eighth graders and up. This book is life-changing I swear."
Truly defines the word 'classic'. One of the best ever written.
the style and verbage is mout of date
Great book that helps us to understand life in the South in the 1930's
This is a classic that should be required reading for everyone.
Fabulous
Great book!
Enjoyed
If you haven't already read this you really should. It's a true american classic.
Great classic
timeless classic
Great read!
"I'm a little late in life reading To Kill a Mockingbird, but I have had it for a day and I'm on chapter 10... I was immediately sucked in, It's deep south, ""back in the day"", with a drawl! It's a wonderful, easy read, with legit, real writing."
"Very inspiring.  Phenomenal narration of compassion, humanity, justice and belief. All of which are rare in today's time."
"Had to read this book for a project. I admit that I believed I would not enjoy it, but I was surprised when this book drew grabbed me and would not let go. I highly suggest reading this awesome classic."
THESE 4 BOOKS WERE A GIFT.
A classic!! Wonderfully written book!!
really great book! a must read!
It's a classic. Always will be. One of the best books written.
One of my top 10 favorite books
Probably should have read this long ago in school but am now thoroughly enjoying it
Bought it to re-read and haven't started it yet.  Going on vacation and plan to read a lot of things that I haven't had time to read.
"I have seen the movie a long time ago, so I knew some of what was going to happen.  Having said that, I loved revisiting the characters and remembering as well as learning parts of the book that were not in the movie.  I could read this again and again.  A true classic!"
Assigned to read in school. Now rereading to help child who was assigned book. Enjoyed first time. Intrigued and captivated my mind again.  So much wisdom and life observations packed into this book.It's like an onion where you peel back tiny layers to reveal a fresh section. Definitely a classic favorite!
GREAT VALUE
I believe this is the finest book of American literature that has ever been written.
"I mean, this is Harper Lee's finest work. Only a literary minion would slam TKAM..."
I see why this is a classic!
"Definitely worth re-reading, more wonderful than the first few times. Sequel arrives in July so probablyimportant to review the characters and plot."
An old one but a good one; the issues still relevant today.
I just finished this book for the 2nd time.  The characters quickly become real and you will find yourself caring for them and wanting to know what is coming next. This could easily have been a true story and that is what makes it such an excellent book.
"All American classic, I had not read this book in 10 years it is still one of my favorites a great read for all"
Well written.  It is a classic.
A read everyone needs to read!
Was and still is my favorite book and author.
"Classic.  Read this book in high school.  Read again for pleasure, age adds perspective."
A classic that will always be my favorite. Could read it over and over! 💗
One of the best nivels that has ever been written. Rarely do characters live on as the filks from Maycomb. Thank you Harper Lee.
Always a great read! One of my favorite books of all time.
Amazing story and so relevant today. Looking forward to the sequel!
Simply delicious
"One of my all-time favorite books!  I read it in high school,and just finished reading it again. It seems it was rewritten just for me."
To Kill a Mocking Bird is a renown novel that portrays wonderfully racism in America.
Thoroughly enjoyed this classic.  Can't believe I had never read it.  Now I am going to watch the movie and  see how closely it stays true to.the.book
My favorite book of all time and I teach high school English!
"Skip this ""classic"" since the plot is outdated and the story is boring.  I could tell this story in a few sentences."
"Great story made into a great movie.  Anyone who reads the book should see the movie with Gregory Peck and anyone who has seen the movie needs to read the book.  They both compliment each other.Lots of twists, tense moments and insights.Must read for the first time or read again if you last read the book in high school like I did."
This is a great book
BEST book I have ever read!!
I re -read this classic this past summer after so many years (30 +) and realized that it is a classic - - it speaks to timeless issues and universal themes.
"It's hard to pick the boxes provided when rereading a classic. I hadn't read this book since high school. I'd watch the movie a few times and it one of my favorites. Rereading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was pure joy. I loved the pace and the characters. The depiction of a family and a community coming to terms with deeply embedded fear, ignorance and prejudice along with coming of age themes awakening qualities of self, family and character are revealed. It's a delightful read."
"I'd never read the book but saw the movie when I was younger.  This was powerful, especially for the time that it was published.  I can remember whispers about it and if I am not mistaken, the school library did not have it.  Great writing, I am looking forward to the new book which is to be released soon?"
This is a great book. It was interesting to note the that the narrator and her brother were more mature in outlook on things. It speaks to the social injustices during that period in history. When you think about it not much has really changed (behind the scenes).
"I really like this book. It highlights the sort-of racism back then, and is quite a long book so it can be an on-going project or (if your a quick reader) a lazy afternoon read in the armchair. Sound good? It's even better than you think"
After I read the followup book maybe it will all come together.
Well-written novel that well represents history. Exciting plot which makes for a book that you won't be able to put down.
A true American classic. Modern literature at its best.
Good reading through generations
I have heard about this book all my adult life. So decided to finally read it with great anticipation.  I was disappointed...fair book.
"Loved it the first time and maybe even more this time.  Can't wait for the ""new"" book."
This is an iconic American novel. It is enem more amazing in that it deals with issues of race and was written in the 1950's.
"I feel the book was good & quite interesting but after hearing how great it is over the years I didn't feel it lived up to all the ""best book ever""  reviews."
One of the great classic books.
A classic that teaches the wise proverb to consider what it is like to walk in another person's shoes.
"This is such an excellent book with genuine characters, a perfectly woven story, and a sense of realism that surpasses anything else I've read. A story where each character speaks with a voice perfectly suited, whether child, adult, lawyer, gossip or recluse. A must-read!"
"This is probably my all-time favorite book.  I had to read it in high school; and unlike other required reading, I actually DID read this as a teenage boy.  Of course, many of the topics, nuances and issues were over my head at the time; but I did enjoy the book.  Later, after I became an adult and an avid reader, I remembered the book and that I liked it.  So I read it again, with a new older perspective than my 15 year old perspective the first time I read it.I liked it even more.  There was so much that I just didn't ""get"" when I read it the first time when I was a teenager; so much of the story I'd missed with an adolescent mind forced to read a book that had nothing to do with my life.  I suppose that is how we are as kids.I've read this book more than a couple times since; most recently when I got it on my Kindle, and it never stops amazing me.Everything about this book is exquisite.  The description of where it takes place, the characters are drawn so vividly and honestly that you can see them in your head, the attitudes of that specific place and time (so different now, but so the way it was) .  But it's the writing that makes everything come together.A short span of time from the eyes of a little girl told from her adult self, is honest in every respect.  It is descriptive, funny, disturbing, tragic; but there is so much love and honor.  Atticus Finch may not be the greatest man or the greatest father (according to our standards today), but he truly IS an honest, true, outstanding man and an outstanding and loving and devoted father.In my opinion, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee is one of the finest, if not the best, book I've ever read.  And I will continue to read it because this is truly a novel that makes me laugh, makes me question ""us"" as a society (not just in the 1930s but even today), moves me, inspires me,Possibly the best novel ever written."
One of the best books I have ever read. Cannot believe it took me this long to read this book.
A worthy classic!
Entertaining.
"This was a ""Book Club"" selection and everyone liked it very much."
best book ever written!
This book is  a must read for any middle school student and a must read again for any adult. Harper Lee captures the psyche of a child while teaching valuable lessons of respect and patience in the character Atticus.
I read this book years ago but reading it again was a pleasure. It is a vivid picture of race relations in the 1930's.
The book is a classic.  It became one because it is so exceptional.
great book
I had to read this book in school and at first it was okay but then I really enjoyed it. I really want to see the movie now.
"I loved the characters, Aticus, Scout. Enjoyed Scout's narration and her and Jem's learning life from Aticus and their life experience."
I loved the book. It is a reminder of some of the things we had forgotten about.
"I read this book for the first time for my ninth grade English class. I went into the book thinking it would be tedious and time consuming. While I was correct that the book would take our class a long time to read, I was surprised that I found it was very enjoyable to read. We would be assigned to read one chapter a night, and I found myself reading four instead because I couldn't put down the book. Harper Lee did an amazing job using descriptions of people and places to make the reader feel immersed in the world of Maycomb with Jem, Scout, and Dill. Not many books allow the reader to grow up with the characters and see them realize the truth about the world without making the novel seem short and choppy. Harper Lee managed to let us watch Jem and Scout grow up while making the novel enjoyable and flowing from one event to another seamlessly. This novel does a beautiful job of making the reader view the world differently after reading it and I look forward to reading it many more times throughout my life."
"Better than the first time I read it years ago!  Maybe I appreciate it more this time.  I'm looking forward to the other book that Harper Lee wrote before this one evidently.,"
Great story!
Excellent read. It's good to go back to the classics.
It was very good.  I will recommend it to anyone.
"Haven't read this book since high school and I was memorized by the story. If you haven't read it in a while, do yourself a favor and read it again."
Excellent book!  I had seen the movie a couple of times before reading the book on my Kindle.  Ms.Lee's story telling kept me laughing at times and saddened about human nature.  She wrote so well that sometimes I felt I was present with the characters.
"I have read ""...Mockingbird"" several times over the past 50+ years. I discovered I did not own a copy, and with the impending publication of the sequel wanted to correct that. This edition is well presented and a good addition to my library. One of the world's all time great books!!!"
I fully understand why this book is such a classic and I am sorry that I didn't read it sooner. It is a wonderful  story that should be read by everyone.
I am 53 yrs old and never read this book. Was very good.
This is a great book! I think this book should be a must read for young readers.
Just what i wanted.. A timeless book
I purchased this for my daughter for home as she was reading the story in her 9th grade English class. It's an exact copy of what transpired in the original books.
"The excellent movie was faithful to the book, and the book contains more good story and meat than the movie."
This is a simple but eloquent story from the perspective of a young girl from a small southern town. Well written and a very easy read that is timeless.
I love this book. I read it again in anticipation of the sequel.  Of course it did not disappoint the second time around.
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is an overall amazing book.  I do not always enjoy reading, but if I had to pick my favorite book that I have read, it would definitely be To Kill a Mockingbird.  It has a very interesting story, and I found it very intriguing.  There are multiple life lessons that can be taught throughout  the novel.  I think the book will have an impact on me for the rest of my life.  There’s something about it that I can’t quite describe.  The novel has a remarkable message, and I highly recommend to read it.  It would be very hard not to like the book, due to Lee’s outstanding writing."
I have not read this book since High school brought back some good reading memories for me. I loved the characters in this book. Great Story.
"The best book I ever read. I saw the movie, but the book contained much more data than the movie."
First read the book 40 years ago in school. Read again recently and couldn't believe how much I remembered! Love this book.
Love it!
Great story for every generation
Very enjoyable reading.  Characters were interesting and brought back some pleasant memories.  Would recommend it for a lot of age groups (young adults to older adults).JW
"I've read this book at least 50 times in my lifetime.  It never gets old; the message is the same now as it was when I first read it.  To get involved with Atticus, Jem, Scout, Dill, Boo Radley, Bob and Mayella Ewell and all the other assorted characters is like being with distant family. It brings out a lot of human emotion and makes us look at our personal prejudices.  Highly recommended."
Great story!
"I somehow never read he book while in high school or college even though I saw  the movie. I knew I would enjoy the read from an author who spent many childhood  years playing with my favorite author ,Truman capote and later helped him with taking notes and interviewing people in the book ""In cold Blood"" .What I find interesting is that even with all the civil rights laws passed by congress people still view blacks much the same way as the people in the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" I.If you have not read this book please put it on your bucket list. I know you will be happy you did g. seaver  P.S. Just read the local newspaper or watch  what has been happening in Baltimore, Maryland."
I read this as a young adult. Bought it to reread prior to her new book. Have not read it yet but I liked it the last time.
Should be on everyones reading list.
"This is the second time I have read this book, had a good message then and know."
This poignant look at a time in our country's history that wasn't so pretty is a thoughtful reminder for all of us in today's world.  Our book club re-visited this classic and found a great discussion in comparing this past time with the present time of turmoil in our society.
I found it hard to read
It is easy to see why this book is a classic.
"It's a gift for my Grandson who is due in June. His name is Atticus. Beautifully wrapped, and a very sweet note included."
Read this years ago but really read it for the first time this time.  Such a great book.  Beautifully written and real.
"Very good story, well written. Holds readers attention."
fine condition and a pleasant read about a wonderful author
Always wanted
very pleased
Excellent and captivating.
The violence and sexual content are minimal although central to the plot. Wonderful writing. I'm so glad I finally took the time to read it.
"This is considered one of the great novels in American Literature - a must read.  When I finished it, I didn't share that opinion.  It was a good read, perhaps predictable.  After some thought I decided that the genius of the work was the fact that it was autobiographical.  Harper Lee grew up in Alabama during the 1930's - 1950's and witnessed first-hand the discrimination against both blacks and whites.  Somehow (perhaps by moving to New York and working with Truman Capote) she rose above that background."
This is such an amazing novel.  I highly recommend reading it.
"Just a nice story of social and family values. I was surprised by the use of the ""N"" word but like Huck Finn it was part of the southern culture at that time."
"I've pre-ordered Harper Lee's new/old book which is supposed to be a sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird, so I wanted to read the original again before I read the new one. I was so surprised, again, by what a wonderful book it is."
Classic
A classic never gets old.
Must read!
"The book is an original. This is an author from a small Southern town with no literary experience, who simply let the feelings flow, the descriptive features seemed imbedded in an mind who had lived in the same town with them all her life and who personally knew all the characters, good and bad. Out of this she had a tale to tell, one where life's experiences bred an imaginary character in ""Boo"" Radley. What the sequel will be is impossible to tell, but I suspect it could be as original as the first."
"Considering this was published in 1960, I felt like I went back in time.....now I know Scout, Atticus, and Jem and others of Maycomb, and got a sneak peek at life in a small southern town long long ago."
"If the reader can empathise with the ""Deep South"" culture of the time then this is an excellent read.  It is written through the eyes of the children which makes for interesting observance, but it is their father, Atticus, who delivers the wisdoms. Recommended."
I love this book. It's so well written and the story is amazing.
"I was more impressed  than the first time I had read the book..  I see why NY Times called it a Master Piece. Many years ago when ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" was published, I met Harper Lee  whose signature is on my hard-cover version  of the book.I am glad I red it for the econnd time;; I felt as if I was among those characters in he book'"
Excellent book. A must read for all!
"Racism, small town life, depression era, an innocent man found guilty.  All of this told through the eyes of a young girl, a little sister that tagged along and pestered her older brother (which is a little sister's duty).  Heavy subjects, beautifully told."
First time reading this novel was immensely enjoyable.  The writing is engaging and the story is historically appropriate.  The character lessons are marvelous.
"To Kill A Mockingbird was a great hit when it was published, winning the Pulitzer Prize for Literature.  It's deceptively simplistic narration by a very young girl, Scout, belies its examination of prejudice, injustice, and the effect of the depression on a small southern town.  It shows a child's reaction to being chastised for being far advanced for her age in a one size fits all educational system which underscores a theme of a society frozen in time and beliefs and that society's need to repress and try to destroy anything that challenges the status quo.  Far more than this, it shows how even with the highest of morality and integrity how difficult it is to stay true to one's moral standards when they go counter to society as a whole.I believe that this novel is even more important today than it was at the time when it was written since it reflects, although in a different manner, the racial tensions and unspoken prejudices that we are seeing at the present time.  The role of African Americans is crucial to the survival of this society but as in The Help, the divide is staggering.  Scout is fortunate that she and her brother, Jem, live in an enlightened household where their father, a single parent, is an intellectual who appreciates the African American housekeeper who has raised his children allowing him to pursue his legal and political career.  The book does show the prejudice of the day in an horrific event and its consequences.  It also suggests strongly that some of the white people of the town are married to their preconceived beliefs that Blacks are inferior and deserve less, while others believe that this  is unjust and unfair, but are afraid to express their dislike for the treatment of African Americans.  As such, they feel that Atticus expresses the moral high road that they are afraid to tread publicly.As the novel unfolds we see the children come of age and get differing perspectives on events and explore the many facets of neighbors on the block and the differences between the treatment of the races, the tensions between the rich and poor, the problems of people fighting physical and mental challenges, and child abuse.  There are so many deep issues packed into this slim novel that its simple narration by a young girl involves the reader into deciphering the depth of the issues and moral judgements."
This book is a wonderful read.  This is the second time reading.  I cannot wait until her next book comes out.
A very revealing examination of racism with an eloquent human element.
Super
Very good book
Really interesting reading.
This book is a timeless treasure.
"Book came in time for my class, and I have thoroughly enjoyed reading it."
A book everyone should readIt has it allIt makes you think everyday
A classic. Unbelievably well written.
Here is a novel that transcends the ages.
"beautiful story; as relevant today as then; should be required reading. gentle, kind, human, and written eloquently with intentional prose."
Great classic and fun to re-read.  A timeless story about how life should be lived.
"A true classic, this has been a favorite book for a  l o n g  time."
"Observes the horrors of our human prejudice  in such an innocent and matter of fact way.  Its painful subject matter maintains a permanence of the good and positive nature of the heart, never losing hope and helping to remember that small steps still take you closer to the goal of true equality. Energy is never lost in this battle."
One of the 20th century's true treasures
This book is as relevant today as when Harper Lee wrote it.  It has been over 40 years since I first read it.  It is better now.  I can not wait for Harper Lee's book that is coming out in July 2015.
An American classic
Good classic.  Felt bad for Tom
"Even if you have read this book before, it is great to re-read.  The writing and the story are timeless and excellent."
Excellent .
My favorite book ever!
We had to read this in high school but I had no idea what it was truly about until reading it  again now.  The story is still as current today as when  Harper Lee wrote it.  Her insight into life and people is amazing..glad there is another book of hers being published.
"It conveys so many meanings in the book, but most importantly, from my point of view, it is a story about growth, not only for the kids, bot also for the nations. A story about desperate characters, ending with hope. What a great book!"
Excellent!
There is so much more in the book than the movie which I love!!
Horrible book
I'm sorry this book didn't satisfied me. I prefer to make no comments .
Love it more each time I read it!
Excellent story.
"Enjoyable and educational. Absolutely love Scout's voice. Good study for any aspiring writer. Good glimpse into depression era history, sociology, and racial relations - and parenting, great examples of parenting. 😃ociology"
Great book! A must read
My first time reading (in 2015) and I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Hard to improve on a classic
I have always loved the movie. When I finally read this book I could hardly put it down. I enjoyed every word. It was better than the movie. Can't wait to read the Watchman. Harper Lee is a great writer. You Wil not be disappeared in this book.
"The writing is a work of art. I struggled with the racist language, but that was life in the South in the 1930's. The story line was average."
I read this book years ago and after reading THE MOCKINGBIRD NEXT DOOR I wanted to read to reread this book. I had forgotten what a wonderful book it was and still is. I could see in my mind all the things that were happening and I could picture all the characters. My book club is going to have a discussion on both of these books together.
"This is one of the best books of all time.  It has everything that makes a great story.  It's one of a smaller percentage of books that translated just as well to the scrreen, with great performances and of course Gregory Peck as Atticus is legendary.  I re-read this book every few years, and watch the movie as well.  I've used it to teach.  I've also just watched or read and let it teach me, all over again.  I am looking forward to Harper Lee's unpublished book that is soon to be available.  But whether it is as good, or not, she has already made a significant contribution to the world.  It shouldn't be off-putting that this is required reading in a lot of schools.  In this case, it's the kind of book that you're glad to read and you understand why it's used so often."
"Harper Lee writes the most beautiful prose. These charactersmake you laugh, cry and long for more.  A true southern classic"
One of Lee's classic tales! I can't believe it that she only published one book throughout her life! I am re-reading this book again as I am going to buy a squeal to this in JULY! Can't wait!
I am 55 years old and for the first time have read this book.  It was a great and sad read.
Great classic.
A classic for good reason.
"It was great to revisit this story, which I originally read in my teens."
"My daughter was reading this in school and said how good it was, so i decided to read it too.  I m 50 years old and have never read this in school.  It was wonderful.  I truly enjoyed this book.  I recommend it highly."
Amazing book!
The book we needed
"This has nothing to do with the book itself, and everything to do with the shipment. This book is one that I have wanted for years, and I was very excited to order it at such a great price. I have bought market books before with no issue. This book came damaged. The back cover was bent in three places and some of the back pages were bend as a result. I am a perfectionist when it comes to my books, so this was very irritating. The book that came with it in the shipment was perfect and so was the packaging, so this was an issue before it was shipped out."
Would not read again.  Kept expecting it to get better.
This is the second or third time around.  Nice to be reminded about the story line.  It would be nice if everybody would read  this book.  Really looking forward to her new book.
Great book.
This is the most amazing and fantastically written book. I've read it about fifteen times.
"Classic!! Masterfully crafted! She paints such a detailed picture of the town,its people, and the ""feel"" of the era in which it was written. I read it as an adult because my teenagers...yes teenagers, loved it so and encouraged me to read it. They have read it multiple times. The characters are so believe able and you become so emotionally involved  with them and their struggles And the children are so engaging. Read it!"
"Excellent read, awaiting the follow up book."
"I read this as a teen and saw the movie many years ago.  It did not make a bi impression on me then.  As a grandmother born in the 60's and having lived through the civil rights movement, it had much more meaning.  I would suggest parents read this with their teens and discuss it."
Still love it after all these years.
Great read
I'm so glad I have finally found this book!
Can't believe I never read this book before. I loved everything about it. If you have not read it---do so!
It's not what I expected. I want my money back.
"Although written in the 30's, there are a number of references to race and equality that persist today.80 years and we are still struggling with fairness and prejudice, something that you would think we could have overcome these many years.Perhaps our younger generations will be able to correct our shortcomings!"
Classic!
"Reading became boring when too much descriptive of gardens, the streets, the town, and too many characters.Not enough courtroom follow up that could have occurred in form of an appeal...even if Mr. Robinson dead."
"I haven't actually read the book yet, just scanned it."
Classic.  Happy to have read it and to have shared it with my Literature class.
"should have read this book years ago (but I would not have Appreciated it then, as I do  now.)."
A true classic that gets better each time you read it.
"Great literary work. Had a lot of meaning and the characters were well developed. I spent a lot of time in the beginning of the story wondering what this book was supposed to be about. What was the point? The meaning is rather subtle but it makes you think. It was not a ""can't put it down"" book but it was pretty good."
Great!
"Still fresh and exciting after all these years and have read this book too many times. Required reading in seventh grade, and fifty years later. Thanks ms. Lee."
I haven't read this for years.  It is such a good book!  It has a great message ... take time to read it!
The book was very good. I was reading and got so wrapped up in it I couldn't stop till I had read it all.
"I read this in school,but beyond a southern town, lawyer and motherless kids I had forgotten the story.Everyone should read this.  It is a little slow in the beginning, but a great book."
I love this book.  Read it at a much younger age and enjoyed reading it again.  Harper Lee is an awesome writer!
Classic. Wonderfully written.  Everyone should read. So many lessons to be remembered.
"Read it, love it. Easy reading."
The writing was excellent. The seller service very good.
"Marvelous writing, and a lasting, unforgettable message."
"I'm glad I read this after living in the South for ten years. It made it much easier to understand the slang, the local references, etc"
Good read!
A modern classic says it all.
An amazing classic that I can't believe I just read for the first time.
A really great read. I read it in a single evening. I couldn't put it down! Of course we've all seen the wonderful movie. It doesn't take away from the book at all!
Mom loved this book!
Amazing!!
Great book
"On of the greatest books of the 20th century.  Good movie, too."
Great book a must read for all!!!
Classic story of the old South. Well written
"One of the best books ever, and this is one of the best audio books ever. nuff said"
Always meant to read this novel and finally did. Stunning narration with control and pace that sets you down into Scout's world with vivid word pictures. A story for the ages and lessons that still need to be learned.
First read this in the eighth grade in 1966. I had forgotten just how good it was. A very thought provoking book. A must read before Harper Lee's new book is released.
Bought this as a gift for my mother as it is one of her favorite books. It's a very attractive book that she now keeps on her shelf at home. Happy with with the price of this item as well as the shipping speed.
"This is truly a classic.  I have both hard and soft copies of the book and just added the Kindle version.  Don't know if it's mandatory reading at schools, but it should be.  If you haven't read it, do so.  The movie is also great."
to kill a Mockingbird has always been my favorite movie and my favorite book. It teaches so much about how to conduct one's life as Mr. Atticus Finch.
"As a child in school this book was assigned, not wanting to read an entire book I chose the short version. I made a mistake! This is truly a classic and I am happy to have experienced it."
I loved this book.  It took me to a world that I didn't know about.  This story is pure humanity.
"This book lives up to its reputation. If you have never read this book, you owe it to yourself to do so."
Loved this book !!
Reread for the 50th anniversary!
I really enjoyed the book. Most people said they had to read it in school I did not. I think the message is lost on younger students. I would recommend the book.
Great classic
Good reading so far. Am enjoying this book.
Harper lee great novel  bought for school
"With Harper Lee's new novel soon to be released, I felt it was time to read the classic."
classic
"I have to admit, I hated this book when I first read it. I was a victim of forced reading in my seventh grade class and I definitely hated anything that I was forced to read.I was a little hesitant to reread this book for my book club but I am definitely glad that I did. This book was really interesting. There were many things that I didn't understand when I first read it that now resound with me. The characters are intriguing and this definitely paints a picture of what society used to be like.If you're looking for a racially charged book that makes your question society, this is the book for you. It forces you to look at a society that we all try and hide from. I'm glad that I reread it."
My daughter recently read this book for school. I had seen where the next book was to be released soon. I had watched the movie years ago and liked it. I decided I would read this book to prepare for the next.It is amazing how this book is still so relevant to today's world. I spent much of my youth in the south. People unfortunately have not changed much or enough. Race will probably always be an issue in the United States. Hopefully this book opens the eyes of the next generation.
Fantastic story
"Just as good this time as the first time I read it years ago, even though some of the plot has been used by other writers."
"Bucket list book.  Wow. Amazing writing. Multifaceted, rich, and engaging. Themes are still very relevant in 2015. A true classic. Everyone should read this book at least once."
"I had never read this classic before.  I really enjoyed the book as an adult.  I had seen the movie as a kid.  Got lucky while reading the book the movie came on and I saw it while I was reading the book.  It , the movie, was very good too.  Enjoy!  Now I can read the sequel in July 2015."
Excellent read!  Can't wait for the next one by Harper Lee (50 years later!)
"Life in small town Alabama in Jim Crow times. The discoveries of childhood, both good and chilling. A Wonderful Read!!!"
Good book but since it was used the cover of it looked like somebody had wiped their ass with it!
I have read this book at least a dozen times over the years.  Still my favorite - great life lessons.
A great classic!
One of the best books. ever. I've read it several times and I still love all the characters like the first time.
"Re reading this in anticipation of the release of the only other Harper Lee book.Loved it when I read it 40 years ago, love it still."
"Famous, Pulitzer prize novel.  But, I could not get into it.  Did not finish reading it after about 1/3 into the  book.  In my opinion, there was too much dialogue and the story moved too slowly to keep my interest."
Very realistic view of the past.
Good
Love Scout and Jem. Atticus is a great example for fathers to emulate. Reading this takes me back to my childhood; Miss Lee perfectly expresses the viewpoints of the children. The characters are very true to life.
Wonderful story
A great book - looks at the deep south and the problems associated with the races
"Classic, all time favorite.  Have been hooked since High School American Literature class back in 1983.  Every few years I pull out my ""25th"" Anniversary edition and read it.  Alas eyesight is getting bad so I had to download this copy for the larger font."
True classic loved it all over again haven't read it in years and we then we rented the movie
This is my first time reading this book and thoroughly enjoying it.
I read this wonder novel back in the sixties and it is as great as I remembered.  I had forgotten some of the details but the the true meaning had stayed with me.  Sadly it seems not much has changed since Scout was a child.
Can't wait for go set the watchman
Great book!
Loved  reading again
Best bookever!
Happy
Excellent!
An excellent book but I think the movie was even better.
A classic!
Reread as review before Harper Lee's next manuscript is released.  This is still the classic it was when I read it 50 years ago.
i like itsolder but a proven winner
"The life-changing novel of  youth in a sluggish Southern town and the tectonic struggle  of the heart that shook it, To Kill a Mocking Bird got to be both a moment blockbuster and a discriminating  achievement when it was initially printed in 1960. It went ahead to win the Pulitzer Prize  in 1961 and was later bestowed  the Academy Award as a  -winning film Plethora of plaudits later followed.Sympathetic , emotional  and profoundly moving , To Kill  a Mockingbird  seethes  to the bases of human  conduct -to blamelessness  and experience, generosity and savagery , love and scorn, puerility  and tenderness. Presently with more than 25 million copies sold in  print and translated  in ten languages  , this territorial story by a youthful Alabama  lady claims all inclusive bids. Harper Lee constantly thought of her  book to be a straightforward love story . Today it is viewed as a gem of American Literature. Summing up from cover to cover "" Lawyers , I suppose were children once"" --Charles Lamb to the last sentence "" He would be there all night , and he would be there when Jem waked up in the morning"" says it all . IJAZ DURRANI"
"A beautifully written, wonderful social comment."
"Elements of both a moral fable and a coming of age book, set in 1935 in the American south.  An attorney takes on the defense of a young black man who has been accused of raping a poor,  teen aged white woman.  In the course of the novel, the attorney's two children are forced to grow up as they come to understand that their childish expectations of justice, punishment,  and even the assessments that they have of their friends, neighbors and family begin to evolve and change.  Themes of loneliness, different styles of parenting, socio economic, racial and gender discrimination, courage and the nature of small town life all make for  a thoughtful and very worthwhile read."
A classic. A great read.
total crap
"Yes very readable, sad, looking forward to the next book."
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird in high school, and I've loved the book ever since. I couldn't wait for it to come out on Kindle. The enhanced version has some very nice extras at the end of the book. Well done!"
"this book should be mandatory in every school literature class.  The lessons taught are timeless and as important now as they were then. Read and discussed by parents and children, book clubs and reading groups may provide awareness long forgotten."
"Never read it as a child. glad I waited, so I could appreciate it all the more...absolutely loved it"
Well written.  Enjoyed the book.  It does live up to its reputation of top books to read in your lifetime.
I do hope this is still required reading. Everyone should read this with thief children. Unfortunately it is still pertinent and mankind has changed very little.
"Funny, serious, great characterization - a snapshot in a volatile time."
Excellent story covering timeless issues.
"After all these years, it is still an exceptional tale, full of truth and told in some of the most evocative language ever seen in print."
One of the best books ever.  And the movie!  Not often that a movie does justice to a book but this one certainly does.  The characters will stay with you forever.
The story is as timeless as ever; it takes me back to simpler times that were not always so simple. The morals and lessons learned are still he true today.
"This is on every list of greatest 20th century American novels for a very good reason. It is a beautifully written story of Depression-era Alabama told from the point of view of a young girl whose lawyer father defends a black man wrongly accused of the rape of a white woman but is convicted nevertheless, ""To Kill Mockingbird"" is full of subtexts that should provoke introspection among all who read it.  One of the few novels I've read twice."
Read it in High School.  Great read again!
Has never lost its wonder.
I saw the movie and enjoyed it. Now I've read the book and I'm enjoying it more because the book goes deeper into the story.
still as fresh as the first time I read it!
If you didn't have to read this in school you should do so now.I decided to read it after missing a question on Trivia Crack and truly enjoyed the whole thing.
"I can't pretend to have anything to say about this classic that hasn't already been said, but it does take on a real resonance in a time when racism and all sorts of ""other"" ism appears to be on the rise in our country. I loved the book, and can't wait for Harper Lee's sequel."
Amazing simplicity and yet capturing so many nuances
Awesome book. This should be required reading for all.
This was a reading assignment in high school that got me turned on to reading.  This book began my love affair with reading and watching the movies that went with it.
"Really enjoyed it.. . it is frustrating that in many ways, it seems prejudices against blacks really hasn't improved all that much. This book really reminded me of the issues still forefront in the battle for equality."
Somehow never got around to reading this book. Heard about Harper Lees new novel coming out in July and wanted to read this first!  So glad I did!  I loved it and can't wait to read the next one!
Great literature for all audiences.
"I really enjoyed this book, having finally gotten around to reading it.On my bookshelf, it will go beside Tom Sawyer.  Scout really brings us back to childhood, and all its magic, and danger.  It is really well written, in that way.The point of view, particularly, is perfect.  The beauty of showing us the story through Scout, is that all of Atticus' moralizing is seen through the glow of childhood, when things are still absolute.  We know Atticus is a good man, but through Scout's eyes, we really get to examine him from a fantastic angle.Give this one a read."
A classic novel everyone should read. I wish Lee was more prolific.
This is one of the greatest books that I have ever read.
"Classic, wonderful book."
Sad to have the story end
It's a classic! Great story about standing up for good in the face of adversity!
Great classic. Hope the recently published book is as good
"After watching the movie repeatedly over the last 40 years, reading the book was very enjoyable! Couldn't put it down, understandably so more much detail than the movie! Must read for fans of the movie."
This  is a classic.
A true classic.  Loved everything about the book.  Can't wait to read the new found book by Harper Lee.
"We're looking at another time in American history. The 30s were difficult for most, but more so for the many poor Blacks in the south. Lee's language is offensive if you're not familiar with the times. The condescending ways of the whites is eye popping. Yet, not surprising. The story is told through the eyes of a child and the world as she sees it. Take the time to read it."
"I loved this book. A classic to be sure. Bought the movie I had not watched in MANY years. It was amazing how much was left out of the movie, which is typical."
My wife's fav. Book can't wait for the prequel
Excellent book
"Still my favorite, 30 years after I read it for the first time."
"This is my favorite book of all time.  It has something to offer for everyone.  It takes the reader back to their childhood.  The characters were extremely interesting.  Jem and Scout and Dill were fantastic.  I put this book on my Kindle so I could take it everywhere with me.  I thought the movie with Gregory Peck, based on this book, was the best movie ever made.  It followed the book so closely.  The actors were exactly what we expected.  I was delighted to read that they had discovered another book written by Harper Lee.  I will certainly buy that one.  That was my major disappointment, that she had only written one book.  However, when a book is as perfect as To Kill a Mockingbird, maybe to expect another one as good, is asking a lot.  I would recommend this book to anyone and especially to have available because you will want to read it one a year for the rest of your life."
"A classic, one of the best"
"How could I add to the accolades already given to this book and its author? I purchased and read it again because an article recently appeared in the news that a ""prequel"" to this book was written first by Ms. Lee, was recently ""rediscovered"", and would be published soon. Like anyone else who has read this, I look eagerly forward to reading the new book."
"Harper Lee's Pulitzer Prize winning masterpiece is everything a great book should be.  It is written clearly, grips you right from the start, filled with rich characters and wonderfully simple language.  It's messages are still relevant to today's times and the story itself makes it difficult to put down.  The best book ever written in my opinion.  The only book written by Harper Lee until 2015."
A must read for everyone. A time long past that was descriptive of a typical Southern town
so enjoyable  fun children  great father child relations  great lessons of life in the small town u.s.a.!
Still great!
"The classic novel that has always been a favorite of mine.  While it nicely addresses the issues of racial injustice in this country, it works best as a tale of innocence lost.  Jem, Scout, Boo Radley and of course Atticus Finch are all written beautifully. Hopefully, the story will be passed on to the next generation."
Forgot how much I enjoyed this book when I first read it. It was very well written. Loved it!
Classic
My favorite book of all time! I wanted a copy for my iPad so I could always take it with me :)
wonderful!
A master piece as everyone has already said it
Good reading
Very Good read
Better than I remember it from high school!
"I agreed to read this book as part of a project for my younger brother.  I had heard mixed reviews about the book and decided to read it for myself.  The book covered many controversial topics including women's rights and racism which are important,  but it was hard for me to relate to the book.  I did like the way Harper Lee could make you feel like you were with Scout and Jem in the story, but her use of ""Southern dialect"" was confusing at times.  I am from the South and I had never heard of some of the words that were used in the book.  I also felt that some of the minor characters were unfinished because they raised more questions in my reading.  While reading I would find myself questioning why or how certain people related to the book's story.  The book was very slow at times and I found myself not wanting to finish the book.  I will say that the book did improve during the trial, but at that point I had lost interest, and I was just trying to finish the book.  I know that this book is considered a classic and I did want to like it, but I am sorry to say that I did not care for the book."
Makes you feel guilty to be white
5 Stars!
One of those books you never want to end.
Very touching and educative.
"I enjoyed this. it was entertaining. It was not one of my required readings in school, but I wish it had been."
One of the all time best. I've read it multiple times and enjoyed each reading. I'm in my 80s and can identify with many of the events. Another thing is I can read it next year and it will be just as good!
great book
"Harper Lee was great when TKAM was first published and the story and the writing clearly hold up over time. It's a book I will read again and again. Better than the movie, although the movie captured the story well."
Old style of writing but I understand all the words and American euphemisms used in the story. Todays X and Y generations would have difficulty in understanding the story. I have yet to finish the book but have enjoyed it so far.
Great book
"A classic that I had never read.  It's a bit dated, from another time, taking you into another world, the language and pacing are very old fashioned.  But there's a reason it's a classic, it's bursting with imagery and emotion.  A deep look into issues from the past of race, gender, justice and youth."
"This is one book that needs to be read with intention and not speed read for you will miss a lot.  I read this when I was young, middle age and now in my retirement years I will read it again.  When you have ""top-notch"" actors you have a ""top-notch"" movie!  The figures in the book are based on real people, some who are famous now!  Buy the book -- read it -- and then lend it -- for you will want to keep this in your personal library."
Timeless.  Great characters and beautifully penned.
This is an outstanding book!!!
sux
Excellent book.
This is a true classic.  A book club friend couldn't put it down.  It is a beautiful story of what is best and worst about us.  You will never forget this book.
"This is a must read. Fiction or not, if more people would have the patience, honesty, and character of Atticus Finch, the world would be a better place."
Enjoyable read.
"The best book I have read in many years, wonderful command of language, beautifully written.  Am looking forward to the sequel."
Thoroughly enjoyed re-reading this classic again.
Extremely satisfied.
An American Classic--still a great read.
"I read this book as a young teen and loved it then.  I recently re-read it as a grandmother and loved it more.  It's set in the rural South when the socially accepted mode of behavior for Black people was that they had to behave as though their place was on the fringe of society, where a segment of the White population thought of people of color as having value less than Whites.  The main family in this book had a different set of values and Atticus Finch, a single father, was bringing up his young children to respect all people.  Scout, the narrator is eight and beyond her years in maturity.  She has many lessons to teach us even in our highly ""evolved"" society of the 21st Century.  It is very much a book that should be read by young & old alike and discussed within the family today.  If parents could look to Atticus as a role model, our children would have more self esteem, know their beliefs and stand up for them as well as treat others of any age with dignity.  The world could be such a different place.I look forward to reading the next book in which Scout and her brother Jem are adults."
It was very enjoyable
There's a lesson here.
Masterful classic
It was great to reread this classic that I read as a teenager. Different perspective to reading the book as an adult.
"Never read the book years ago and decided it was time!  I absolutely LOVED it and so glad I went back and read it!  Loved the interaction between the children and the care that her father, a lawyer, had for his clients.  Pick it up and read! if you have not!!"
"As long as started reading this book, I didn't want to put it down."
This is a great book. It really pulls you in and shows you that you can't really know someone unless you have walked in their footsteps.
Great Book!
Harper Lee is a genius!
fantastic read. looking fireward to Harper Lees upcoming release.
"This will be the 5th or 6th time I've read this iconic novel since I was in high school in 1961. It gets better every time !  The 2nd time I read it was aboard ship in the Marine Corps in 1965. I can remember where I was, and what I was doing each time I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  It's interesting how my own perspective on this book has changed over the years, but it's still relevant even in 2015. The reason it popped up on my radar again, was the recent media attention on Harper Lee.  ""Go Set a Watchman"" is set for release in July. The mysterious lost manuscript suddenly turns up (found by her lawyer) , and is allegedly the original book submitted by the author which was rejected by the publisher. The new book takes place in a later time frame, but has the same characters and places. That sounds a little sketchy. Lee (a very private person who doesn't do interviews), gave the O K for the new book through her lawyer.  Years ago, Lee was asked why she never wrote another book.  She replied ""I already said what I wanted to say"".  That's pretty cool.!  Apparently a public agency near where Lee now lives, did an investigation to determine if she was being taken advantage of, relative to the new book deal.  It was decided by them, that she understood what was going on and wasn't being flim-flamed.  I've pre ordered the new book on Amazon Kindle, and am looking forward to reading it.  I hope it's legitimate.."
Powerful.
A TRUE CLASSIC. This book in addition to telling a fascinating story has a strong message.  Should be required reading!!!  Can hardly wait for the prequel to publish.
Timeless. Truly one of the classics everyone should rad at least once.
"A bit dated, but the themes are still appropriate for today, just with slightly different details. The emotions are still sharply evoked and as present as they were 50 years ago."
Great read
Loved the book and wants any following this one.
great classic....
Very good
Re-read this for the first time in many years.  Still a wonderful book.  enjoyed it even more the second time.
Great book!!!
Still trying to figure out why it was a best seller.  Won't finish reading it.
"Love this book!  It's told from a child's point of view, straight forward and spell weaving.  One of my all time favorites."
A classic
Best  book ever written.
A classic. I had forgotten how good the book is!
"A true classic.  clever, enthralling, magnificent work."
Classic.  Very good book.
"I know that this book was a must read in schoolI should have read it then, but didn'tI was to busy learning to speak English.I'm glad I finally done it."
A classic. So glad I re-read this ahead of the new sequel due out this summer. Can't wait
"My all time favorite book (and movie). Both put you right in that time in history, the culture, and the place (deep South). Beautifully written and magnificent charters... especially the kids"
"Without a doubt, one of the best books ever written.  I cannot say enough about it.  I first read it in 6th grade in 1969 so even though the issues raised were set in the 1930's, they were still very relevant and are still relevant today.  Read this book!  Side note:  The film adaptation is also the best I've ever seen.  Usually the film seems to leave out everything I think is important but this one is perfect."
"Honestly, one of the very test books of all time.  I have read it multiple times and have listened to the audiobook (although, I did not care for Sissy Spacek's narration)."
I read this years ago and loved it. This time it was even better. I'm dying to see the movie version. I'd definitely recommend it to readers teens through seniors.
This is an excellent book  everyone should read it
"Though not truely raised in the rural south, I hear the echos of my Grandparents wisdom on every page. The life described with all its innocent joys and freedoms then growing into young adulthood is as gripping today as it was so many years ago."
Enjoyed having so many downloaded and could just continue. Read during down time at the baseball game!
One of the best books
I'm not finished reading the book but i'm sure i'll love it
"saw the Movie many years ago but had never read the book, Thought I should read it before I get Harper Lee's latest book"
"“To Kill A Mockingbird” is truly America’s novel, and now my favorite novel. “To Kill a Mockingbird” is about racism, family, love, teaching students all around the country about understanding people, and an idea of the importance of relationships. This book makes you feel like you understand Scout, the narrator, and you feel as if you are living with her and see things from her point of view. It also allows you to see not only how Scout sees the world, but how all children see it. One of the themes in the book is that growing up is losing your innocence; meaning finding out that the world is not good and pure, as many children think it is. Because of reading this book, I can also now take advice from Atticus Finch, the father of the children in the novel. Even as a fictional character, he gives unforgettable advice that all people should follow. From reading this book, I also learned about the ways of society. I learned that no matter what happens, we will always have unfairness and inequality among each other. Although I’ve learned so many other things from this book, the most important thing it taught me is that you have to follow your own moral code, regardless of what others believe.  There are many examples of this, including when Atticus defends Tom Robinson. Personally, there is no doubt in my mind that this is the greatest novel of all time."
Classic story
"Excellent work. Obvious why this novel won awards and was proclaimed a ""classic"" and a ""must read"" for American L:iterature classes ever after. Everyone ought to read this book, not just see the movie (which is also a great work in its own right, but limited because of time and the medium-- the book describes events and motivations the film could not). Some of the most valuable insights a reader gains are the complexity and Diversity of Southerners' views about race and human rights decades before the 1960's Civil Rights Movement. The author certainly shows that Southerners aren't all ignorant, illiterate White-Supremacists or living in a fantasy world of Antebellum honor, as sometimes depicted in popular media."
A true coming of age story with timeless characters and meaning!
Good read
"A classic!  Beautifully written, lyrical yet truly compelling and inspirational.  A story for the ages."
As good as it gets.  Enjoyed this read again.
Wonderful read!!!!
Was required reading when I was in high school.  Sure hope our teachers today are following tradition.  The writing just draws you through the book.  Enjoyed it even more upon reading it again and seeing the world through Scout's eyes.
"This book should have no less than ten stars. But for those too young to remember, it's a must read."
Always a great read!
"A classic, must read. Got this to prepare for the upcoming release of the sequel. Great price!"
To Kill A Mockingbird deserves the Pulitzer prize totally. This book is so good!!!!!!!!!!This is my favorite book ever! I have read it many times and I can guarantee that you will adore it.
Really enjoyable read. Beautifully captures a child's perspective of 'adult' matters along with  the essence of sibling relationships.
"From beginning to end, this book is full of meaning, splendid language and little episodes that leave you thinking about life and it's up and downs and how to stay true to yourself even if it's not the easiest thing to do. But most if all it teaches you not to easily judge other people without even really getting to know them."
Classic.  Given to friend for his birthday.
A book I've known about most of my life but never really had any interest in reading until recently when my girlfriend started raving about how it was her all time favorite book--so I purchased the Kindle edition & was not disappointed! Can't recommend it enough & now know why it's so famous & is still on a lot of all time best lists. It's definitely on mine now!
I am so glad that I finally read this American Classic. The character of Atticus Finch defines what it means to have courage.
"One of my all time favorite books! I bought this one for my sister. She had not read it.  I re-read my as she read hers.  We shared many conversations about the book.  Also, many laughs.  A book that everyone should read at least once"
Had read TKAM years ago but wanted to refresh my memory due to her new novel coming out this summer. I loved it  (again )!
"I love this book. Just love it. Can't say more than that because what can you say about this classic that hasn't already been said? Maybe Truman Capote wrote it - I have my suspicions. But I don't care. I have the hardback, a paperback and I also got it for my Kindle (finally!).If you haven't read this book, you have missed out. Make up for your mistake now!"
"Watched the movie but there is so much more information and story line in the book.  Wonderful insight into the time period in which the book is  set.  A truly thought provoking story and stands the test of time of when the book was written and the time period.  Even if you have seen the movie and think you know everything about Boo Radley, read the book and enjoy everything again."
"Given to my 17 year old granddaughter, who is really enjoying it!"
"Particularly liked the dialogue and presentation of a small southern town. Now, I have to rent the movie."
"This is a book that should be read several times throughout a lifetime.  Wonderfully written, full of life lessons (without being ""preachy""), with wonderfully developed characters."
One of my all time favorites..
Loved the book.  Growing up in the South and born in the 50's brings back so many memories of small town life. I never viewed myself as a racist and this book reminds me so of the times and places and people I love.
Loved it! Truly deserved a  Pulitzer Prize.
"As a high school student,I read a new best-selling novel.  In my retirement as a school librarian, I read it again as all readers should.  On a much changed level, I devoured this classic."
"This book excellent on so many levels I can't list 'em all here! The history, culture, family dynamics, neighborhood relationships, politics, the justice system, kids and their ideas are all commingled in such a way that I gripped from the start! I didn't want it to end!"
"I bought this because I had long ago lost my school copy.  Everyone should read this, and the sequel."
as promised
This was a very good book.
"This was my first time reading To Kill a Mockingbird. It is truly an amazing book. Beautifully well written. You felt as though you were there with the characters, and inside of the story....like you could walk across the street to visit. I cannot wait to read the sequel."
A classic. One of the great books about the South in the U.S. in the first half of the 20th century.
The low scoring on reviews is because a number of people bought this collection of essays thinking it was the actual novel and subsequently rated the collection low for that ordering mistake. The people who ordered it on purpose gave high and often detailed reviews.
It has been nearly 45 years since I last read this book and enjoyed it even more now.There is a reason that this book is considered an American Classic. Not only does it deal with the issues of the day (and today) but it touches your soul
Awesome!  Great re-read!!!
Very good!
Well done. I cannot wait until the new one comes in
"Great read, one of the best."
Great classic.  A wonderful story and study on man kind
One of my favorite of all time
There's not much to add to all that's been written about this marvelous book. It is incredibly relevant for 2015 in surprising ways. Worthwhile to read at any age.
"I found it very good.  I thought I had read it years ago but I guess I hadn't.  I also thought I had seen the movie and now I know I had not seen it either.  Both were new to me.  I can hardly wait for the next one, which as I understand it, is really her first one.What is sad to me is that Jim Crow was alive and well even among the young innocents.  It reminds of the song from the play South Pacific, ""They Teach You To Hate Awfully Good""."
My daughter had it for school
I saw the movie and I think it may have been in First person
Very good book.
Excellelnt!
"If you haven't read this book, I envy you. I have read it 3 ( yup, 3) Times.Each time I read  it I marvel at the beauty of a mind that can write and place words so amazingly. I know I'll read it again. Thank you, thank you Harper Lee. I am anxiously waiting for the new book I pre-ordered.Lois A."
"Great classic, great condition when received."
"A classic read with timeless messages about caring and treating people, all people, with dignity and respect."
"I read this book to my 13 year old who loved it.  He was doing a slavery unit in ELA and a Depression era unit in Social Studies, and it was perfect.  I needed to explain some of the vocabulary-- Scout has an extensive vocabulary, some of it dated.  I had forgotten most of the book, apart from the trial and Boo, but Lee builds a full picture of this town and its inhabitants before and during the high points.  My son especially like some of the beginning descriptions of Scout going to school for the first time; the teacher tells Scout to tell her father to stop letting Scout read and write at home, which humored us both.  The book was a joy to read again and see my child enjoy it."
I have not read this story since high school(a few decades have passed since then)and can say I enjoyed it as much as I did when I was younger.
Loved it 50 yrs ago & love it again.  Reread it to prepare for Harper Lee's next book.
"A classic that everyone should read. Entertaining. Harper Lee creates a very vivid description of a small town in the south. While the story is great, I truly fell in love with the character Scout. To me she is a memorable as Huck Finn or Tom Sawyer."
Excellent writing
"I started reading this book for school… obviously. But it is so well written and the stories told by Lee are so great, that this book became one of my favorites.A cliché homework transformed into a pleasant reading."
"I had never read the book or saw the movie.  When I heard the author had written another book, I decided I would read it.  It was a very odd book and I didn'r care much for it."
"I really loved this book. Even though the book is half over before the real action starts, I never felt like the story dragged. I read Natchez Burning recently, and now I see where the inspiration for that story came from. This one made me laugh and cry, and now I'll be hunting for more amazing classic novels."
"Did not understand much less appreciate this classic when we were required to read it in jr./high school. As with many assignments back then, teachers did not impart the significance or deeper meaning behind things they taught.  They tended to blandly hand out a reading assignment then were completely satisfied if you could simply regurgitate details back to them in the form of a quiz of some sort. Now reading this book 50 or so years after being it being given as an assignment the depth of the events, characters, themes and message are astoundingly profound. True life events that have happened over the last 50 years in America (both personal and national experiences) of course add to the richness of the narrative. In fact given some of these events it is possible that this book couldn't have even been written today.  So Harper Lee's ""new"" book will be very intriguing indeed. Anyway, everyone who thought this was a rather dull book when they were fifteen should definitely re-read it now with a new sense of awe and amazement."
A true classic that I think every one has read in high school at one time or another. Who doesn't know Scout?
Product as described.
My absolute favorite book. A classic that everyone should read.
I choose this rating because the book is very interesting. Mr finch a lawyer is a noble man trying to raise his kids the best way he knows how. What I did like most despite a lack man got charged with rape he describing with everything he new although he knew what the outcome would've been. Despite what people said about him it didn't matter and he let his kids know that and he wanted his kids to keep their cool at all times. Mr Arthur whom they never saw was at their aid when they needed and adult that blessed night love the book read it Now.
"A wonderful classic, everyone should read this!"
"My first read of this was long ago but when news of a second book arose I decided to re-read it. It is amazing how time, age and experience made it more meaningful to me the second time around."
Excellent book.  Read it as a young adult and just read it again.  Thoroughly enjoyed it! A must read for all
I had never read this book before and don't really know why. I absolutely loved it! I recommend it for others who haven't read it.
"This is one of those novels I was supposed to read as a youth, but never got around to it. In this case, the consensus is right. Mockingbird Courageously looks at the Jim Crow South and the damage it did to white and black citizens alike. Told from the viewpoint of a precocious girl who has a strong sense of right and wrong, it is reminiscent of Hucklebery Finn in that Lee like Twain uses the innocence of a child to skewer an adult society built on racism and classism, and the adults who sustain it. The characters are alive and real, and the story is exciting even though I have seen the movie and knew what was coming. Now that I have read it once, I imagine Mockingbird will reward my rereading."
Great classic book
Great book.
"Reading this again for the sixteenth time probably, I was struck with the truth that Boo Radley is autistic and it added a layer I hadn't considered before. I can't express how much I love this book."
What can one say...never read this as a child or teen...nut by age 58 decided the time was right. Everyone should read this mist wonderful book.
"I always said I would go back and read some of the classics, so I downloaded this.  Even though times are different, I was pleased with the way Ms Lee folded you into the world of Jem and Scout.  She made the journey with her characters so real and entertaining."
Very pleased with this.
A must read for all.
"I had heard about this book/story most of my life but never read it. It is a good story but not written in the easiest way to read. However, I would recommend it to others as the message of the book is a good one."
"This is truly one of the finest novels ever written, and in my personal top ten list.  Not only is Lee's writing filled with beautiful sentences (though often stunningly economical...) the book deals with many critically important issues, even for today's reader.  She examines many social issues -- race and economic inequality, sexual inequality, mental illness, child abuse, and the inequity sometimes found in our judicial system.  Because the narrator is a young girl, there is still plenty of room for innocence and gentleness and humor.  The novel is rich with characters with whom to fall in love, and yet none are cardboard.  Characters are well developed, and many of them grow as a result of the events of the story (and therefore, hopefully, so do we.)  Relationships between the characters are also masterfully portrayed, especially between father and son, and father and daughter.  Lee was so far ahead of her time, it is eerie.  She even includes the theme that it takes a village to raise a child (well), long before that catchphrase was coined.  This should be required reading in every school district in America.  I will certainly read it again and again."
It has been a long time since I have read this book and I am excited to reread it and introduce it to my daughter.  To Kill a Mockingbird was one of my favorite books when I was a teenager.
It's a classic.  What more can I say?  I'll be interested in reading her new book when it is released in July.
classic!!!
"What a gifted author!  She describes the characters sublimely and even though the story was written long ago, it is applicable today"
As expected
"Loved reading this classic!! Highly recommend to anyone, any age. My 15 year old daughter says this is her favorite book! It's now one of mine!"
An easy and enjoyable read.
It made me feel what it was like to live in small town South in those years. Made me appreciate that  some men stood up for what was right even though it wasn't popular.
Excellent book. The author does an wonderful job narrating the story through the eyes of eight year old Scout. Atticus Finch's moral compass is definitely pointed in the right direction. I can understand why it won a Pulitzer Prize. Very well written.
Have read better books.
One of the great novels in American literature!  Lee captured the heavenly voice of Scout.  How sweet it is.  This great novel is a must read for all who live in the land of the free.
"LOVED IT!! Surprisingly, never read this as a student, but thoroughly enjoyed it as an adult! Took me back to a simpler time."
Absolutely one of my favorite books!  I was torn between reading it all in one sitting and pacing myself so i could savor it.  Well deserved Pulitzer.  I will read it again one day.
It's ok
"It is a perfect book in every way.  The writing is excellent, the story interesting and arresting, the characters clearly defined.  One of the best books I have ever read  (for the 3rd time.)"
Just as good today as back in the 60's!
Great Item
Enjoyed the story very much.  I would recommend it.
Realistically portrays the segregation element in the South in that period.
Good book
I love this book!!!  Love the movie also!!! Can't wait for Harper Lee's new book to come out!!!
None of the allowed words for mood capture the mix of childhood lightheartedness meeting Jim Crow segregation.
What's to say about this outstanding classic?  Everyone should re-read it every few years.
A timeless classic.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this.  Being a Southerner I loved the language in the book.
"Having never been assigned this book in school, I left it on my ""someday"" shelf.  Now that I've read it, I only want to do it over again.  Rich characters, profound wit, and an easy flowing story have made this my new favorite."
This was a great book.  This is a classic and it is definitely worth the read!
Great writing. simple but it consist alot. ''Atticus'' a character from which everyone can learn something. Loved it. Read it.
A great read.  I read this book as many did as a child and now rereading I love the story so much more.  An insight into the Deep South and the trials of mankind.
This is a great book. I can't believe I waited until I was 75 before I read it. I would recommend it to everyone.I read it as an ebook but I will probable buy it also. In paperback just to have it to read again someday.
"Untouchable brilliance. If you read one novel in your life, make it this one."
I enjoyed reading this with my daughter. I can't wait to read her next book in the series when it comes out in summer.
"This book is a classic, the story is a timeless one of how we should all treat and respect each other.  This should be mandatory reading in all schools."
"Read before, when I was a child, and read again now that I am much older,  and it is as entertaining and educational as it was then.  There are probably only a handful of novels ever written that would be as memorable as To Kill a Mockingbird."
It's a very worthwhile book to read. Highly recommend!
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF ALL TIME - A MUST READ.
It is Amazing
I read this years ago and it was so comforting to read it again.  The gentleness of the Alias should be a lesson to all men on how to raise caring children.
Great!
Brilliantly written classic.
"I have always felt that I have read this book over and over again, because I have seen the movie enough times to have most of it memorized. But I finally realized that I hadn't read it, and what a treat it was to read! I think that Atticus Finch is one of the best characters in all of literature. And Harper Lee's storytelling through the voice of Scout is magical. Too wonderful to express. This story teaches so many lessons in such a gentle and yet powerful way."
This is one of  the best books of the 20th century at least.
I read this for school and don't regret it because I think Scout is awesome and is really cool and this book in general is amazing. Everybody should read this book I loved it. No wonder it's a classic!
"a wonderful story about a family, a neighborhood and a town all growing up."
"What a classic read!  I don't recall reading this novel in school, but I think it is so well written and speaks to the conditions in the south in the time it is set in. I loved the innocent perspective of Scout as she describes everything that is happening around her neighborhood and town."
Great classic!
I must read over ans over again! Each time (my third) it gets better and more enjoyable!
I haven't finished it yet.
Loved this book.  Couldn't put it down!!!
"delightful, like the old days, good read"
A beautifully written book that has meaning so many years later.
No comment
"Still enjoying this timeless literary masterpiece. Now looking forward to Go Set a Watchman. Due out in July, 2015."
"You know, I have resisted reading this book for a long time. I thought that it would be another one of those literary fiction snoozers. After reading the the first chapter I was even more worried. It can be kind of hard to read books that are written with regional slang on every page. But once I got rolling with the story I could not put it down.This story kicked my ass in a good way. It made me think. It made me feel. I didn't want it to end. Is there any higher praise for a book? I don't think so.I've gone from skeptic to some sort of obnoxious cheerleader. I agree with so many others. This book is a must read. It's a must read for Americans to help get our race relations and biases in perspective. It's a must read for anyone with weird neighbors on their block. It's a must read for anyone who's human and wants to understand what that means just a little bit more."
"Favorite book.  Made me want to be a writer, never did - but hey, it did help me love literature."
Did not read it in high school like I was supposed to do but for fifty years I missed out on a great read.
"Frankly, I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" to prepare myself for the release of ""Go Set a Watchmen"" also by Harper Lee.  I was astounded by what I discovered in the book.  It's a delightful book by an American novelist, no less.  Most remarkable to me was her oh so accurate portrayal of complex social issues as a child may have viewed them.  The innocence and innate wisdom of a child were the necessary elements of redemption, you might say.Striking, too, is the universal appeal of the book's thematic portrayal of innocence, goodness, and wisdom to so many other nationalities as evidenced by the world wide appeal of the book. Recognition, perhaps, beyond nationalism of the universality of mankind that is the true nature of us all.I look forward to Harper's next book enthusiastically."
"We need more parents in this world who teach their children respect and acceptance for all!  This classic is a reminder that we still have a long way to go before we can truly claim that ""All men are created equal."""
Wonderful book and great writing!
"In schools they don't want children to read the book because of certain words, but that is the way the world was then. At the end it points out who the real bad people were. I am a white woman and I could not understand how any person could be that evil to do to another being."
"I started reading, I continue reading and I go back again reading..."
One of my favorite books of all time!
Enjoyed reading about a man who stood by his convictions and passed them onto his children by example.
"A great read.  A lot more detail than the movie, but whenever Atticus speaks, I still hear Gregory Peck's voice."
Always a favorite.  Cannot wait to read Harper Lee's new release this summer.  To Kill a Mockingbird was the first book that I read as a child from cover to cover and could not put it down.  Then the movie was just as inspiring as the book.  Will always be a fan and it will be forever a classic for generation after generation.
"Got to pay attention when watching this movie.  It's a classic, well done and well performed.  Doesn't get much better than this.  Well worth the watch."
"Didn't read this in high school or college, and, amazingly, I've never seen the movie. Decided to read it after hearing recently that a second Harper Lee novel is being released this year. Shouldn't have waited so long. Without a doubt, this is one of the best books I have ever read."
"I just got done listening to ""To Kill A Mockingbird "" so that I would be refreshed when Harper Lee's new novel comes out in July ""Go Set a Watchman"". This was certainly a novel ahead of its time.  I was a demonstrator in the day so I was well aware of the state of equality or lack there of...I wanted to be refreshed and on point when I read it...."
I was always curious about reading this book as I didn't have to read it in school and I really liked it.
We analyzed this in class and it made me cry. We all are hypocrites. We all are evil. We are not different from Germany. This was an amazing novel. :)
"A  true classic, holding your attention to the end."
I never read this book growing up. It was quite a treat reading from a 9 year old's point of view.  Loved the story and the way it was written.  Now I need to watch the movie with Gregory Peck.
"I know why this is a classic!  Can't believe it took me so long to finally read this book.  Great characters, descriptive writing, interesting topic and just a great story."
Excellent book I read it twice
Classic novel on the race relations of the South in the mid-1930's.
I know I'm not alone. One of the best books I've ever read.
Grey read
"Words fail. It took me twenty something years to read this book, and only after Harper Lee published her second book. All I can say to myself is, what took me so long. But I comfort myself with the knowledge that we read books at just the right time and not before."
Very nice book
"Of course you knew this, but this is a wonderful story wonderfully told. If you haven't read it yet, read it right now!"
A staple for every American reader..a must read
Wow I was surprised that I liked it as much as did! It was definitely different than anything else I've ever read was really good.By Lainey
Was hard to get started. Once you get into a couple chapters it's more understanding . The easier it was to put yourself into the story.
Loved it
Classically wonderful!
"Read this years ago, and felt a re-read was due before Harper Lee's follow-up book came out.  I enjoyed it in a whole new way this time around.  And it is a book that can be read again and again over time.  A true classic.  Some of the language, although true to its time and place, was a bit difficult in this day...but it is historical."
"There is nothing I can add to all the praise and criticism heaped on TKAM. But I *can* add that, as late as the 1950s and early 1960s when I grew up ... children entertained themselves hour after hour, day after day, in those lazy summer months after the last day of school. With certain variations imposed by location, my childhood mirrored that of Jem, Scout and Dill. After our chores there was no Internet, toys were few and crude, television was 10"" screens showing black and white shows of no interest to kids. The radio played boring grown-up music, news and crop reports. What did we do? On bicycles or by foot, we wandered our neighborhoods and the adjoining woods and fields. I often went to the library. My buddies and I threw rocks, waded in creeks, played marbles, baseball, hide-and-seek, capture the flag, cowboys-and-Indians and a frequent favorite ... war. The bad guys were the Japs and Germans. The good guys were Americans. We were nearly always out of sight of adults. Littler kids were given geographical boundaries that limited their movement. Bigger kids, especially boys, wandered widely ... to the park, the city swimming pool, the railroad yard. Girls had less freedom to roam and we pitied them. We went home when we got hungry, or it got dark, or we heard Dad whistle. We filled our pockets with treasures ... a rock shaped like a bear, a piece of copper cable, a battered screwdriver found in a ditch. Some old coots wouldn't let you in their yard, even to recover a lost baseball. Some houses and people, we knew to avoid. We made up stories to fill in the blanks of our knowledge of the world. Harper Lee managed to recreate the best parts of my childhood in her book and for that I'm grateful."
"This is a great book, with memorable characters and excellent storytelling, this book is a great buy. The layered plot holds ones interest in a way in which many books fail to do so. Great for homeschoolers"
Great book. Glad to have revisited it.
THE BEST THE BEST
Classic!  Scout is wise beyond her years.
wonderful
Going back to this book years after high school made me appreciate it all the more. Harper Lee does a great job of creating a small Southern town through the eyes of a young girl. The book is not without it's flaws but after years of being scrutinized and theorized about I think it best to say that everyone should revisit the classic they read in high school. You just don't know how to appreciate them until you are older.
Great book!
left out some minor details in book.
"Enjoyable for someone who nearly lived back then, early 1930's."
"I fell in love w/the characters, the town, and the writing. A national treasure."
A true classic!
"Probably the best book I've ever read. Live, endearing characters, and a wonderful story told with warmth and humour."
One of the best books ever written
Same great book I read as a high school student. I read it again in preparation for Harper Lee's soon to be released second book. It was just as good as the first time I read it year ago and cannot wait for her new book.
"This book is a classic for a reason.  It is a beautiful read.  I read it in high school, but reading it now gave me a whole new experience.  Highly recommended."
The book was a very old and used paperback.  NOT what I expected
"I don't care if Nell ever wrote another word, this novel is a gem. Warm, sensitive and carefully composed, we learn along with Scout that it takes all of us to make us what we are. The novel is perfect for high school literature classes but it is still a joy to watch the tumblers click into place as the story spins on its axis: it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."
"This American classic is required reading in many schools both High Schools and post secondary schools in the United States for good reason.Stories set in the deep South in the mid-30's are filled with conversations, events, relationships and traditions that most of today's Americans would have trouble understanding.  Bottom line is to all....if you have not read To Kill a Mockingbird, make it a priority.  If you have seen the movie or know the story, that will not count and you will miss the rich language written by Harper Lee.  Do yourself a favor soon and enjoy this wonderful novel."
Told a story of an unimaginable by-gone era. Racial strife that many today cannot believe. Also told of children growing up in a different age of safety and innocence.  Surprising hero for the children and a guardian angel to boot.
"This novel explores the subjects of racism and social class through the experiences of a young child named Scout as she grows up in 1930's Maycomb, an old Alabama town. The author tells this captivating story in such a way that you feel as though you're on the front porch of the Finch household listening as Jean Louise recalls her childhood and the significant events that led to her older brother Jem getting a broken arm."
"My favorite novel of all time.. Am eagerly looking forward to her recently re-discovered, ""Go Set a Watchman."""
"Great book.  I read it as a teenager, loved it, saw the movie, and now decided to read it again."
"How it took me until I was 28 to read this book I'll never know, but Harper Lee wrote an absolute classic story that I'll never forget and reread time after time.Scout is an incredible character, and I truly enjoyed how she was written and her tone of voice; slightly older than she was portrayed but I think that's how Scout felt she was in this story, wise beyond her years.The other characters, Atticus, Jem, Calpurnia, Boo, etc. were well-written, and very well thought-out. There's not much more I can say about how great this story is, I simply loved it."
"This novel deserves its reputation as a classic. It is an extraordinary representation of a child's point of view, with keen insight into the mindset of the people of that region without -- as far as i can see -- stereotyping or facile judging. I wish I had made the acquaintance of Atticus Finch much earlier in life."
A true classic!
Very good reread. Getting ready for her new book.
One of the greatest American  novels ever written.
Obvious classic which could never be published today in our politically correct society
Good old southern style. Shows how far we've come.
Loved it in school & loving it now.
Obviously a great book. Can't say anything that hasn't been said.
"I've seen the movie and now I'm happy to say I've read the book. As a kid I grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas... and I vividly remember the racial issues of the 1950's. Our roots can destroy us or make us stronger if we truly want equality for all of mankind. It's our only choice if we want to survive."
"Insightful, inspirational & helpful."
"It is history, it's moving, it's witty, clever, it is special. If you haven't read it - read it. It's even well worth a re-read. It's a classic."
What's to say?  It's a classic and deservedly so.
Great read
"Superb book.  I had forgotten how well the book was written.  Compelling story, even now."
One of my fave books! A classic read about a troubled time that isn't as far in the past as it should be.
Loved it even more these second time reading it.
"Well-written and engaging. I know many complain about the tone, that a six-year-old character couldn't have such trenchant insights. Those people simply want to find fault...a common problem in today's society, especially where books and criticism thereof are involved. This book truly is a classic and is as good today as it was when I first read it in junior high thirty years ago."
This book was good but it wasn't a can't put it down kind of book. I am glad I read it though.
I had to read this book for school and thought it would be just another boring old book but really it was one of the best books i have ever read a must read!!!
This story is like a small piece of US history and just the beginnings of the reason for the civil rights movement. It had shining and sad moments. A work of art as told through a child's eyes.
Read it for the seventh time today. Can't wait to read it for the eighth time. Thank you Harper Lee.
This classic should be read by everyone
"Whether or not you read it as a kid, READ it!!"
No need to add to prior critics except to say I truly enjoyed the book after having reread it after many years.
Outstanding !
"Very Good.  I read it in High School, and I have a Grandson who is a lawyer now, and I thought I would read it again at 72.  Good read at 17 and at 72."
It was even better the second time around from when I read it so many years ago.
This classic book and its wonderful characters and enduring messages will make you want to read it over and over again.
"I have read this book at least three times in my life, now my grand daughter is reading it. Great book...it is still relatable"
"Great seller, favorite book ever, highly reccomend-"
Excellent
Something about the narrative is tantalising. But you got to bear the slow moving nature of the novel. All in all it is a must read.
Probably the best book I've ever read. It's very engaging and makes you want to keep reading to find out what happens next!
This was the best book I have ever read. The ending still has me questioning myself. Everyone needs to read this.
Lee's classic tale of justice and injustice in the rural South.
Mit takes you to the early 19th century and let's you relive the time then.Tussle between the White and coloured and all through a kids perspective.I enjoyed it !
"Simply put, this is nothing less than one of the first books ever written. No, it's better than that."
A profound look at some tough social issues with a main character I was endeared to immediately. Amazing writing.
Great story!So glad to have the chance to read it again. Reading it with my son in middle school.
Scout provides a terrific playback to the events and experiences leading to how her brother was hurt and how they escaped grave danger that day.
Outstanding read. Gives a good look through the eyes of a child into the Deep South culture during the depression.
Boring
"So many moral messages that are always relevant.Prejudice and hate will always be with us.  We must do what we can to not pass it on.I just love this book, it is a must read, more than once, and again and again!"
What a delightful book!  To think I missed this all of these years.  Harper Lee is such a gifted writer we could have used many more of her books.
Wow what a great book!
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the best pieces of modern American literature of the 20th century.  Harper Lee paints a word picture of a small southern town in the 1930s with such vivid colors that seeing it all in your head comes so easily.  The story is captivating.  The characters are carved out so skillfully that you almost feel they were a part of your past.  It's a story that will bring you back for quotes about life that will stay with you always.  It is one of my favorites, one I`ll keep coming back to again."
Love it :)
"Re-read this in preparation for her new release this summer. Forgot how wonderful it is, and how much better to read it as an adult, not a student!"
loved it!
"Once a classic, always a classic."
"I was not required to read this while in school, so I was able to just read it at leisure. I enjoyed this story very much. It truly deserves to be a beloved and revelant classic. It is appropriate for junior high school age and up. I highly recommend this book to anyone who has not read it yet and if you had, try reading it again just for the story itself."
She indeed captured a view of what it was like to live in the South as a little girl at a time when equality was still a dream.
A wonderful classic!!
This is an awesome  book! I could not put it down!
Perfection
Our book club decided to read it because the sequel is coming out. I read this in high school and had forgotten how powerful it its.
"My interest was to read it prior to the release of SET THE WATCHMAN this summer.  Very enjoyable read that was fun relating it to my own central Florida hometown in the 1950s & 1960s.  Of course due to the nature of the story, TKAM was not allowable reading material during my high school years of 1960-63.  So, this is my first time reading it at this late stage.  For those who have read it, or merely have seen the movie, I recommend a re-read.  Looking forward to SET THE WATCHMAN..."
Shipped quickly. Cover of book was different than what was pictured.
"It is so actual! Harper Lee has written a masterpiece.I found that the little girl Scout, and her brother Jem were too mature for their age, this is my only criticism of the book"
"I picked this up to re read after more than 40 years. Even more compelling and relevant for me now. Beautiful storytelling: authentic, honest, timeless. So glad to have read this again. Looking forward to the new book."
"Couldn't find my old paperback, so I bought this one.  Then I found my paperback, which is old and yellowed.  Nice to have a new one.  Waiting for Harper Lee's new book in July."
"After ordering the coming second HARPER LEE book I Decided it was time to re-read this classic.Needless to say I was spellbound again.Now I really am looking forward to it.But to anyone who has never read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" what are you waiting for? It's Even better than the movie."
"Painting a beautiful picture of childhood, the stories kids make up in their imagination, set in a time when not all were free.  I cried at the inhumanty but celebrated the childrens story and their view of the world."
Classic! Perfection!
"I love this book.  Rereading it refreshed my soul and my memory . All of the common sense that Atticus passed on tohis children and friends.  He is such a strong man and yet gentle  and understanding. What ever he is given in life hetakes responsibility for, holds his head high and walks through the good and the bad.  Young Scout is wise and smart beyond her years.Ever curious and loyal to her brother Jem to the end. A great novel for the ages."
Happy reading!
"As a former English teacher, this was my favorite book to analyze with my students. The writing is clear, the imagery amazing, and the issues raised are always timely. A wonderful book - I can't wait for the follow-up!"
"Beautiful, touching a must read novel"
I really enjoyed this book alot. It is definitely a classic. I am anxious to read Harper Lee new book .
The best book ever written.
This is my favorite book of all  - - have loved it since l first read it 40 years ago.  I enjoy it thoroughly  every time l read it.  I read over 400 books a year and have read several thousand over the past 70 years.
"Just reread and in light of recent events across the country, it feels sad that many opinions have not changed."
"It was a great classical read, I enjoyed it."
I re-read this one every couple of years. It's one of my favorites.
It's To Kill A Mockingbird...enough said!
It's a good book
Wonderful treasure
Always wanted to read this classic and am very glad I did. This is a great story about human behavior. It is just as relevant today as it was in the year it was written. The story is one that you will not forget. The characters are well developed. I would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in todays racial issues and human nature both good and bad.
Blarrrgggghhhhh!
I read this in High School  BUT it is better read as an adult I loved it  GREAT GREAT BOOK
I had always been curious about this book but never read it. I'm real glad I did now. The only thing I didn't like was that the book ended. Scout had me laughing quite a bit throughout the story.
Classic - enjoyed it five times better than when it was assigned reading.Read it again....for the very first time.
"I just finished re-reading To Kill a Mockingbird. I read this wonderful book for the first time almost 40 years ago but it was almost like reading it for the first time. Growing up in a small south Georgia town, I use to go visit my Uncle in a town very much like Scout's hometown.  This book is so beautifully written it makes you want to read it over and over again.  I am going to re-watch the movie version this week-end but I have to admit when I read about Atticus in my mind I see Gregory Peck. I can't imagine anyone else playing this roll."
Great !!!!
"My 11 yo son LOVED this book. He said it might even have been better than Harry Potter and Percy Jackson, and he LOVED them."
"There is nothing I can say that has not already been said. True perfection! Read this book, you will not regret it!"
I bought as a gift.
i found the book mildly interesting.  not sure what all the fuss is about.
I probably read this book 45-50 years ago.  I just read it again to refresh my memory in preparation for the July publication of Harper Lee's new book.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The lessons are as real today.
I totally enjoyed reading this book. Author depicted the climate of the south during that specific period after the emancipation.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite book, it reminds you that no matter what, you alwaysrespect everyone, even if you disagree with them."
"So glad I finally read this.  Worth every minute.  Perfect for high school boys who don't like to read, as it's easy to get into and holds the attention."
Brand new...thrilled to have this edition
Very good eell written and thought provoking.
"An excellent read, really enjoyed it & don't understand why I hadn't read it before!"
I found To Kill a Mockingbird a captivating book from start to finish. Being told by an adult through her eyes as a child was an interesting perspective. The author did an excelent job of weaving 2 stories into one. The book also gave a perspective of life in the south in the 1930's. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading.
The reason I give one star is because I didn't like it very much and I read only two chapters  in middle school and read the book in high school. I would l never pick this book up again if it wasn't for school and my projects. Even if I read the hold thing to me it is boring and I did not like it I love adventure books romantic and more but this one was plain BORING in my option while might say it is a great book but to me it is not. :D
"I often hear discussions trying to identify the ""Great American Novel"". That discussion should begin and end with this book."
"Amazing as the first read done over thirty years ago.Outstanding, indeed."
"We aleady own several copies but my daughter insisted on the digital version for use in the classroom. We read this book aloud together as a family years ago, and my husband's read it several times, but it never gets old!  It's timeless :) One of the best books ever!"
I am enjoying reading this book again.
This is a great story about human nature.  The gentle souls prevail in spite of the surrounding prejudices that stand the test of time.
no wonder its a classic
I wonder why I waited this long to read this book. Harper Lee does an outstanding job capturing the essence of a small town in the early 20th Century. It intrigued me that all the experiences were through through the eyes of Scout. A wonderful masterpiece of literature. I look forward to the sequel this summer.
Having grown up in the South this account of life in a small town was so true to life. The story as seen and interpreted through the eyes of a young girl was brilliantly developed. The girl could have been myself and the Boo Radley character could have been my brother. I'm glad I read this as an adult and not as a teenager as a required reading as I probably would not have appreciated all the nuances of life in a small southern town. The quotes and dialogue are priceless and hold eternal truths that we can all learn from and use to better understand each other.
"I just absolutely love this book.  The writing is so well done that you are transported back in time, not only to the era, but also your childhood."
"I was told to read this book for my Honors English class, and I never believed I would want to read this book. I see know why and where I went wrong. There is a reason they call this book a classic, and I, a 16 year old boy, learned to appreciate a true work of art. I will read this again and again, not for the story, but because I will remember this as one of the greatest things I have ever read. If you see this review, for God's sake read the damn book, it's absolutely worth the price, and I mean this sincerely."
I disliked the moments of pure talking and no action just talking which is upseting. But overall the story turned out to be good but i wouldn't recommend it to kids in middle school who are not all into story conversations
"An American classic!  ""Nuf said."
Needed for school
"It's ""To Kill A Mockingbird.""  You need me to tell you it's good?"
"I first read this book when I was 12 and living in Scotland. I re beer liking it but not truly understanding it. Now, at 30 and living in Louisiana, I see it in a whole new light. It truly is a literary masterpiece, incredibly well written and phenomenal characters. Atticus Finch is one of the best characters in literature. It goes without saying but this is a must read book."
"Reread after many years since my first experience with this wonderful book. Harper Lee had a lot to say about loving they neighbor as thy self, no matter ethnicity, origin or economic status. She said it all within the pages of her first book. A great read for young and old alike."
"Wonderful book.  Had misplaced my original copy, so nice to have a back up for my library."
I'm 62 years old and this was the first time I have read this book. Now I see what all the fuss was about. If you haven't read it do yourself a favor and don't wait.
"As a youngster, I hadn't read this book, much to my regret. It was certainly was most interesting and now I look forward to author Harper Lee's sequel ""Go Set  a Watchman,"" which will be published in July."
"Certainly a ""must read"" for everyone.  an incredible classic.  read and re-read it."
"It was SOOO much better than when I read it in high school! The book is art. It is way ahead of its time, and disturbingly honest, at the same time. I now know how much of my daily encounters have been influenced by this book. Read it."
I loved this book.
"A must read for all. Poignant and provocative, insightful and humbling. May be my all time favorite book."
Was good going back and rereading such a Classic!  Brought back memories from my childhood!
I had forgotten what a wonderful book this is.  I am glad I took the time to reread it.
"What a snooze fest! It was chapter upon chapter of useless drivel and characters who contributed absolutely nothing to the storyline. If she would have concentrated on the main storyline more, it would have been a half decent book. Honestly, I have read hundreds of books at this one is on the top of the books I hated list and there are not many that I did. For the life of me I cant figure out why some of the characters were written into this book at all. I can't believe that this is considered a classic or the fact that I was able to finish it."
I never got around to reading this classic before. Really great book with memorable characters.
I understand why it's a classic. Very good period piece. I read it on my vacation and was not disappointed.
"Wonderful storytelling with a purpose, exposing the ugliness of racism and the best of responses to it - resolute opposition to the values underpinning racism combined with charity and understanding."
A true classic.  I have read it more than once.
What a great story. I hated to see it end.
This is an awesome book and although i had always neant to read it i didn't til now. It is a most thought provoking book and i thoroughly enjoyed ir.
This book teaches a good lesson in life that kids will understand when they grow up. It demonstrates how Scout and Jem realize the truth about Boo Radley. It's a good book!
"As a Brazilian who speaks Portuguese I found out that TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was a literature classic and that it's among the ""100 books must be read before..."" so I was curious about it... I Really like the story! Waiting for Harper Lee's new book!"
The character descriptions and her description of the settings are an inspiration to all writers.
I had forgotten what a great book this is
Really enjoyed this book the. Characters are very true to life. And the story is a real page turner. Great
Such good moral content. Best book ever.
This is one of my favorite books of all time.  The characters are very well developed and stay true to their nature.  The book is very tolerant of the  outward differences between people recognizing though inwardly we are not different. I appreciate the writers non judgmental knowledge of the destructiveness of fear and fear based thinking. Bravo!
"First time reading this classic.  It definitely ""lived up to the hype"".  Rich, deep character development and complex, layered plot.  Never boring and dry.  Even in this day and age of limited span of attention and multi tasking mania, this book still draws in the reader and presents him with struggles that will be relevant until the end of days."
I know why the people living in the south are so mean.
"Wonderful read (well re-read for me).  Actually, I bought this book for my 73 year old beau who had requested I 'borrow it from the library next I was there'.  There was a huge wait list, so how delighted I was to be able to buy this book at such a bargain rate!  Although the price was a bargain, the quality of the book and the excellent way in which it was shipped was top dollar!  Thank You!"
"Never read this book in high school and always wondered about it. With Harper Lee's new prequel coming out I decided to take the plunge. The book is the story of growing up in the south in the 1940's with racisim, male and female roles, adolescence.... There is so much more to the book as well and it's a beautiful story. I'm not so sure as to why all the acclaim for TKAM but I did like it."
Love it!
Great book! Shipping was fast! Thanks!
This book is a lot of what I base my life upon. I hope to one day be a person as beautiful of soul as Boo Radley.
"Still wonderful, third time. ReD most recently in preparation for forthcoming work by Lee."
WONDERFUL book!
Just a great story and very well written.  Enjoyed from start to finish. Can't wait to read her next book
I have read it 3 times and I love it just the same!
"I'm sure I was required to read this  in school but what a waste. Only through the eyes of an adult can one appreciate the gift this book is to the World. I can't think of a flaw. Never a wasted word or scene. I've been stunned like never before by a book who voice, in Scout, is the conscience and wisdom we all strive for but forget.Merrill B"
"Still one of the greatest books ever written!  Reread in anticipation of ""Watchman"" due out in July.... can't wait!"
"Nothing to be said here, except for those who were forced to read it in school. Take your time and read it for pure pleasure this time, it's much more enjoyable."
needed for school assignment
"While reading this book, I thought about everything going on today as far as racism.  This is such a great book for so many reasons.  I can't wait to read the new book written by Harper Lee."
"Reads like candy, sweet, delectable and leaves you wanting more. Important for school kids to read but maybe more so for adults today."
Get's better every time I read it.
Great Product
I have to agree with some of the reviewers who criticized the book at publication for being a children's book.  The book won the Pulitzer because it said what many critics like to hear.  It 's not a well-written book.
"I loved the story lines, they story was easy to follow and comprehend.Also love the actors.  They play great roles."
Areal joy to read after last reading in high school. So much more to appreciate in later life.  Sentences and descriptions are like sweet butter.
"Excellent, the expression of feelings through words leaves you seeking more. Hard to wait for next book."
I have seen the movie and read the book many times....just wanted to enjoy it again.
"Although this may be a critical analysis on my part, I think that something of this stature needs to be analized to its fullest potential."
What can be said about To Kill a Mockingbird that has not been said for decades? It was a joy to revisit Maycomb and its residents. One of my all time favorite novels.
I didn't read this as a child but I'm so glad I read it now. One of the best books ever written and I cannot find anyone who has disagreed with me about that. I Loved It!
"I initially wrote a less than stellar review, my daughter at first didn't like the book (it is required reading for her English class). But, as she got further into reading it, she has changed her mind and loves it. She told me last night that she can see herself reading it again."
"To Kill A Mockingbird belongs on everyone's ""must read"" list.  It is a great story about race relations - or lack of race relations - in the early 230th century.  To me, the story may have been one of the last great battles of the Civil War.  It is truly a ""Great American novel."
"An American Classic, second only to the Bible in terms of number sold. . .what else needs to be said??"
I have read this story many times. It just keeps getting better.
👍
"so much more to the story than I'd realized -- I must have read it in school but because I HAD to and because I probably HAD to do a book report, I read and did the least I had to for my A."
"I read this this exceptional book years ago when the movie came out, and I just read it again. It is an example of how our country began to change concerning race relations.  The wise widower is teaching his children to be kind to all his neighbors, and then has to teach his own town the same lesson."
"This is a book every one should read at least once! Every young person to be the just adult and every adult to be the right guide to the youngsters. A perfect guide for every age. Even a great guide for parents. I'll make my daughter read it when she reaches this reading level and I have already told her the story and the importance of ""walking around in somebody else's skin""."
I love this book. It's a great read. Sad but true the way the minority was treated back in the day. Glad the minority is treated better these days. I would recommend this to anyone who loves to read a great novel.
A classic!  Very well written.  I recommend it as required reading for everyone.
An amazing story by an amazing writer.  I only wish she had more books for us to appreciate.
"This was so amazing, I have not read such a well written book in a long time.  I don't know why I had never read it before.  Too often I find ""older"" books even classics just don't keep my attention."
"One of my all time favorite books. I'm still reading it. Brilliant writing. Great characters. Of course, it helps to have seen the movie so that you can put faces to the characters, too. I love it."
great condition
A true American classic. I do not know why it has taken me so long to read this novel. Excellent!!!!!
"Loved when I first read; even more as an ""old lady.""  Find lots of pleasure reading books now that I loved when younger, on many more levels."
Great audible
Awesome
There have been very few books move me and stick with my soul.  Harper Lee has constructed a subtle and moving piece. You don't realize just how much she gets you invested in these characters until the dramatic conclusion. I shed a tear each time I read this literary work of art. Thank you Harper Lee and God bless.
An interesting perspective of the 1930's in the south.  Extremely well written.
"After my son named his baby boy, Atticus, and my daughter named her daughter, Scout, I thought I better read the book.  It was hilarious, amazing, profound, and life changing."
"one of the great classics.I don't remember reading this growing up, thought I 'd better get it read.Good book.Hope there is really a found sequel."
moving and emotional story.
"It's a great book, I love it."
Second time reading this wonderful Classic. Can't wait for Set the Watchman later this year!
Great
"Such a classic! I thought I'd give it a try again since Harper Lee's new book is coming out, and I'm so glad I did! Better the second time for sure."
I read this book many years ago. I just had to add it to my personal library...
Classic. Everyone should read it. Timeless
Pure southern.
"A sweet story, with bittersweet undertones.  I can see why people hold it up as a classic.  There's a lot of charm, as it's told through the point of view of a perceptive child.  Scout has internalized the casual racism and sexism of her culture, but even a 9-year-old can see when things are wrong or unjust.I really enjoyed the language and flow of this book.  It pulled me along in a nice way, and I'm glad I read it.  But speaking as a reader who prefers high stakes and lots of action, this was a real change of pace.  It's sort of like the movie ""A Christmas Story.""  It's a vignette of childhood.  An interesting childhood, in a culture that no longer really exists, but still a laid-back and meandering type of tale.To me, some of the dialogue sounded too scripted, like 1950s-1960s movies.  Especially towards the end, as Scout draws some conclusions, she sounds a little too graciously adult.  I have trouble believing that a 9-year-old would regularly say things like, ""Won't you sit down, Mrs. Merryweather?"" even in the 1930s.Anyway, aside from that, this book gave me a warm, fuzzy feeling.  It's nice to see that some things haven't changed about us humans, no matter what culture we're in.  And it's nice to see how things have changed for the better."
The book was for my son's High School class. I got what I wanted for a good price.
Very enjoyable and thought provoking.  Once into it I could not put it down and a  good spin at the end.
"Can't wait for her next book.  Each time I read this, I find something new about it."
"With the events in our communities in 2014-15, we all need to read and embrace the wonderful meaningful message of this novel"
👍
i know I saw the movie several years ago but had never read the book.  thoroughly enjoyed it.  lots of chuckles with all the wordings and lots to think about.  everyone should read this book and learn lessons of life.  looking forward to the watchman book to being released.
This was a great story to read even after seeing the movie many years ago. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Can't wait to get her upcoming novel. Thanks Harper Lee.
Loved it! After all these years finally read it definitely worth the read😄👍 I was told so many times but never took the time take I finally did 💙
"I loved this book, could not put it down, no even to eat and cook. I enjoyed that it was written as seen through the eyes of the little girl, ""Scout""' having seen the movie many years ago with Gregory Peck playing the part of Atticus, the Father and Lawyer, I was enjoying thinking of the character in the book as such and could hear his voice in my head. I know this book is part of the literature required by Schools in recent years, I wish it had been on my list as a Student. We could use lots more people with Atticus's wonderful outlook on lifeA wonderfully warm, compassionate story."
Brilliant. Great discussion at our book group. Even better than the film.
Loved it then....Loved it now!!! Timeless classic....also ordered the movie to watch again and again..
The book was amazing. It drew me in and it taught me many life lessons. I recommend this book to all!
Couldn't put it down!
I read this book many years and just reread it.  It is one of the best novels I've ever read.  One of those books that you can't put down but you don't want it to end.
"The condition of the book wasn't as described. It appears to be old, worn, and mildew."
"I learned so much from this story.  You know how you get a book and don't want to read too fast because then it will be done?  Well, that's my experience with 'Mockingbird'.  So good.  So filled with lessons to be learned today.  Loved reading this classic on my kindle/ipad.  Clear print, full story.  Loved it.  Coming back for more when Harper Lee's recently found story is released.  Thanks!"
A true masterpiece.  well written and an enjoyable read.
"An old time favorite of mine.  It's been many years since I read it that it was like reading it for the first time.  Knowing Harper Lee's new (recently found manuscript) book will be out in April, I thought it would be a good time to revisit Scout and her family.A classic for sure!"
Thank you for finally having it available on Kindle.  I have a very old paperback of it but have wanted it on my Kindle forever....  I am looking forward to reading Harper Lee's other book.
A wonderful read.
Great book!
Great read
"Just read this for the first time & it was so much more than I'd expected. I've known all of my life what this book was about, but had no idea how believable & touching it was. I'm looking forward to her next book...I have high hopes for it as well."
"A classic! Depicts the attitudes, predudices, injustices and bigotry that was part of American during the depression and through the 1960`s."
I read this book for the first time 20 years ago. 20 years later it is still a favorite. If you haven't read this book you are really missing out on something special.
Great book! Want to read the new one.
"place and time so brilliantly depicted.  I am loving it, I haven't yet finished reading it but each time I have to stop I look forward to getting back to it."
This was our selection this month for book club. The book is extremely well written and I thoroughly enjoyed every page of it
Timeless masterpiece!
nice
Just as I remembered... Fab
Was a wonderful book! I can certainly understand why it is on so many required reading list in the school system. I will re-read it again.
Loved it. Don't know why it took me so long to finely read it.
50 years later and still a great read!
One of the best books I have ever read.  I did not want the story to end and found myself wondering what ever happened to Scout (it seems that we will find out soon)!
Only to say I'm reading  the second time
One of my favorite books of all time
"A must read for everyone. It you have not read this book, I recommend you read it. If you have read it, read it again."
What a wonderful book
Just gets better everytime I read it. It's one of my all time favourites since I was 15. A must read.
My all time favorite book!
Top notch classic of what the South use to be and at times still currently continues.
"A classic, and for good reason."
so relevant
Awesome!
It is the great American novel.
An amazing book! Reading this book was time well spent.
Simply one of the best books I've ever read...
"wonderful story,- excellent writing. A classic !"
Great story about how it really was in the South
"I really enjoyed reading this book! I can't believe I didn't read this book before, I love this book"
"I reread this book with pleasure. Over the years, I had forgotten details and loved the journey with the Finch family. I can't say enough good things about this book, all told from the viewpoint of a young girl. This is indeed a literary treasure. Friends in Australia said this book is also read in their schools. What a gift Harper Lee has given us. I am eager to read her book due out this summer."
... do yourself a favor and read it again. It's SO much better than I remembered it!
"Second reading.  I read this book many years ago and had forgotten most of the details.  It's a great trip into the culture & mores of the deep South of the 1930's, before the civil rights movement, with real, appealing main characters and the villains bred from ignorance.  It's no wonder this book is considered a modern classic!"
A great classic!  Wonderful to read once again!
Great read always! Just needed a new copy.
'nuf said.
I'm SO happy this book was finally released in digital edition!
Waited far too many years before reading this story. I was surprised it was so well written yet simple in its truths. Miss Lee could have written it in 2015:) A timeless telling of children & adults coming to grips with the frailties of humanity.
See why this became popular in its time. See why it's still a hit today. Great story with great characters.
"One of my earliest memories of my father is of his taking me to the movie based on this book. I understood it was very important to him that I got the lessons of the story. I don't recall having read the book since it wasn't a popular subject in the early Sixties, and I don't recall some of the things recounted in the book. That being said, I have ever since believed that there is but one Race. Human! I don't know how to express my gratitude that someone wrote a book that opened so many hearts to the possibility of redemption for mankind, at the same time recognising that we still have so far to go. I look forward to her new book. I hope it is as healing for the world and our society as this one has been."
"I bought the paperback here on Amazon as a used book.  I have seen the movie and was always touched by it.  I watched the movie again before I read the book, and again after I read the book.  The movie is faithful to Harper Lee's account of growing up in the Depression-era south, Alabama.  I loved the descriptive way Harper Lee writes about her childhood, her brother and her idolized father, and Calpurnia the housekeeper.  I almost want to read the book over again, it was so pleasant to read, and suspenseful in parts.  It took me all these years to read this novel.  I think it's because the sequel is coming out soon, and I plan to read the sequel, Go Set A Watchman by Harper Lee.  From what I hear, it is a very good novel that Harper Lee wrote many years ago and a copy just happened to be found.  So now it will appear in print, 55 years after To Kill A Mockingbird.  I look forward to reading Go Set A Watchman and also seeing the movie they make out of it.  I only wish Gregory Peck was still around to be Atticus."
FINALLY! I have read this book a number of times and love it. I have been looking to get a version for my Kindle and here it is. Probably released to help the sales of Harper Lee's upcoming sequel but what ever made it happen I am glad. One of the truly great books of all time with a movie every bit as good. Thank you Harper Lee!
Used for daughter's school assignment.
Good
Once of the best books I have ever read!
A really refreshing change of pace. I really enjoyed the characters and the way they interacted. It was like reading an episode from the Waltons
Wanted to reread again.
"Made me remember my childhood.  Tender in parts.  Was much better than the movie, which was great."
Wonderful book!
Good read!
"Love this book, so glad it is on Kindle!"
It was nice but the shipping took a while to get.
And people can live with themselves with a like this?  Sad the excuses we use to justify the wrongs we inflict on those who are not just like us.  May time correct the injustices.
Great Copy! Speedy Delivery .
5-star classic
Classic tale of the American south in the thirties.
"This story is written about a time gone by, but yet still true. It has to do with growing up and learning about life through youths innocence.I've read it twice and I'm sure I will read again. This story will never grow old."
A classic!
A+
Waited until I was 60 years old to read this book. I shouldn't have waited so long. It was wonderful.
"It had been a long time since I read this and it was well worth reading again.  A nice window into human prejudices that, unfortunately, are slow to change."
"I had never had the opportunity to read To Kill a Mockingbird when I was in school. Now with the kindle I'm taking the time to discover and re-discover these much loved stories.To be honest when I began reading this, I didn't believe I'd get very far. I just knew I owed it to myself and the book to give it a chance. I'm so glad I did! Many times throughout the story I was laughing aloud or reaching for the tissues.I understand why it's on the ""banned books"" list all over, but if for no other reason, kids should read it just to see how far the world has come."
I just Reread this.  It's a great read.  The small town of Maycomb still lives.  All of us know these individuals in our own lives.  That's why it's a classic.
"Overlapping themes on slavery evils,  growing up, family love and ability to look at others with kindness and understanding make it continue to be relevant 50 years later."
Timeless.
Just as wonderful as the first time!
"I now can see why this story is an all time classic.It was so descriptive that I felt that I was actually there.I liked the way that this story of small town prejudiceIs told from the point of view and innocence of a wise and ""matter of fact"" little girl."
delivered on time book meets all expectations
Splendid story.  A must read for everyone.
Great !!!!
Great read .... last time I read it was in high school.
There is a reason why this novel is a classic.  Extremely well written describing the political and social environment of the South during the depression.  I cannot wait for the sequel.
Still good second time around
"As everyone in the literary world knows, this is a fine book on many levels that will last and last and last... However, I was not as impressed with this book as the ""Canon"" folks might. It’s not perfect. There's too much expository writing at the start that didn't hook me into the story. It feels more like a bunch of short stories strung together. Perhaps it’s the plethora of books dealing with moral complexities that makes this book seem like just another one.But of course, the themes are uplifting and characters are vibrant -- the highlight of the book are the scenes with Scout and Atticus. It is an excellent coming of age book though that deals with racism and injustice in novel form. I also give it credit for the tangible cultural depiction of the South at the time and the rare set-up of a single father and his children, told in an innocent yet brooding way."
"Yes, this probably is one of the most important books of the 20th century.  The Easton Press edition is so very exquisite and beautiful to the touch.  I sat down and read this in one sitting.  I'd not only recommend a read of To Kill a Mockingbird, but also this is a shout-out to all Eason Press Books.  I will say that some of them are ridiculously expensive, but one can find ""like new"" and such editions right here on Amazon that are worth th price."
"Atticus Finch , a liberal lawyer, leaves Scout and Jem to enjoy their childhoods and imaginations, only ever stepping in when they cross a line, such as their attempts to contact Arthur 'Boo' Radley-shut away at home since his teenage days. But its when Atticus defends Tom Robinson against a false accusation of rape, that the realities of the place they live; its ingrained social orders, its ingrained prejudices reveal themselves. as well as the good and bad in every man....  A worthy classic that became so as it works on so many levels. It captures childhood innocence and its corruptions, it anticipated the winds of change that would come in the 60's-caught the zeitgeist if you like- it is an historical record of a society and its time, of the levels of prejudice that existed on all levels-'Good white family' to 'Trash white' 'Townies' and 'Wood folk' and at the bottom of it all the disenfranchised black people. The book looks at prejudice at all levels ; how an 'a la carte' list exists where some prejudices are seen as 'justifiable' or 'understandable' But as Atticus tells us, no one group has a monopoly on good and bad. We need to stand in other peoples shoes.  Yes, a great book that will be great for all time and worthy of the status."
excellent
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my most favorite books.  I am so glad I could purchase this in a hardcopy.  I am looking forward to receiving my copy of To Set a Watchman.
I wish they had photographed accurate item with listing. I was seeking a specific printing of the book to go with my classroom set. Different printings can hinder instruction.
"I've been meaning to read this for years, literary classic and all that, never had it assigned in school and just never got around to it after. Beautiful little story, really evokes the sights and smells and life of a small southern town in the forties."
love it
Enjoyed the simple innocence of the characters.  A timely and continued struggle in today's society.  The many messages so relevant.  A must read.
"I haven't finished the book yey, but the movie was excellent.  I was 17 yrs. Old when I first saw it!  First tme getting the book.  Thank you."
Great Great Great  Could not put it down once I started reading it.
wonderful writing. It's been many years since I've read this and I'm enjoying it all over again.
"A classic, given as a gift to our granddaughter."
love the book and the price
Came in great condition love the book!
"Not finished with it. So far, I like it."
Both books were in excellent shape. Thank you!
good read
"Rereading before the release of  ""...Watchman"" this summer. Lee's work lives!"
I did not like the the quility of the book.
"After hearing that the movie is to be remade, I wanted to reread this wonderful story of love and hate, of fitting in or being the object of prejudice. A must read for any Christian, especially in this time of renewal of outward racisim and prejudicial treatment of ""others""."
Read this as required reading in high school back in the 60's and didn't remember a thing. Absolutely loved reading it in my 60's.
"The recent information about Harper Lee encouraged me to read the book again. I love how the children's lives are involved in the book. After once living in Mississippi, I could hear and see some of the scenes, especially the old homes.  Small towns remind us of a simple and complex life. I am now looking forward to reading Lee's other book."
Have enjoyed this every time I have read it.  Great book.
I know it is a cliche to say it but we could all learn a good lesson in humanity if we took the time to read this. Definitely way ahead oh her time on social issues.
"An excellent read, just a pity that much of American society hasn't progressed from the scenario presented in the book"
Great Book still a number one classic to read.
"If I had known how interesting the book was, I would have read it long ago.  It kept my interest and it is relavant even today - sad to say."
Thank you!
Wonderful!
Very good book.
"Really enjoyed this book, kept my interest and teachesto be patient, more understanding even though I could neverbe as good ad Atticus, but probably in the future will think twicebefore judging or getting mad at people. Good positive influence."
Excellent.
"I haven't read this since high school but will be traveling thru Monroeville, AL this summer.  I want to tour the court house, the museum, and gift shop so I decided I would enjoy the adventure a bit more if I re-read the book.  Then I'll probably order the sequel which was just recently found by Ms Lee's assistant.  It was actually written first but her publisher said she should write about Scout as a youngster.  So, Go Set A Watchman was tucked away and just recently found."
"This book is written thru the mind and eyes  of a young girl in the old time south.  Her thoughts and description of life are so honest, human and funny. The author did a wonderful job of depicting life with such clarity. I loved the honor and integrity Atticus  instilled in the everyday lessons of life and people."
Arrived promptly and as advertised! Cheers...!
I read this book for the first time 20 years ago. 20 years later it is still a favorite. If you haven't read this book you are really missing out on something special.
"Has been over 50 years since I first read this,and I understood the characters so much better.Wanted to familiarize myself again before reading the sequel ."
Read this when I was in high school.  Enjoyed it even more now  Would recommend it to anyone for an enjoyable and informative bok
It was an amazing book. anyone who is trying to read it must defiantly should. It is an amazing book.
My favorite book of all time!
I never had to read this in school. I wasn't sure what it was about other than racial bias and hatred. Very easy to read and great story line. A lot of racial slurs but I know that's how it was in that era. Moral of the story: We are all created equal and shouldn't judge others we don't even know or understand.
"The book is a five-star classic on its own for all the reasons already articulated here.I specifically want to comment on Sissy Spacek's performance as the narrator on the audio addition.  She-absolutely-nails-it.  Timing, accent, voice, nuance, tension...they are all perfect.  I don't know much about her as an actress or person, but as a narrator for this book she is PERFECT."
Great novel. So pertinent still today.
"This novel is a classic and a ""must read"".  I first read it in junior high and recently read it a second time.  Harper Lee has stated that she meant for it to be a subtle childhood love story, but it's taken on a story other than that, and really gives insight into the complicated as well as blatant hypocrisy in our country's history in regards to [true] societal racism and the flaws of our judicial system.  Fathers will regard Atticus as a role model for themselves as men, and strong women/feminists will very much enjoy the strong willed, feisty, never-back-down personality of the protagonist - Atticus's daugher, Scout.  My only complaint is the ending.  I am harshly critical of book endings,  so one must consider that when I say that I did not like the ending at all."
"My friends had to read this book when we were in high school over 50 years ago.  I wished it was in my curriculum then. And I am ashamed that it took me so long to read such a great book. I am looking forward to the sequel in July.  Guess I will have to rent or buy the movie, too, because I never saw that either."
"I had to read it for my class.  My teacher went on and on about what a good book it was supposed to be. It was ok, don't get me wrong, but it wasn't a book that significantly changed my outlook on life or anything. I would recommend this book to pretty much everybody who likes to read."
"I have made it a point to read ""classic"" literature.  Somehow, I had not read this.  I loved it!  It is so well written and entertaining and meaningful.  I will definitely be reading it again for good measure.  I am just in awe."
Read years ago and better second time around. Many life lessons and just a great story. Cant wait for the sequel.
Anything educational ... Love it
Great Book.  Truly enjoyed it!
first 3/4 was great.
Awesomeness
"Excellent, somehow I missed it in school. Deserves its place in American literature. An early voice about racism"
Great book-delivered as was expected!
Reread this book that I read over 30 years ago when I was in high school. Can't wait for the sequel!
"A must read, for better understanding of the present and how moral evolution takes time, as we have not changed even in 2015."
Classic - just had to re-read it.  Great transaction.
Good Read
Why did I wait so long to read this classic?  Wonderful!
It gets better each time you read it
"I read this in high school, not long after it was first written. At the time, I loved the story as a rite of passage for the two children. As this is a book that can be read over and over, I reread it at different stages of my life. As I aged, I found the story was more than I had originally realized. I heard the adult voices more clearly. This is a story that is remains timely for the ages. Its message is one that should never be forgotten."
"Book too small, print small, pages coarse"
Not a very interesting story to me
"Never gets old. Not my first time to read it, won' be my last. Harper Lee has the uncanny ability to make you feel like you are participating in the story. I can feel the hot southern sun on my skin, and taste the cold lemonade. Cannot wait for her just discovered manuscript to be released."
A classic for all to read.
One of the best!
Third time I have read it.
Good shape.  Small lettering.  Good price.  Fast delivery.  Reasonably prized.
"I read this book many years ago.  Liked it then and I liked this time.  The first time I read it was for school and this time was for pleasure. Having grown up in the deep south in the 50's and 60's I could relate to a lot of this book even though I have been gone from there for many, many years. It brought back a lot of memories."
"The condition of the book was not good at all. The description of it was not correct. Disappointed in the quality, very used and abused."
The best book ever!  Cant wait for her new book in the Fall.
fantastic book beautifully written
"I can't believe that I am 36 years old and am just now reading this book.  I was born and raised in Alabama, so this book reminds me of my younger years growing up in a small town.  Great read."
Southernly slow but much to read between the lines. A 'Boo Radley moment' and mystery. Leaves you thinking and wondering.
"A classic that is sadly as timely today as it was in the 1930s, the time period about which it was written..."
"Great read - can't believe I wasn't required to read it when I was in school.  Both my children talked about it so much I found it necessary to catch up on a classic - so glad that I did.  Wonderful reminder about family and life lessons, role models, and valuable character traits that should still be instilled in all of our children (honor, integrity, honesty, loyalty, truthfulness, respect, dignity, diligence, etc). Can't wait for her long-lost follow-up!"
A classic in every sense of the word.
"I needn't review ""To Kill....."" as it is required reading at the high school level.  Since Shakespere was required reading when I was in school, I felt a lack in my required reading list.  As spellbinding as the threads of Scout's memories of her father were and as were her memories of Jem  and Calpernia, Ms Lee had an unequaled skill at depicting the southern dialect of each individual giving the reader an intimate and immediate understanding of the back-ground of each character.  The reader felt such a sense of satisfaction that Atticus could handle with love and protection any experiences his children would have.  And that, as adults, Jem and Scout would consider anyone, no matter what color or social class, as worthy of their respect and courtesy.."
"My spirit became renewed as I read.  ""To kill a mocking bird"" will remain in my heart and my mind.  I feel a kinship with the characters and am happy to have spent this time with them.  I anxiously await the release of the author's new book."
I read this book in high school 38 years ago. It's so beautiful and still relevant. Like meeting an acquaintance at a high school reunion and becoming a good friend.
What a superb classic!!!!!!!!
I'm over 70 and reading Mockingbird for the first time. Excellent!
What an amazing book! So much wisdom! So glad I finally took the time to read it!
What a sweet book to take you back in time.  The characters are so personable you almost feel like you know them. Can't wait to read her Watchman  book coming out soon.
"My favorite book of all time!!  I am 66 years old and an avid reader.  I have bought this book for everyone I know.  Make sure that this book is the one book you read if you never read another in your lifetime.  Please, do it for yourself."
Excellent
Loved this book!
Loved it!
A very good read.
One of the most important and most enjoyable of American novels. The characters are real and the message holds true more than 50 years after it was written.
"It may have taken me years to finally read this classic, but the book was magnificent!  I could hardly put it down. I'm looking forward to the new book this summer so I can see what Scout and Jem and Atticus have done over the years."
Wonderful read
Wonderful
It was wonderful.  Looking forward to the new release.
Loved this classic... A must read for everyone...  Looking forward to the sequel coming out later this summer. Can't wait.
"Goes without saying. This is a classic and is such an incredible read. If you haven't read it yet, do yourself the favour."
Like see an old friend after many years.
I had a different feel for the book now as opposed to when I read it about 50 years ago in high school.  A very good book I feel for eighth graders and a great way to add to the history of our country.  There are many moral issues that could create good classroom discussions.
"i read this many years ago in school, but when i read it again last week, it was like reading it for the first time. very good book."
"I just reread this book. The first time was in Jr. high school. I loved it then and I love it more now. It's emotional, brilliant, and captivating! It is written in such a simple fashion but it really asks and answers so many complicated questions.  It's about loyalty, love, hope, right and an wrong, prejudice and redemption. And I hope you will love it as much as I have."
"Classic story-- a love story for Harper Lee's father and brother. Less emphasis than expected on the social change story. Still, a sweet and lovely book."
"A good story although perhaps, in the light of the changed times, its impact is less than it was 40 years a go."
Great book
As good as I remembered it to be.
Its a great book to read and the book was in great condition
Fantastic book. Highly recommend it.
"I definitely am happy with my purchase. Not only did it come with what seems like the original dust jacket, it has an additional clear plastic on over it which i appreciate. While skimming through the pages i did see some accident pen or pencil marks, but they were few and far in between. The only thing that i didn't like is that there was the original library rental card glued to the inside of the book. But with that being said the book has being it use since 1999 so for almost 20 years of use, its in immaculate condition."
It was even better the second time around...I had forgotten how good it was.
"Excellent book, now I want to see the movie. I know it' s an old classic and I should have read it years ago."
Loved it... Classic.... So many lessons here we still need to learn. This should be required reading for all children.
"I enjoyed this great depiction of life in the south during the depression.  The character descriptions were wonderful, and the story told of an America not so long ago that was so different in so many ways."
A classic Amercian novel.  I reread it to be able to discuss it with my children and loved it even more than when I read it as a child.  Truly a must-read.
Great reading material! !
Previously read it years ago.  It was just as good or better to reread.
This is my second reading of Mockingbird. It gets better as you read it once more.A beautiful story. I anxiously await her newly discovered book.
Outstanding book.  All the acclaim is well-earned. The Audible version read by Sissy Spacek is an outstanding performance.
"I can't properly articulate all of the raw human emotions this story captures. Childhood, innocence, parenthood, fairness, self preservation, weakness, fear, morality, loyalty and a true sense of duty to one's kin and to the human condition. A beautiful story; a must read."
A great read.
"It was a powerful story then, and it's still a powerful (and, sadly, relevant) story today."
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I have read it multiple times.
Nice easy read
"This is my all time favorite book! I've read it more than once. Each time I read it I love it more. Harper Lee has captured the essence of that time period in a small southern town. Through her masterful prose we experience a community in crises, and the everyday ups and downs of friends family and neighbors. There is also an intriguing mystery woven skillfully into the fabric of the story that is revealed in a most unexpected and satisfying conclusion. We are escorted through it all by a spunky and inquisitive tomboy, Scout and her brother, Jem who share their hopes,dreams, fears and adventures with Dill a regular summer visitor to Macom. The ever stalwart widower and father of Scout and Jem is a fountain of wisdom, patience, and humility. He is a well respected lawyer and is the firm yet gentle backbone that keeps his family and the town upright from beginning to end.When you put this book down you will have an immediate urge to pick it up and read it again. You will not want to put this book and it's wonderful characters away."
"We all have childhood stories to tell. Ms. Lee does so with detail and character development. She takes us to the neighborhood so we can play with Scout, Jem and Dill. I love the wisdom of Scout, with support from her dad, Atticus,and bro, Jem.  Cal is the salt of the earth balance of the family. This novel is ahead of its time."
"This classic should be read by everyone. It has a lesson to be learned. I have read only three books out of the many I have read that really touched me and made me want to recommend them. The first of this book was nostalgia from the 1930's and may not appeal to everyone, but if you continue on you will be so glad you did. It is powerful and touches the heart and soul. I am so glad I took a chance on it and I so hope more people will read it."
Great book!
wish there was a sequel coming out...
"this is a book everyone should read.  It's an easy read plus as a northern, woman it was a lesson in history.  I didn't see the movie but I could imagine Gregory Peck as Atticus."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)Harper Lee (Up Close)"
I'm not sure why I waited till I was in my 60's to read this...I have been an avid reader all my life.A true coming of age book no matter how old you are. So excited to read the next Harper Lee book in July.
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is one of the best books ever written.  I had not read this book in over 50 years but decided to read it again.  It is as moving as it was the first time I read it."
"To kill a mocking bird.Strange book. It is extremely simple and yet extremely complex. The life saw from the eyes of child's eyes is different than from grown up's eyes..The book did not hooked me, I needed more time than the usual to finish it, a lot of old English jargon made rapid reading a but complicated.. Nevertheless it's content is worth the time.To kill a mocking bird is extremely well written, showing a lot innocence and why the world doesn't properly, said in other terms, what would be necessary for it to work properly. The answer is the mentality of a child."
Wonderful book - glad I took the opportunity to read it on my Kindle.  Looking forward to second book coming out.
good
"I sorta remember the movie?....It was a long time ago, but the book was just great!  I loved it.I would highly recommend it to all ages."
"Wonderful, thought provocking, book."
Great book and I'm looking forward to reading the new book by Harper Lee
"The first time I read this novel, I was a high school sophomore. I 've continued to read it every year since--for 41 years. Each read is different."
"I read this book once again after many years. Still such an awesome read. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Lee's character developments are so creative and enthralling. What I most enjoyed in this book, reading it as an adult,was the story narrated by a little girl. Seeing the world in her perspective and through her eyes. Lovely, can't put down read."
Read many times  always been good to read again
"Third or fourth time reading this book, and I still love it.  The kindle edition hasn't had any errors that I've noticed so far, so I'm happy"
Ever bit as delightful as Mark Twain's Tom Sawyer
Great story with vivid characters! Zippy & easy read. Hadn't ever read in school but I understand why they teach it. Really wonderful book!
"This book is fantastic!There are humorous sections, thrilling ones, I just enjoyed every minute of it... And what great morals and important issues this book story brings up!"
"For as old as this book is this is the first time I have read it. It was good, I enjoyed it. It reminds me of John Grisham' s ""A time to kill"" and ""Sycamore Row"" Did he copy them?"
"I enjoyed reading this book, it had humor,sadness,and love. I had always heard it was a well written story and so I was happy to read it for myself."
"If you have not read this book... well, let's just say it's worth your time.Best classic I have ever read in my life. Enjoy the book. Wherever you are while reading, it is amazing and I wonder if it continues."
"Harper Lee's story rings true all these years later, and speaks to today's generation.  Her characters are richly and authentically portrayed, and the moral is strong without being preachy.  I can't wait to read the recently published sequel!"
"A pleasure to read again, my Kindle is getting a real workout these days."
Such a great read! Just loved it Can't wait for her next book to come out this summer. My son loved it too
"I remembered watching this with my Mom when I was a child and being so afraid of ""Boo"". The book was good although slow in parts. Thankfully a lot of things have changed in regards to the awful racism that existed in 1936. (The book is loosely based on Harper Lee's childhood when she was 10.) I am going to watch the movie again after all of these years. (It was nice to call my Mom and tell her it's a fond memory of watching ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" with her when I was about 10, eating popcorn and drinking Kool-Aid.)"
"Easily one of the best books ever written.  Simple, sweet beautiful prose and how could anyone not love the finches and Harper Lee?  This is a gift."
This book is a classic that should be read by all.  Excellent writing provides a spell binding story.
"It was wonderful, a book to read slowly and savor. It was amazing , so well written."
"A classic. One of the all time great novels and one of my absolute favorites. I cannot wait for the ""new"" novel by Harper Lee."
"Wonderful writing.  May seem harsh, but that's the way Harper's world was in those days.  Makes you appreciate how things have changed."
Great reread in advance of Harper Lee's new book.
I love it every time I read it
"For me it was important to re-read this classic and remember the times before I read Harper Lee's new ""old"" book written before this one.  Issues still urgent in our world today!"
An oldie but well worth the read.
Finally read this outstanding novel for the first time. Can't believe I waited so long to read it!!! Great read!!
"Absolutely worth it's ""classic"" status!!"
Excellent read. I can see why it is so famous and wonder why I have not read it at all.
I was never required to read this in high school or college like my siblings...I missed out and am glad I took the time to read it.
A classic to be reread
"Excellent read it years ago, still good to read again"
Great writing and great story.  A fine example of Fatherhood for those children!  And a perfect example of discrimination which makes itvery sad.  A must read for all ages.
A good read.
Saw parts of movie and had my interest going. Never required to read in high school.
Can't believe I waited 50 years to read this. Outstanding. No wonder it is an American classic.
It was a bit predictable and dated but I kept at it till the end.
I never read it when I was a kid glad I did now great book.
"It seemed so short, not as compelling as when I read it years ago."
Its one of those books you don't want to put down.
Still as good and thought provoking as when I read it many years ago!
Love this story. Great book with a great message.
"Hardly dated, very well written, somewhat sentimental. An excellent read."
Knew about this book forever. From the movie wasn't much interested but finally read the book. What a difference between it and the movie. It was great!
I wish I would have read it sooner.  A classic!
Ten stars!
I liked the southern tempo of the book Beautifully written
Reread this book after many years and enjoyed it more this time.
"I don't know how I made it through high school without having to the read this book!!  It was a fabulous read. The characters were very believable. As I was reading, I could see Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. It was real look at life."
I read this for the first time a couple of weeks ago.  I know that it is a classic.  It was more than wonderful and deserves all the credit it has been given over the years.  I hope the second book coming out in July will be of the same caliber.  A super read that I should have been told I had to read in High School.  A time in history that is portrayed perfectly.
Classic!
Like many people I first read this a very long time ago. Re-reading it was a joy (I'd forgotten many of the details) and Lee is a fantastic writer. Now I want to see the movie again as well.
"A great american classic this is a book to study there are so many hidden adventures behind each chapter and so much of our countries values presented.  If you have ever read the book read it again but this time, think about it look for all the meaning you will be amazed."
Always a wonderful read.
That was a sad time but good to know done people were good
"Since it had been so long since even thinking about this book, what better time to read it, but when Harper Lee decides to release another book.  Still amazingly stands the test of time."
"FANTASTIC!!!  This is a true Classic!!!!  I think every school in the U.S. has this book on their mandatory reading list.  Harper Lee has done an excellent job bringing this 1930s Alabama childhood to life.  It takes you back to a time that was very different and similar from today.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a piece of our American history that depicts racism and prejudice, childhood innocence, and the perseverance of a man who risked it all to stand up for what he believed in.  If you haven't read this book than you are missing out!!!  For a classic this is a very easy book to read."
"Harper Lee spins a tale of a world different from what we know now. In the southern state of Alabama, the Great Depression is still having its effects on daily living. But two kids find joy and amusement in their endless escapades with their friends in between school hours. But this isn't just the story of two kids having fun. It's the story of the prejudice that was so prevalent toward black people at the time and a fear of the unknown. Harper's character development in this story is superb. Every person has their spot in this tale and we're always learning new and interesting facts about them. They become tangible through her descriptions and we warm to the good ones and are disgusted by the bad ones. In the eyes of two youngsters, we are shown the difference between right and wrong and the sense that was seemingly lacking in small town Alabama during that time. If for no other reason, read it because it's a classic. But see if you don't find yourself falling in love with Scout and Jem as they take us through a black man's trial and their adventures near Boo Radley's house."
This is such a sweet read. I'm glad I finally got around to it after seeing the movie more times than I can remember.
Great condition.
I really enjoyed the book. The character building was superb
Love this book and  I wanted to read it again before I get my copy of Harper Lee's new book.
Excellent book
Got this for my daughter because she loves the movie.
"I love the book and will keep forever, but the pages look like it was cut with a dull knife.  I was very disappointed with the pages.  I don't know if all her books are these cheap looking pages."
Just as good a read as it was the first time..
"Fantastic! Classic read, my nose was in the book the whole time. #So excited for the next!!!! Totally recommended it!"
"Oh my God!  And finally, 55 years later, comes the sequel!"
This book was recommended and it has been a good book to read.
"This is a classic novel and can still be interpreted by those growing up today.  A typical ""good vs evil"" story."
"This is a wonderful book about childhood, friendship, trust, and society in the deep south  just prior to WWII.  It explores relationships and trial through the eyes of an 8 year old girl.  The writing is moving and emotional.  It's a book everyone should read who loves words."
My grandson read it for school and told us it is probably the best book he has ever read and that is saying something as he is an avid reader. My husband and I decided to refresh our memories and we both read it. Excellent and we are looking for to the new Harper Lee novel being released soon.
Loved this second read of the novel!
What is there left to say about this classic?
"I recently reread this book for the first time in 16 years and I find it more important and enjoyable now than I ever did.  This is a fantastic book about prejudice, growing up, parenting, social justice, and responsibility to do the right thing regardless of if it is popular.  It is told from the perspective of a 6 year old tom boy named Scout and how her father, a lawyer is defending a black man in Alabama during the height of segregation.  This is a must read for people. Period."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)Harper Lee (Up Close)"
"I first read this book when I was very young, decided it was time to read it again.  It's always just like reading it for the first time! I have it on my Kindle so my grand kids can tree read it too."
I'm so glad I took the time to read it again (last time was 50 years ago). It really is a classic. Treat yourself and read it.
I bought 2 of these to read with my cousin and then discuss.  We can't wait for the newly-discovered Lee manuscript to become available.
"This story is awesome! But I highly recommend against purchasing this item if you are looking for a high-quality book to last long enough to pass on to your kids.The binding is cheap, the hardcover is cheap, and the pages look like the we're cut to size using a dull shear being fed too many pages at a time and being operated by a drunk 3rd-grader."
Love this book
great price. product delivered as advertised!
"Excellent novel, well written in first person of a young girl. I wonder why I had not read it until now."
"It is almost absurd to confer rating stars on a classic like this. What I found most appealing is the narration from a child's point of view. And even though at times Scout's maturity and perceptiveness are a tiny bit too good to be true, her forays into tomboy and impetuous behaviour somehow attenuate that impression. Atticus and the famous court case are the book's driving force, but the mysterious figure of Boo Radley and the children's gradual acceptance of his presence provide a strong analogy for the themes of difference and acceptance of difference. The children mature during the course of the novel while Atticus's outlook and role are gradually clarified and expanded upon; he also is seen to age during the narration. Thus the novel is fascinating on many levels. The humour of the school performance scenes beautifully offsets the drama and revelations of the final pages. A must read for everyone."
Great book! Took a long time to find it . Glad I did!
Great book.
Wonderful!  I understand why she didn't write another one. Could not have been any better.
I read it again after many years and enjoyed every word.
My all time favorite book - and a great movie too!  I read it every year and am always surprised  at how much I enjoy it each  time.  It seems I discover some thing new with each reading  - I also think that the Movie  actually captures the feeling of the book  almost completely.
Excellent book. Great lessons for all.
"The book, long ago, altered my view of life and caused me to develop more understanding of myself and those who are different than me.The story is about a man committed to the gentility of the south but uncompromising in his love of the law,truth and compassion for others.Atticus is skillful as a lawyer without wounding the characters as he searches for truth.This book is not about white guilt but about understanding each other , compassion and that southern culture has more to pass on than the oversimplification of a agricultural society based on the bitterness of slavery."
"I reread this to refresh my memory as I have ordered ""Go Set a Watchman"".  I last read the book in high school some 50 years ago as assignedreading.  I enjoyed it then, but didn't appreciate what a wonderful talent Harper Lee is.  It's a beautifully written novel with a powerful social message.  This is a must read for readers of all ages."
A for sure classic
To Kill A Mockingbird is my all time favorite book!!!
"Classic, must read."
The best
"I haven't read this in years but wanted to read it before reading ""The Mockingbird Next Door"". Amazing!!!! Must have been daring for the times."
"Have been hearing about this book for 30 years, finally read it worried all the good reviews I've heard would lead me to expect too much, but I'm happy to announce that well written, well developed literature cannot let us down. I loved it! I will re read it for comfort, for moral compass inspiration and for clues on what underlying elements make it a classic!"
"I loved this book.. I feel that I want to be a better person after reading it.  The prejudice described was difficult to read, however it is a fact of life.  I laughed a lot and I cried a lot as well."
"This is my absolute favorite book of all time.  I read it a couple of times every year, it never gets old."
Great. Cant believe it took me that mny years to read it
"It was a treat to come back to this, the book I consider one of the greatest of all time, in preparation of Ms Lee's upcoming release.Wisdom comes in many forms, but I always marvel at the way it comes in non great ending ways, from young people. Ms. Lee capitalizes on this."
very nice book
"Read it in 6th grade and just reread it as a 34 year old.  Everyone should read this book and read it again years later.  It explains a lot about the world, what's wrong with it, and what is beautiful in it."
Great classic
Rekindled my love of reading by taking it back...way back.  My first choice of read on my new Kindle. Had to.
What is there to say?
Rereading this novel. Hope others will do the same. This is a great edition.
"One, if not the best of what American literature has to offer."
great
I have no idea why it has taken me so many years to finally read this book. Had I known it was such an amazing story I'd have read it years ago. Written from the viewpoint of a young girl made it very enjoyable. None of the story was predictable and that made it all the more enjoyable.
"This was a good book to read, having read it in high school many years ago in English class, I had basically forgotten what it was about. But, after reading it, it brought back memories of my high school days and the discussions we had. Although I feel that it was injustice done to Tom in his being found guilty of rape, we have to remember, those were the times back then especially in the Deep South."
Good story and g r eat plots and detailsOk ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
I am sorry but I would rather have my teeth pulled than to keep reading this whatever.
"Age and perspective brings with it a true appreciation of words penned together like a quilt, blanketing us with truths for all times. Thank you,Harper Lee."
Not sure what more I can add to the amazing and true comments already being said. My only regret that I read this book so late in my life!
I love this book.  Read it in high school and 3 or 4 times since.  People should read it and perhaps will learn how to get along better with each other
couldn't seem to figure out where things were going.  Maybe the movie was better?
This book was better this time than when I read it in school. Excellent story. I would recommend it to anyone or any age.
"This is the second time I've read To Kill A Mockingbird and I loved it both time. But the second time round I had matured considerable and had traveled to the deep south and was aware of the culture there and I  understood it much more explicitly. I always thought that the beginning was a bit slow, but once I got into it I couldn't put it down, because it kept drawing me in.  I thought the character development was very good and I loved Atticus and the way he was raising his children even though the cultural mores were so different. A great read for anyone. But has the deep south changed any since this book was written?"
Great book! Took a long time to find it . Glad I did!
What American Literature is all about!
"A classic that I read in high school, and just reread almost 20 years later.  Worth the reread!!!"
A classic. Flawless writing that dtaws you in.
"It had been years since I had read this book.  I had a huge urge to reread it before I read Harper Lee's second book.  I was not disappointed!Growing up in New Mexico,  I did not know much about prejudice against Blacks.  I was in my twenties when I lived in the South and saw this disgrace.Ms. Lee did a wonderful job describing that time era through the eyes of a child!"
Classic!!! Good book though
"You know I was supposed to read this book in high school, but never did. I had no idea what I was missing. A great story about one man's plight for his client's equality."
good read
"Finally got around to reading this one, enjoyed it! Will have to watch the movie now to see how it is."
A perfectly refreshing e-book! Enjoying it very much!
Good book for kids knowledge
"Book came exactly as described. Also, a very great read."
This is a wonderful book. I loved reading it. I found it hard to put down when I was reading it.
...about the pernicious effect of all bigotry.  through the eyes of a child hypocrisy is exposed and injustice is mourned.
"I waited more than half a century to read this. It was worth the wait. Timeless, deeply moving, brilliant, simple."
Excellent book once you get into itFlew through it
"What can I say, along with many others, this is one of my all time FAVORITE books!"
AAA+++  Great old classic
Missed out on readying this in High School....really enjoyed it!
"I had never read this book although I had heard about it and I also saw the movie many years ago.  I decided it was well past time to read the book and thought that I should wade my way through it for the sake of form.  But I couldn't put it down.  So well written, so personal, so enlightening of a an almost forgotten age in America."
I could read this book over and over. (always read the words of Atticus in the voice of Gregory Peck)
I am only through a few chapters. Interesting but will take a while to complete because I am reading so many books.
"This book is a classic.  I enjoyed reading it again, and would recommend it to everyone.  what a treat."
A story that never grows old! I have read this book many times and it never grows old. An American classic...
"Excellent read. Atticus Finch was a father/person to emulate. I am looking forward to reading Harper Lee's 'first' work! Again, excellent!"
"I have read the book a number of times, as I think it's close to being one of the best American novels.  I forgot the wonderful use of language and that Jem played a more involved part in the story.  When I read this novel, I can feel the thick, moist air of a southern night in August."
"Like ""Catcher In The Rye"", the only book written by J.D. Salinger, who became a recluse after one classic novel, Harper Lee wrote a masterpiece in 1960 detailing life in deep southern Alabama in 1935, and the way folks lived and viewed each other, especially between whites and blacks.  I am a Johnny-come-lately to this book, having just finished it for the first time, and I am sorry I overlooked it all these years.  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" was an incredibly brave book to write and publish, and the story of extreme racial prejudice and the outcome of that type of society was chillingly accurate, and in some places not outdated even 65 years after its release.  What strikes me the most is how the story as seen through the eyes of the tomboy Scout, Jean Louise Finch, and her relationship with older protective brother Jeremy, whom she refers to as ""Jem"" and Dill, the friend who visits the town of Maycomb ever summer.  She is very observant, worries about her father, an attorney chosen to represent a black man charged with rape in the face of much ire by the community.  It is while reading this book I couldn't help but wonder if John Grisham took more than a slight stylistic cue from Lee.  His tales often take place in poor Mississippi and have a lot of the same racial divides wrapped around other stories.  The prose is delightful, sometimes very funny, but disturbing as it deftly and accurately gives the reader a vivid look at Depression-era America, Maycomb, Alabama in particular.  I can see why fans of this novel may be disappointed that Harper Lee didn't write anything else except one other book that at long last will be published in July, 2015, featuring many of the same characters.  The legendary status of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is deserved, perhaps because Lee didn't try to top it, at least until now.  This book is one of the best in American literary history, and belongs in the home of all people who deplore racism and hatred of any kind."
Keen insight to our predjudices. Not only in the 60's but for current times.
Great!
Harper Lee tells her story through the eyes of a 5-10 year old precocious little girl. The southern monikers and observations in this isolated hamlet in Alabama are hysterically funny. Harper clearly had personal experience in this day and age depicted in the book. I loved it. PS. The book is better than the movie.
Beautifully written
"One of the best writers I have ever experienced. I was distraught when the book ended, I wanted more."
No problem ordering it..The price for this pocketbook is reasonable.  The shipment is free.  It is great.
Still relevant. . A great read .
"This was my second time to read this book.  I first read it many, many years ago.  I wanted to reread it before Go Set a Watcman comes out.  I am so glad I did so.  I enjoyed as much, or more, as the first time."
"I read this in high school, and enjoyed it then; even as a dumb teenager it delivered a strong message to me about the world we live in and how things aren't always fair.  I'm in my fifties now, and just read it again.... it still packs the same powerful images, and it evokes emotions and raises issues that we all need to examine from time to time in our lives.  A classic that is truly timeless."
"Although this book was set in the 1930's, it's message is timeless. The prejudice of society remains as hypocritical as ever.  The innocence of Scout' s point of view renders this work the masterpiece it is.'"
"Each and every line paints a picture of lives and thoughts so clear, readers feel every joy and sorrow of the story like rain on your face."
"I've now read this book three times, once in my teens, again in my twenties, and now at 52. Like all great books, I have taken something new from it each time I've read it. There is so much to be learned from this book. It's told from the perspective of Scout Finch, a young girl who is somewhere between 7-9 years old.When Harper Lee wrote this semi-autobiographical book, I'm not sure that she set out to make it part court room drama, part young adult fiction, and part lesson in humanity. When I read TKAM as a teenager when it was a school assignment, I begrudgingly started it and quickly became lost in the story. It was Young Adult fiction before that type of literature had a label. The story was compelling and the perspective of young scout was a blend of childish thoughts and dialog mixed with mature and ""wise beyond her years"" insight.When I read the book in my twenties, I was able to relate to the social issues touched upon in the book. I was outraged along with Scout and Jem as Tom Robinson was discriminated against in a court of law simply because of his skin color. I could see the beginnings of the Civil Rights movement through the eyes of the Finch's even at this pre-World War II time period.No, in my early 50's, I realized that I am Atticus Finch. I have a daughter who is slightly younger than Scout as she appears in the book. Scout views her 50 year old father as old and not able to participate in activities with her and her brother. This made me wonder if my six year old views me the way that Scout viewed Atticus. It really made me think and it made my relationship with the book change completely. I went from the headstrong Jem/Scout type mindset in my teens and twenties to a more sedate mindset in the personage of Atticus. I could see myself advising my children to be patient and wait for issues to resolve themselves instead of charging ahead blindly. What a revelation. It made me fall in love with the book all over again.Now, as Harper Lee prepares to release her 2nd book in July, I am both excited and nervous. I want it to be as good as TKAM, but I question how it could ever be. I will be reading it the day that it comes out and I recommend that you re-read this classic first and then read the new book."
Never read this in school.  Now I see why it is often required reading. I wish I would have read it sooner.
A must read and especially before her next book comes out in April.
Great book!
"Classic, reading this again, after not having read it for many years was great.  It brought back so many memories, I really enjoy Harper Lee's writing style. She is so descriptive, I love how she wrote about a church lady in the book ""Mrs. Merriweather played her voice like an organ:""  That is creative writing."
"Children, great-grandparents, and everyone in between need to read this book!  Pathos, drama, laughter, tears, fear, suspense, and uneasy resolutions -- just like real life -- it's all here in this masterfully  crafted novel by Harper Lee."
"Can't believe I never read this before now!  Wonderful writing, couldn't put it down."
I loved it the book was absolutely fantastic and I would read it over and over if I had the time
I had to read this book for school and i really enjoyed it. The book i in a little girls point of view and it is very interesting to see a child's point of view on segregation. I think this is an awesome book for adults and teens or even preteens to read.
Re-read for book club. Still just as great as it was the first time! One of my all time favorites. Good to re-read before the next book is released.
Read this book in high school but re-reading it meant much more to me. Recommend it highly for young adults
"As advertised, fast shipping"
In anticipation of the long awaited release of her new novel I decided to reread this book. What a treat that was! The last time I read this book was1971 . I loved it then and loved it more now. As a young student I was mesmerized by the story but as an adult I appreciated every word and turn of phrase. What a shame Ms. Lee didn't write more books
"As a published Author, I read the book with great interest and enjoyment until the abrupt end which I found to be quite unsettling."
Looking forward to book club's discussion. Character descriptions were enhanced from having seen the movie. Scout was the perfect one to tell the story from her viewpoint.
The novel of our generation and the last.  A must read for every literate person. It is the only novel that I have read twice
"I remember parts of the movie.  I decided, since, it is in the news lately, I would read the book.  Wow I great book!!  It is a good book on small southern towns and growing up.  I can't wait to read the next book."
I read this again for the first time in 20 years after hearing the news of Mrs. Lee's release of a new novel. I enjoyed it very much.
Fabuous books so worth reading
I just thoroughly enjoyed this novel.  Great lessons and a great plot.  Saw the ending coming but it didn't ruin anything.  What a great writing style.
As satisfying as it was 50 years ago. Revisiting was catching up with an old friend and liking them even more.
Amazing :D
"Great read! Captivating, sad, funny and heart warming all in one."
Slow read and lots of flowery descriptive words Indicative of the time and place.  But amazing insight into that era.
I didn't want it to end.
Always a favorite of mine!  A story of racism told from a child's perspective.
Loved the book the second time around. It was required reading when I was in highschool and don't remember enjoying it like I did this time.
"Thought provoking, timeless.... Great read as we try to understand our world, the unrest and our responsibility to make a difference."
As as good as before.
Every high school student should see this movie!
Couldn't put the book down! This was a very well-written story.
"Read this as a teenager, but enjoyed reading it again. Understand a lot more now."
Great book.  One to read again in a few years.  bw
"I found it slow paced and a bit boring at times.  I chose the book based on a recommendation as  I had never read this ""classic""."
He best and most overlooked book of a generation. A great new book awaits and what better way to set the stage.....
"Great book, reading a lot of the classics now and this was no disappointment. Would recommend to readers of all ages."
I won't bore anyone by giving a book report.  Suffice it to say that this is the best book ever.  An essential read for anyone who claims to be a Southerner.
"The literary work itself is definitely five stars.  The truths revealed to the children are soaked up like sponges, and in this day of continued racial discord have lessons for all that could make life so much more hopeful for anyone of any race or belief.  I would have given this a five-star rating but for the continuing problems with the methods used to convert text to e-text, and the number of typos still to be found.  It is a little jarring to suddenly find a ""the"" or a ""to"" where a ""them"" should be, etc.  It is easy enough to read through, of course, but this many years into the e-text process I'm surprised that this problem has yet to be solved.  Hire me!  I'll be happy to proofread before things go to press!I look forward to the release of ""Go Set A Watchman""."
Enjoyed the book more now than when I had to read it in high school.  It is a great read.
None
This has been my favorite book and film since the 1960's!
I haven't read it since I was in the 6th grade. It was a big part in shaping who I am today. I could really identify with Scout. Re reading it now brought back a lot of memories.
The book was in terrible condition. I had to throw it out.
Great book.
Love it
I had forgotten the story from High School.  It was fun to remember.
A must read book for everyone who wants to understand life in the Southern States of U.S.A.
I had read the book  years ago and have  also seen the movie  but I had forgot  a lot of  it. It was  better than I  rembered.
Beatifully written. This book has stood the test of time and remains a relevant and worthy read. One of the few books I look forward to reading again.
Excellent!
"After having read Harper Lee's novel in my high school years, this read (at age 66) was a delightful re-discovery. She makes an important statement about life, human beings, and equality for all."
Wonderful classic!! Just finished reading it to my granddaughter.
"I'm old to be reading this now...I should have read To Kill a Mockingbird years ago! It was nothing like I expected, but I had no idea what it would be about. What a wonderful book! I enjoyed it immensely and will be reading it again."
Excellent read! Hard to believe I had lived 71 years and had never read it.
Read it once before and it still keeps me turning the pages
"Beautify written in a slow, Southern fashion.  I didn't want it to end because the characters are so good.Perhaps the new novel will bring them all back to life."
"Everyone should read this book again for a reminder of how it really was in 1935 so that we can face how it is today. We have come so far, yet there are still remnants of the same thoughts in our society today. I cried at the reminders and resolved to do my part to have us move beyond them today."
"Required reading in high school.  Re-read this classic to refresh myself and now have a greater appreciation for this book's relevance. I can't wait for the release of ""Go Set a Watchman""."
Clearly a classic...slightly predictable.
"I was so glad to finally read this book.  I saw the movie when it first came out.  I was just a young teen and too wrapped up in myself tounderstand that civil rights were only granted to white men.  But this is not just about race.  It's a beautifully written story of love, understandingand acceptance.  Atticus Finch and his two children draw us into their daily lives in a small southern town.  Atticus, a rather distant but lovingfather, accepts his children for who they are -- ornery, smart and little left of center.  Their adventures and misdeeds add a humor to what couldhave been a heavy read.  All the characters were so well defined that by the end of the book I felt a personal attachment to them.  The book was way better than the movie or maybe since I'm several decades older, I have a better understanding of the issues it covered.  Atticus with hisdry wit and wisdom helped with that understanding."
"This was a re-read for me but after many years it was like new and I loved it. We do not have books like this anymore and how nice to sit down and experience a novel of this quality. I read for relaxation, but it has to be worth my time. I can 't wait for Ms. Lee's new book!"
came as expected
"A powerful, beautifully written story."
Always loved it. Wanted to read again.
"I just re-read this book and loved it as much as I did as a child.Scout reminds me so much of my own childhood and feelings about school.  Reading and writing before I started to school got me the same negative reactions.  I was sure I would grow old and die before those other kids learned to read!It was shocking to read the racial words and about the practices that we don't use in our politically correct times, but it was people like Atticus who began to practice and teach equality."
"What can I say, it's a classic!"
"Told in the simple language of an 8 year old this is story of deep faith and belief in the basic goodness of people in all walks of life. Set in the deep south, it is heartbreakingly famliar to many of us."
"Excellent read, don't know how I've never read it before. Can't wait for the next book to be released."
"Loved this book. I read in high school but appreciated it much more as an adult. This is a fantastic book. If you have never read it, I highly recommend it."
Excellent book don't know why I never read it before
Great book
"This is the third time I have read it...it just keeps getting better with each reading,"
One of the best books ever written.  Something for everyone. WONDERFUL AND TIMELESS.
I am probably one of the oldest readers on record to have just read this book.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and I'm looking forward to reading the new (old) book by Harper Lee tht will be out soon.  Virginia
"I couldn't remember ever reading this, so decided I needed to. So Good! Why do we treat others so poorly? Not only is this great historical fiction, it also teaches a fine lesson in humanity."
Wonderful !
Loved it! I'm sure I read it in school but didn't remember many things.
"Really excellent, wish I had read it years ago"
"Out of all the Novel's I have read, I rank this in my top 3, as number 1. It is an enthralling and vivid story about her childhood.It is such an extraordinary piece of art; telling it from a child's view, and kept me so interested that I hated to put it down.So looking forward, and hopefully, Lee's other book is published.  She is Ingenious."
Wonderful storyTo bad I waited 50 years to read it.
Loved it!!!
"Loved it, wish I had read it when I was in school!"
I never had to read this in high school and I feel like I missed out.  This book is well written and is a great commentary of society back in the day.  I would recommend this to anyone.
"It was the first book I ever read that I could not put down (that was 32 years ago), and after reading again I can see why.  It's just wonderful."
Love this novel. How I wish the author had written more.  I can't wait for the publication of the other book that was written first.  This is such a touching story and really made more so by telling it through the eyes of a child.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is historical fiction. This book is focused on the time period of the Great Depression, and is much more than just a book about a man who was wrongly accused. At this time there were still quite a few places that were very segregated, and incredibly unfair to the black community. This is a story of people who were both able and unable to forget their differences and come closer together.  It is a story that shows you just how cruel the world can be. ​​I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good read, and an emotional roller coaster. This book has so many ups and downs that at times you just cannot stop reading while at others it is almost impossible to look at the page. Reading this book gives you a new perspective into the possible lives of African Americans and the Whites that were close friends or even lovers. It brings an understanding of just how important it is to sympathize with someone even in the hardest of circumstances. This is a book that can change the way you look at life and make you a better person."
"A classic worth the reading. A great picture of America back in those days. Go for it, won't regret it"
I read this years ago in high school and decided to read it again.  A whole new perspective after years have gone by and I think I enjoyed it more the second time since it was not required reading.
"I read 'mockingbird"" as a teen.  It is even better the second time around.  Scout's ""voice"" is priceless.  Cannot wait to read the the newly published book by Harper Lee."
"one of many classics that I had not read enjoyed this book, would not want to read again but all in all 3 stars"
Loved it! I can see why it's a classic!!
Great book
Still a great book even after so many years.
Just Wonderful!  Sorry I waited so long to read.
Excellent
Very Good better than the movie
Great Classic
Great read!
Wonderful to read the classics. Everyone should renew their first readings.
The best.
"I am reading this in ELA right now, and let me just say, this is one of the greatest book's I have ever read. And thats alot to say especially if your 13 like me. I am on chapter 24 in class right now. I loved the beginning, the midde, and now, I'm reading the end. I highly recommend you get this book. It is boring ar first but it gets very interesting."
It's no wonder this book is a literary classic. poignant and relevant even in our times. Can't wait to read her next book
"I've always wanted to read this and a kid, but never got the chance to. When I finished, I really enjoyed the book."
I knew when I finished the book I would feel a sense of loss because it was over. This was perhaps the best book I've ever read. How I made it 45 years without hearing how good this book truly is amazes me. The colorful way Harper Lee draws out the characters and the happenings of Maycomb County is poetry.
A very interesting period piece.
Great story about the innocence of children who can see right from wrong despite the society they live in. See why it's a modern classic
Wonderful reread!
"So, I may be the only person in the world that didn't read it until I was older.  I think that that was a great thing because I could understand the cultural references much better.  I really enjoyed the perspective of Scout and the view that children have on the world, especially when it comes to differing races, economic backgrounds, and oddly enough lineages. This book has a great way of showing us that these things are all passed down ideals that we are not born with. Adult created ideals to hinder others and falsely prop up oneself."
I am 27 and it's my first completion of this story. Tears welled up in the final chapter. What a beautiful story. I am glad I wasn't assigned to read it in high school so I could truly appreciate its message now. Highly recommended.
"I'm 72 years old but I had never read this book.  I can certainly understand its appeal.  It takes place in 1935 in a Southern small town.  Atticus is an attorney who is the father of Scout, a girl, and Jem, a boy, four years older.  Scout is the narrator of the story.  Boo Radley lives next door and although he is a grown man, Scout and Jem have never seen him, and they are immensely curious about why he never comes outside.  Atticus is defending a black man accused of rape and back in that place and time, there is no way a black man, no matter how innocent, will get a fair trial.  The story of the Finch family from the viewpoint of a very precocious little girl is fascinating, entertaining and thought provoking.  A wonderful book!"
Can't wait to read her other book. Is a wonderfully descriptive tale of life in the South 80 years ago and it captures your heart and your imagination
I loved this book. I now see why high school students are still given this book to read. The themes are timeless and the plot is sadly relevant.
"So..I'm a gamer. And I've been trying to get out more and do stuff that I usually don't do. So I asked my best friend what's a good book I should read,and she told me this book. And I can definitely say,if u don't read,you are definitely missing out on reading a treasure like this!"
Even though I read this book years ago I enjoyed it as fit it were a first reading. I couldn't put it down!
So glad I finally read this modern classic.. I laughed. I cried. A great coming of age story where a child starts to understand that people are hard to understand.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a historical fiction novel that takes place in the 1930's based off a life of a little girl. The main character Scout is seen with innocence of the world through out the novel. Scout discovers the cruelty of the world when she witnesses her father lose a case to defend a black man accused of rape were her innocence is taken away from her. The book is a decent read for those who enjoy sine childish humor. The novel also teaches about how women were always expected to act feminine, and that African-Americans were always treated with disrespect accurate to the time. One thing I didn't enjoy from the novel is the lack of information about a character named Bob Radley. He becomes a very important character in the end with little explication and I'd like to have known more about him."
I read this book in high school and have read it many times since. It's full of adventure. I will read it again someday
Good story. Held my interest to the end. Story of a different time and place. Characters were interesting and real.
"This is a great book. I despised it at first, then some chapters just sprung up and I loved them. I am particularly fond of the last chapter. I wish luck to Harper Lee as she releases her second novel soon."
I had never read this book until now and now feel saddened it took me so many years!  I am 85 years old so can relate to a lot of the history.  Have we progressed far enough from Scout's lifetime?  Everyone should ask themselves this.
"I saw the film version of this work over 50 years ago. Enjoyed the film a lot, as I recall. I thoroughly enjoyed the read this trip. I relived many of my own childhood experiences in reading this story, recalling so many things lost. I am grateful. I think the author's skill is obvious in its simplicity, easily capturing the essence of the time of the story.  I really enjoyed this book. I am again humbled witnessing how ignorant simple, honest folks can be."
"After all the hype of Harper Lee releasing a new book, I realized I was one of the few that wasn't required to read this book in high school. I thought it was excellent and now wish it had been on our list. Of course I probably wouldn't have appreciated it then as much as I do now."
This book was on my son's summer reading list.  He read it for school and I read it for fun.  I am not going to review the story itself - just this paperback.  It is a good size for a paperback and the print is large enough to enjoy.  We will hang on to this book for future reads.
"It was very interesting,and thought provoking.I liked the ending.I liked it that Boo was their ""guardian angel"" during most of it."
Loved having a second go at this book!  Fun new words to research not being from the South.  Scuppernong??I will try to never kill a mockingbird!
This I is one of the most stunning books I've read. And now I know why it's considered a classic!
"I had read this book many years ago, but hearing there might be a second book, prompted me to read it again.  Loved the story, loved the characters, loved the morals.  I recommend a reread for everyone."
"The story holds your interest, and easily guides through twists and turns nearly believable.  Drawn to read it by news story of release of a ""sequel"".  Enjoyed the experience."
"One of our all time favorites !! Book, in new like condition:)"
"The book content is excellent, I wanted to re read it and wanted a copy for my library.  It arrived today, and it is the worst quality hardcover book I have ever purchased for $30, actually for any price.  The printed pages look like they were photocopied, on cheap paper, cheap hardcover, generally cheap feel all the way around.  It is apparent this was rushed into print to take advantage of the possibility of folks like me wanting to re-read this classic before Harper Lee's ""found"" novel is released.  I'm sorry I fell for it."
A plus!
Boring
I recommend this to everybody. It is such a good story! Definitely one of my favorite books. I would read it again.
"I couldn't recall reading this book, which would have been in the 50 's, but when I saw the first paragraph it came back to me immediately! I couldn't put in down"
Thanks
I really liked the book but it is difficult to understand the ending.
"Classic, amazingly good. Reading it again is as good as the first time. Cannot wait until lee's next book comes out in July ."
I can not imagine it being any better.
Loved this book. Classic!
Loved  forty years ago.  Even better the second time.
One of the best books I have ever read !!
Great book.  Causes one to really think about prejudice and biased feelings.  I recommend it to anyone who wants to read it.
Best book I ever read!!
"I am fascinated with works that hit the nail on the head the first time out: scientific investigators awarded on their first R01 or novelist who win the Pulitzer on their debut novels. Harper Lee comes to mind (not as a scientist) but as a novelist who poured so much of her experience into a topic she tackled with great mastery. TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD touches on race relations in the Deep South. Being a southerner, it is a topic I can identify with though it seems that these things stretch even to Missouri and as far west as Cali. Folks are seen differently based on the tone of their skin. However, Harper Lee looks not only at the dynamic between black and white; she also looks at caste differences—people who Aunt Alexandria would tell Scout Finch were beneath their family and it didn’t matter that they were white. The Ewells and Cunninghams were not to be mingled with. The Negroes should stay in their place and be thankful for the scraps they receive. And if change was in the air, then it would come with great debate and challenge. But there was also an undertone in the novel that not all affluent people held those beliefs. Some believed that change would come, only at the hands of the very brave and dedicated and only at the risk of tarnishing their social standing.I believe I read this novel in school. If I did, it was probably with the aid of Cliff Notes. To my shame, I was never a big reader in grade school. Loved taking short cuts. Yes, the Cliffs told you what the book was about. And they even touched on themes; however, the Cliffs did not—could not—tell me how to feel about the words that were painstakingly written over the course of years. The notes could not bring out inspiration. There was no voice in them. No reason sought through them. But as I actually read Harper Lee’s timeless classic, the emotions and direction abounded as I paired this work against our current position in the world, not just in the Southern United States. At this point in time as an avid reader and author, I delve into the heart of books to find out how I feel, what moves me to act, what fascinates me. I enjoy, now, looking into the history of the author, as is the case with Harper (the recluse who hasn’t released a work since MOCKINGBIRD, though GO SET A WATCHMAN is on the horizon). Delving into the meat of a work to go far beyond the words and into the very spirit of what inspired those words. It is indeed fascinating."
great book
Very enjoyable book.
What can I say about a book that is an American Classic? Harper Lee writes eloquently & her realistic portrait of this period of American history gives you a very realistic view of this time.  Please take the time to enjoy this book - I promise you will treasure this book as I have for the past 45 years.  This is a book that  should be a must read for every teenager / adult in the United States of America.
Excellent read. Difficult to put down until finished.
"One of America's great books. I bought it with my own money in a grade school book program. The teacher warned me I might not understand it.I did not, but I figured it out. Racism and ignorance ruined lots of lives.Harper Lee brings Southern characters to life. Atticus Finch remains one of my heroes. It took me many years to realize that racism and ignorance come in all colors. Sad, but racism is now part and parcel of our current government. The White House and Justice Department have bought the Country back to the divided days of the ""Jim Crow"" South."
If only we could all be as wise and understanding as Atticus Finch the world would be a better place.
"Excellent book, one of my most favorite novels. Harper Lee did a great job at writing a story that attracts the mind of an avid reader."
"Reading this book causes one to reach into ones memories to recall whether ones own thoughts are equally fair to all people regardless of cultural differences. All people regardless of status or lack thereof need to treat one another with care and respect. The power and will to do so can be found through the example of Jesus Christ who humbled Himself that He would take the punishment for our sins upon Himself and die for Each of us.  The Church is called to be an example of Gods love and grace to all those we meet each day not as it is portrayed in these circumstances.  There is a lesson for all people in all religious, political and economic situations. One is best served by not dwelling on the past but focusing on the lessons Atticus taught his children."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic that should be required reading in all schools. The characters come alive beneath the talented story telling of Harper Lee. Two young children, growing up in the south during the depression, are shaped by the lives and current events of those around them.I really enjoyed this story and strongly recommend it to others."
A towering work. Life as seen through the eyes of a child. A story as fresh todayAs when written.
the book is really marked up.
As old as I am I had never read this classic book. I am so glad I now have. What a wonderful heartfelt book. I wanted it to go on and on.
"Didn't consider reading this until NPR mentioned it. After all this time, not really sure what the fuss is all about. I'm 47 and I should have read this as a child. Never got around to it, until now. Nice story."
Masterpiece. I am not a native speaker so it is not easy to write my feeling in detail. sorry for short review. This book is a masterpiece itself.
"SIXTY SIX and reading it for the first time, why did I wait so long.  WONDERFUL LIFE LESSENS.  The more we change the more we stay the same.  DON'T WAIT SIXTY SIX YEARS TO READ IT."
"Finally after years of wondering, when would this book be available on kindle, if I could give this book a zillion stars I would  it's my favorite book of all time.I have gifted so many,people of all ages this book and now that it's on kindle at this nominal price I can continue to do so.I like all lovers of this classic will be looking forward to reading the sequel toThis classic will be  available on kindle as well as, book format entitled , Go get aWatchman."
Over all this was a very well written book. But since I am fairly young some of the things that went on and some of the words were slightly confusing.
excellant price. speedy delivery. like new condition.  I really enjoyed reading the book. I've seen the movie several times.  the book is more descriptive.
I don't know why I waited so long to read this book but I'm so glad I did. An incredible work and a gift to read.
Good read.  Little long in parts.  Waited 54 yrs to read this book.  Did not disappoint.  Will read the sequel now.
"I had never read this book in school as a kid. All these years later, and with the other book coming out soon, I decided it was time. It's a wonderful book! So many life lessons..."
I don't recall reading this in school! I'm so glad I decided to pick it up! It's a classic and a great read!
I am so glad I read this book! I can't wait for the next one and am sad there won't be any more by Harper Lee!
Harper Lee wrote an American Classic that everyone should read.  Since the sequel is coming out this summer I am rereading to prepare.  I cannot wait to read her new book!
Excellent
"Some ""must-read"" literature seems outdated and a chore to read through. This one is not. A very enjoyable read, and highly suggested."
"I wanted to read ""to kill a mockingbird"" again before Harper Lee's "" Watchman"" is released.  Her writing sends you to maycomb county in the hot summer."
"I saw the movie, years ago but never read the book.  So glad, it is truly a masterpiece!"
"A classic it's message still meant as much to me now as it did as a teen reading it. I wish everyone could read this book, I had forgotten how much this book taught me."
Perhaps the greatest American novel. Harper Lee is a national treasure - as is her book.
Absolutely one of the greatest of the American novels. Was one of my favorite movies and the book is even better
"Loved this book.  The point of view is that of the young girl ""Scout"" and is interesting to see the story unfold through the eyes of a child.  Surprises abound among the pages and I won't ruin the mystery for you.  I don't say this often but this is a must read."
"My husband is really enjoying this book, lots of laughs!"
Several pages and chapters were missing. The last printed page was glued to the back cover.
"I'll go ahead and say it: I was expecting this novel to be a courtroom drama. For those who are looking for one... IT IS NOT A COURTROOM DRAMA!That doesn't go to say that I wasn't pleasantly surprised by what I found when I turned the first page.As more of a coming-of-age story, I found myself thoroughly thrilled by, not only seeing a story set in the 1930s, but seeing it told through the eyes of a child. It is beautifully written and has a naivety that is more than endearing.So, why only four stars? Unfortunately, Harper Lee has a tendency to babble. It's not extreme, but sometimes it will be for ten (out of three hundred) pages, and it could be a ltitle distracting. Though it's not entirely her fault––the writing style has aged, no matter how well.This month a sequel was announced, and I'm VERY excited about it."
"This is a classic, that is all I have to say about that!"
great read
"I read this years ago, just wanted to bone up for the sequel."
"I am getting ready to read Harper Lee's new book in July by reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  Just because I have seen the movie at least twelvetimes, it is exciting to read the book.  There is a lot in the book that is not in the movie."
"Haven't read this book for many years, but when I heard that Harper Lee was releasing another book after so many years, I want to refresh my memory of this great read before I get to read her next one"
In my mind... one of the greatest stories ever told.
Book never gets old.  Every line makes you want to read the next.  Beautiful story and character development.  Can't wait to read her next book.
"I really loved this book! I'm kind of sad that it's over already! I would definitely recommend this book to my best friend! Shut out to us, cup 'm cake! <3"
Several parts of this narrative reminded me of my carefree childhood growing up in the Caribbean. Sad story line about the black man.
"The best book ever and the best movie ever. The personalities of the children and how the father Atticus interacts with them is so realistic, human and sometimes just entertaining. I would give it 10 Stars."
"Thanks! Fast shipping, excellent condition"
not a good book very lack luster not manny true good moment's that you  fell like you want to read again. a few good subject's based off of that in that time blacks were harassed just because of there skin color no matter what it was about. Also of good morals going above and beyond what you needed to to just to do what you believe in no matter what happens to you giving my review of this book a 2 out of 5. could have been better.
Brought back memories from high school when I was required to read it. Still a great book. It shows the struggle that still goes on today!!
Love it!
This was a gift.
This is a great story!
"Great product, just as described!"
I can't believe how a story written in sixties is still relevant in the twenty first century. I never read this book in school I saw the movie. It is so much better than the movie. The issue of racism is handled in a matter of fact way. Unfortunately it's part of our past and unfortunately it will be part of life for a while. It is getting better but is no where it should be.
"A classic!  Although I have seen the movie many, many time, I had never read the book.  A great read.  Am looking forward to Harper Lee's new book coming out."
What a great book. It was wonderful to see what it was like in the south back then. Some of the ways were detestable and some comical. I love the classics and this is a must read.
"I really enjoyed this book.It makes me angry to see how  black people were treated in those days.I loved the ending!  Scout is my favorite character.  It was good to finally read the book behind the movie, not a disappointment."
"This book is perfect.  The characters live and breathe, and dwell a few blocks away. I have a 1960 edition of the book (copyright date)  and have read it probably 30+ times.  As a published author myself, I am in awe of Ms. Lee's art.  I have already ordered ""Go Set a Watchman"", and if that book is good as ""Mockingbird"" our great-grandchildren will also be reading that one.  My only sorrow is that I cannot personally thank Ms. Lee for giving us such a gift."
"A classic, a very easy and enjoyable read. Scout and Jem' s adventures draw you in from the first turn of the page. A very vivid picture of the south in the 30's."
"great story, cant wait for her next release"
CLASSIC~ I have re-read this lovely story over the years since I was in my early teens and always learn something new from it. I love all the characters and their interactions with each other. I also love the way in which Ms. Lee wrote with such feeling about a subject that was so prominent and also taboo at the same time. I was so happy when I saw her 2nd Book will be published soon. 50+ years later is entirely too long to have made this women wait to have another book published.
Beautifully drawn characters in a story full of the complexities of human understanding and misunderstanding. I love the calm intelligence of Atticus Finch and the impassioned pursuit of understanding by Scout. The perspective of author Harper Lee is extraordinary in the completeness of its view. I can't wait to read her long-delayed second book.
"Heart warming and gut wrenching. TheMovie was one of my all-time favorite, but this book is even more thought provoking."
great for high school readers
incredibly beautiful
"If JD Salinger could have done with ""The Catcher in the Rye"" what Harper Lee does with ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", then ""Catcher"" would have deserved its reputation.This book, all superlatives aside, is brilliant."
Everyone should read it.
Can't wait for the sequel to come out.
A true classic.
Difficult to put the book down.  So well-written.  Wonderful story.
Great book!!!
"I have not read this book since 8th grade and I am now 47 years old.  It was so wonderful to read again and understand so much more. There were so many thing I missed the first time.  If you are like me, please take the time to read it again.  I promise it is worth it."
"As a child this movie was on the top of my viewing favorites, in prep for the prequel I decided to read it..more wonderful than I remembered."
It was great to revisit this masterpiece. Wonderful read.
A classic.
A true classic I enjoyed revisiting and glad I have it to read again if I want to do so.
My high school literature choice 30 years ago.  English is my second language.  I did not fully appreciate it then but I still love it.  I will re~read it.
"Over the years I have seen the movie ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" two or three times but I had never read the book until now.Now I realize how much I had been missing! The book goes into so much detail and you really get tounderstand and know each character so much better, especially Atticus, the father.I highly recommend reading this book if you have only watched the movie, as I did.Now I feel so much closer to the real meaning in the film and so much closer to each character.I did understand the meaning of the film but I did not feel so close to each character as I did in the book."
Captures a child's view of a changing culture.. I missed this growing up because of the school's book ban. That was a shame.
This is one of the best classic books I have ever read and I am looking forward to the manuscript of scout they found as an adult that will be coming out and cant wait to read it.
I have read Mockingbird 21 times.  The reason?  It is one of the three greatest American novels of all time along with Moby Dick and Huck Finn.  It's a stunningly simple story told from the perspective of an 8 year old girl.  The last 30 pages are magical; the most sustained 30 pages in all of literature.  I just got somebody else to read it this week.  I won't be satisfied until everyone has had the joy.  Read it!
Can't wait for the sequel to come out later this year! I am a fan! Great book a must read
Of course I love this book. I studied it in school and have read it for pleasure. This time I purchased it for my husband and me to enjoy as we traveled. It was great. I would never get tired of To Kill a Mockingbird. It is truly a classic. I recommend this form of the book for visually impaired people especially.
"Some how in my growing up, I missed a ton of classic novels!  This is definitely one of them! In many ways this is the south I grew up in in the 60s and 70s!  If you missed it too,!or even if you didn't, it's worth the read!"
"I believe I was in 5th or 6th grade the first time I read this great book.  At that time I thought it was a great ""story"".  Now reading it, I think of the context, those times, the belief set, and I think wow, she taught such a powerful lesson with this book.  How many people reading this story at that time, never considered the persecution occurring in Germany in relation to the persecution happening to their neighbors.  Love and respect to Harper Lee."
"Her southern voice is soothing through some terribly difficult situations. The harsh truths she explores are tempered by a kind understanding of people inhabiting her world. Atticus sees his town through his lawyers eyes but with compassion for the ignorant and sporty stricken,white or black..."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
I can't believe it took me this long to. Read this book. Many very good lessons. Ageless. Look forward to the sequel.
"After hearing the news about a long lost sequel to To Kill A Mockingbird, I decided to read this book again.  Not the same as the movie, of course, but a great read.  The characters are very similar to those in the book.  I really look forward to reading the new book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is storytelling at its absolute best. I can't think of a more perfect book. Honest and poignant, yet warm and hopeful all at once. There's so much I want to say about this book, but I think Scout said it all, or rather, showed us. This is a book that will stay with you for a lifetime."
Lost track of how many times I have traveled back to visit Maycomb. Each time I visit I choose to walk in a different character's shoes. Can't wait for the release of Harper Lee's original  Mockingbird.
Bad.smells like cigarets.
Arrived on time. Sister needed for class.
"Classic and brilliant. I am very wary of the upcoming 'sequel,' but you cannot go wrong with the original."
Great!
One of my all-time favorites!
"A well-written, fast-paced novel which keeps the reader's attention. You can almost feel the setting. You can almost see the characters. You can almost taste the innocence."
"I thought I should read this again before the new book is published. I suspect will say it isn't as good as To Kill a Mockingbird, but I want to know it for myself. Thank you Harper Lee for writing one of the best books of the 20th century. No matter how many times I read it, I continue to be charmed."
SO stoked for the new Harper Lee book coming out this July.
Just a bad read. Spend your time on a better story.
"Am still in the process of reading this book and definitely do NOT remember it from school.  Our book club decided to read a ""classic"".  Am very glad they did!!"
Great price for such a quality read!!!
"I read this on a flight from San Francisco to Beijing.  It was much better this time than 45 years ago in Jr. High.  Now that there is another Harper Lee that continues on in ""Scout's"" life, it just makes it that much better for my collection."
"One of my all time favorite books.  It's one that I keep going back to; this particular edition was bought for my teenager, who has also fallen in love with the book."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
FYI: this is not a how to manual.
"As an immigrant, reading this book was an invaluable history lesson, it makes you understand how we became who we are now."
It was amazing! :)I thought that the ending had such a twist that I wanted the book to have more chapters.
"This book is a masterpiece. It is extremely well written and a wonderful character study. There's also so much deep food for thought. When you finish it, you'll be tempted to immediately start it all over again."
"In the historical fiction novel To Kill A Mocking Bird Scout Finch lives with her older brother Jem and father Atticus in Maycomb, Alabama during the Great Depression. Scout lives a normal life playing like kids do, messing around with the scary neighbor until one day her father Atticus who is a lawyer is assigned to a case defending a black man accused of rape. Once word gets out about the trial Scouts life is no longer normal. I throughly enjoyed the book, I liked the plot, characters, and the perspective. Overall the author did a great job however, he wrote a traditional courtroom drama mixed with a racial tragedy but if you like that kind of stuff then this is a great book for you. Scout the main character changed a lot through the book, she started out as a little kid but she grew up through the trial experiencing many different things. Like Scout I learned a lot, I learned that there was no mercy by people, their nature was innately evil and there was a zero tolerance for blacks and saw a side of their true nature. I would recommend this book it's a great read and a classic and a lot of people have read this book so it's a great thing to have in common with people."
A book that teaches you more about life and empathy then anyone else.
One of the best novels in American Literature.
"Kind of boring until like chapter 7 but overall this book was amazing and shows how in life there will always be three kinds of people..... people who love, people who fight and people who don't care and the consequences that come with it."
"Who am I to write a review for a book like this ? A CLASSIC MASTERPIECE, to read slowly, to think, to learn,"
Glad I finally read it though I have no clue what happened. Good luck figuring it out for yourselves. It was like reading in circles.
I would recommend this book to all parents. attiicus finch is all we yearn to be as father and Scout and Jen as kids.
It makes me think if the 30's were any safer than today.  Maybe we are simply better informed today and realize how dangerous this world we live in.
My favorite book.  Have read and re-read.  Gave as a Christmas gift this year to my 14 - year old niece.  Wonderful book.  Every time I read it I notice something new.
Great masterpiece
"Scout, Jem and Atticus Finch live in the deep South..Attics a single father and lawyer raising his two children.Share in the mystery of this wonderful classic.A story everybody should have the chance to read"
A classic. A study of human nature through the eyes of a young girl as within her immediate neighborhood a wrongly accused man is defended by the girl's father. 1930's Alabama USA
Great writing and wonderful story.  So fitting for the things we are now experiencing.  Harper Lee genius.I read this for my book club and cannot wait to discuss it.
"This book is beautifully written and has a sweet ending. If you haven't already read it, you really need to."
"Somehow I never was assigned this book in school and for years have known that I had really missed something in my education. Maybe as a school assignment, reading this American treasure would be a mistake, but every American should be encouraged to read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD."
good
One of those books you can't put down and one that never leaves you.  Will read it again and again and never tire of this incredible story.
My 9th grade daughter had to annotate 'To Kill a Mockingbird' in her English class.  She really enjoyed reading it.
good!
The movie sure follows the story line!
I've seen the movie several times but hadn't read the book. It is beautifully written and even knowing the story I could not put it down. I'm so glad I read it as it is wonderfully rich and satisfying.
I love the first person narrative of a young girl who is sooooo smart but still a child.I have read this book many times through my life.  It's one for anyone who can read & use a dictionary.I gave it to both my girls when they left our home to start a life of their own. They still own it after 15 & 16 years
classic
"How I managed to graduate high school and college and not read this, I do not know. From a little girl's point of view, the story of how unfair life was in the deep south between white social castes and black people. It's hard to read, with the language that was common for the day, but shows how hard life really was."
"This book had its moments. There were times when I couldn't let go, but also times were I fell asleep."
"What can I say?  The book is a classic, and rightfully so.  This is my third reading and it's as fresh and delightful as the first.  To offer any additional praise of this wonderful story would be redundant."
There is definitely a reason that this book is considered to be one of the best literary works. It is a fantastic read and so well written. The lessons taught by Atticus Finch are still relevant and resonate in our current society.
"The book is about Atticus Finch and his two children Jeremy 'Jem' Finch and younger sister Jean Louise 'Scout' Finch.  Story is told thru eyes of eight year old Scout Finch in the mid 1930's in Maycomb, Alabama.I really enjoyed this book.  Though some of the language is a bit tough, but that's how people spoke in those days, which helps make feel like you are really there with Scout Finch.I most definitely recommend this book."
This is my most favorite book of all time. I have read it at least 5 times and it never gets old.
I thought I met met someone that didn't like this book. Then I learned that they skimmed parts of the book and skipped the rest.
"Read this book 40 years ago and just finished rereading it. Enjoyed it all over again as a refresher for her newly released ""Go set a Watchman"" book. Can't wait to read it."
Finally found this book at a reasonable price...really enjoyed reading it again.  Thank you for marketing it so it can be read and re-read.
I just completed reading this book finally at 46 years old. It was truly a heartfelt and touching experience. Lee captures a time in the south that I have only experienced through books and film. You can really connect with the innocence of Scout. A must read!!
Classic
Just a great book.
"Once a 5 star read, always a 5 star read. It's one of those books you just have to pick up and read again every so often."
"Classic, and now I know why. I am so glad I read this again, and am amazed at all that happens. Beautifully written, and Wonderfully told."
Love it~
This book is now one of my favorites.
Best Book EVER
Good read
"I believe this was my thirteenth reading of this classic.  The lessons and characters are new every time.  The brilliance of this novel will bring me back to again in the future, I am quite sure."
I'm glad it's over! I don't have any thing else to add except that I can now check it off my list of classics that I want to read.
i ordered this cover and a different one came along with highlighted words in the book
"Delivery was fast, the novel was excellent."
"Excellent book, can't believe I hadn't read it before this!"
"I'm re-reading the book and enjoying it all over again while waiting anxiously for the prequel to be published.  Harper Lee's command of the language, especially the dialect of that time in the South, is instrumental in engaging the reader in the drama of the story.  One could only wish she had written more books and that the book she had never wanted to be published is truly her work.  We'll see."
"I read this in school many years ago. I decided to re read it in anticipation of her ""new"" release that I pre ordered for July. I'm so looking forward to it."
"I was totally captivated by this book, which I knew only by reputation; I was struck by similarities to ""Fried Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Café"" I suppose due to the era that was being written about. I look forward to reading her recently published book with interest."
Fifty years of world opinions and time speaks more for the quality of this book than my humble thoughts ever could.  Incidentally this was the second time I read it.
Awesome read!  Exquisite writing and dramatic storyline.  The best thing I've read in years and an instant favorite!
It is a classic it was an awesome book.
Read it in high school but forgot a lot of it so I decided to read it again. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I recommend the book to anyone.
"Loved this years ago, and more the second time around!!Can't wait for the sequel!!!!"
"Had never read this book even though everyone I knew had. Excellent, thought provoking and sad that this is part of US history."
"One of the few books I was forced to read in school that I actually enjoyed..I still read this book from time to time..it's probably my favourite of all time..the characters, the time, the events are all written so vividly that you just get caught up in everything..the injustice of the trial, the children's adventures at the Radley house.. If you haven't read this..please do so..you won't regret it. Looking forward to the sequel (prequel??) later this year."
I am re-reading this book.  I initially read it in 1963 while I was stationed in Germany.  It is every bit as great as I remember.  It is one of the best novels of our time.
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is superbly written and explores the southern society from many viewpoints."
"This story is written from a childs perspective and I thought it was delightful. It was sad in parts but most enjoyable, I hope her next book is as good."
This was about the fourth time I have read this book and it is still very exciting. Our Book Club just finished it and it received very high marks.
"There are things that I wish Harper Lee had done differently, but there is no denying that this is a great novel, and there are not enough of those. The writing is spare, as good writing often is. Complex social realities are not made simple. Moral ambiguities are not hidden. But there is a powerful portrayal of a community at the front edge of a positive change that only a very few actually wanted, yet they are about to go along with it, dragging their feet, but moving forward. All of this is seen through the eyes of an eight year old girl, a spitfire prodigy who as the story unfolds acquires more and more of her father's passion for compassionate justice. Ah, young Scout would not have been easy to bring up."
"This book along with Grapes of Wrath should be read--by everyone.  I think I've read this novel three times.  Deserves a rating of 5-Stars--5-Diamonds.  Along with the movie Selma-go see, and read."
Best book ever! I have loved since I was 10 years old.  I recommend it to everyone!
"Great read, funny and beautifully written."
Classic! Everybody should read this book.
Never read this as a teen but really enjoyed it. A thought provoking read. A great look into the past of the south
This book is pretty much review-proof.  One of the best books ever written !
great book
I gave these books away as stocking suffers and they were read immediately and given to friends who are reading it as I type.This book is a classic and a must read.
"I bought this a one of those ""must read"" books, but I found it a little slow moving for my taste, although I did enjoy it.  I've never been to the USA (nor was even alive in the 1930s!)  but I felt as if I got a insight into life in Alabama in the 1930s."
Classic
Every bit of this book is amazing. I will read this many more times in my life. Love this book.
"Its a good book but it can be a little confusing at some parts. Its a little slow starting off but once u get about half way through it, it gets good."
"In the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" it makes me believe in the a greater good. I wish I knew how monumental this book would be to my heart. I understand that the audience for this book should be juvenile because of the way the author approached writing this book. I'd give this book a 5 out of 5 on the juvenile level. This book succeeded because of how the author grabbed the readers attention."
This is an amazing read for anyone who can enjoy a good drama and a good coming of age story. This book is very near and dear to me as it was the very first book that I liked reading. I credit this book for helping me overcome by struggle with dyslexia when I was in my Sophomore year in high school. To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a great look at how a great man sticks to his morals as he takes on the duty of defending a black man who has been accused of rape. It showcases how he and his family must endure racism by those who live around them while living in the great depression. If you're even remotely interested in reading this book I recommend you pick it up without further delay. You will not be sorry.
"Even after 50 years, this books shines like few others.  I don't know if it is modern masterpiece, but the story, themes, main characters and benevolent approach to human decency in a difficult time, particularly embodied in the characters of Atticus and Scout, are beautiful and touching like few books I have ever read.  Harper Lee, it has been a true privilege to enter your story, and the world is the better for your novel.  Thank you."
"It's a great classic book. After reading it 10 years ago, I decided to pick it up again and loved it."
"Lovely book, great characters.  Do yourself a favor and just read it."
"One of the greatest 20th century novels ever written.  It is THE ""great American novel""."
I enjoyed the book and I'm glad I took the time to read it. I had heard about the movie and I would love to see it
A classic. What more to be said?  Except the movie is also a must!
"Wonderful author, I really enjoyed this book, it kept me on the edge of my seat. Absolutely the best I have read in awhile."
"Can clearly understand why this is a classic work.I wasn't even close to being around in the 30s, wasn't raised in the South, and was never deprived of anything,...yet Ms. Lee's writing put me right there in the heart of it, and I was suddenly Maycomb kin, born and raised."
"Son needed it for school. Fast delivery, great book! Thank you!"
LOVE!
This book was a gift for my grandson who is an avid reader-the fact that it was a 50th anniversary copy was icing on the cake.
Gifts to granddaughters. They will read it.
Wow!!!
My favorite book.  Thank you Harper Lee for allowing it to be published for ereaders.  I can always have it close at hand and read it over and over.
It is an amazing realistic fiction  story. I liked the slang that the author uses in the most talented way. If your thinking about reading this book or just a good book in particular this is the one.
Awesome what a good read definitely recommend to any reader it was a real joy to read this book !
product arrived fine
"Makes Gone With The Wind look like a cheap soap opera. Which now that I think of it, it is. Not so this wonderful book. Lovely.~ Ann Johnson"
Given as Christmas gift.
I love it! It was so wonderful to read about the relationship this family had. It made me miss my brother....
This is truthfully a book that need to be read by everyone at least once in your life. Very inspirational.
I've only read 1 chapter still but I know the subject of To Kill a Mockingbird and it doesn't fit yet.
Just as described
My husband loved it it was just what he wanted
Classic novel.  Great price!
"What a wonderful step back into the classics.  Having watched the movie numerous times, it was very nice getting all the detail and the real story that the movie didn't provide."
Everything as described
"Loved it-comical, sentimental."
All I need to do is learn to purchase more book.
I had been meaning to read it for a long while and exceeded the expectations! Love all characters!
Second time reading still a wonderful experience.
The best I have ever read and will read. Adore the father daughter relationship and made me miss and love my father more.
Required reading from 10th grade English class.  Good print size and paperback could be marked and highlighted as needed for studying.
"I grew up in a rural area and read To Kill a Mockingbird for Year 10 English.  It was the perfect book for a young adult and opened my mind to important concepts of justice and race.  I always said I would read it again but never did.Many years later while in my early 30's I changed careers and became a teacher.  One day while covering a Year 10 English class I was surprised to see students still studying this text.  I told the students how highly I regarded the book, they cared little.But this time I did read the book again.  I relived all that that I enjoyed the first time as Scout and Jem grow up in Maycombe.  But as I now have children of my own I also found the character of Atticus as he struggles to raise his children, something I could not of appreciated as a fifteen year old.If you want to know how good a book is wait half your life and read it again.  If it's still just as good but you find something new than it's probably something special."
I think everybody should read this book at some point in their life.string messages for adults and kids..love this book!
"I read this book for English class. Most things that we do in there I'm not particularly enthusiastic about, but this book was different. Harper Lee did an excellent job writing from the point of view of a young girl in the deep south, who is competely náive about everything that is going on around her - actually, about most things in life. The book is written in an engaging style that draws you in and makes you want to keep going. (I started the book one afternoon and didn't stop until I was nearly two-thirds of the way through.) In the first chapter, Scout starts right off by telling us that her brother Jem got his arm badly broken, and then does not even allude to it again until the end of the book. Most of the book is the narrative of what happened in the two years preceeding Jems accident.I thought that it was really interesting that there were two different stories that tied together to make the one big story, and that everything started when Dill (my favorite character) decided that they should make Boo Radley come out.I would list this book in my Top 5 All-Time list, without a doubt."
This is a great classic book love it!
"I had never been assigned to read this as a student, but I am glad I decided to read it as an adult"
Needed it for School didn't really care too much.
Such a great book!
"I listened to this on the way from Tucson to San Antonio, driving all night. It was doing a great job of keeping me awake, along with an entire box of generic Oreos, when around the 7th cd or so, when it was really getting good: we were in the coutroom, decisions were going to be made: the cd's just failed. I loved everything about this; Sissy Spacek is great, but I was really let down and had to switch to my CD collection. The problem was with the CD's, not my CD player."
I am really glad I could get this on our Kindle.  I wish it was an audible book so I didn't have to buy ANOTHER version just so my impaired child could listen and read along.  That doubles the price of the purchase for me.
A classic to own!
fast service.A great addition to grand daughter library.
This was a great story.  I wish had had read it in high school.
Amazing book to read and to be hooked on.
A classic that inspires many. It also is timely in the lessons shared.
"I can't believe I am 54 years old and have never read this book before. For someone who loves to read, that is sad. Don't pass up the opportunity to enjoy this enlightening story."
I love this book
Great read for about the 5th time!
My favorite book.  Harper Lee is a great story teller!!  Sissy does a great job reading it!  I have listened to this book dozens of times.  Never get tired of it!
"Such an excellent book! It points out the pointlessness and hypocrisy of most people's prejudices so acutely well!I love the part where the ladies are all sitting around eating the food Calpurnia cooked at one of Aunt Alexandra's tea parties, talking about how awful it was that Hitler was hurting the Jews for no reason while a fellow citizen in their own town (and a close friend of the woman serving them dutifully) was about to get executed for a crime he didn't commit just because of the color of his skin. People are amazingly like that though.. they can recognize how wrong Hitler was for treating people like that and not the wrong in how they treat people."
Awesome
Always a pleasure to reread this one!  Now I just need to watch the movie a dozen more times!  I hope schools still teach this book.
An oldie but still goodie.
needed for school.  The class is reading it and the teacher sends home homework but the book is not allowed to leave the class room.  This is the book that the school is reading as specified on line.  arrived quickly and in great condition
"The characters of each family were locked in to their own small world in that typical southern town and acted accordingly. The depth of their passions were well revealed, enjoyed the book very much."
"4.5 starsTo Kill A Mockingbird was my book club book for this month. I had never read it before and I see now why it is such a classic. It was a great read. It is simple and easy to follow, but written in such a way that it entertained me from the first word until the last. Just a really great story.I was surprised that the story was not as much about black vs white as I had thought going into it. Before reading it I had heard of it of course, but didn't really know the story. I knew there was some talk about race, but I thought that would be most of the story and I didn't think it was. I felt like it was more about people in general and how we treat each other based on various different things, one of them being the color of your skin. Really there is all of the hierarchy of people that everyone is in within their groups. Like Scout couldn't befriend Walter Cunningham because her aunt wouldn't let her. Why? Because he is a Cunningham and Cunningham's are beneath them. They are trash. It was really interesting how it was more about how we treat people in general. Yes, there is the black guy Tom and his trial and that whole racial tension part to it, but it is more than just that. I loved the story.It was interesting as the one lady in book club felt like nothing really happened in the book, nothing really changed. I found that not to be true. This book was written at that time when the people are on the cusp of change. It shows how change happens slowly, it doesn't happen overnight. You keep fighting and you can change things. The jurors took hours to come back with a guilty conviction instead of minutes like it would have been. Sure it is not perfect yet, but it is setting up for the next time when maybe it won't be that they will convict just based on the color of the skin even if the person is obviously not guilty. Feelings are slowly changing and people are starting to think more about the way they are looking at things. Change doesn't happen overnight, but this showed how you can slowly start to influence people and their ways of doing things.Atticus was of course the perfect moral compass. He was always level headed and kind to everyone. He didn't hold grudges and just wanted everyone to be treated equally. He didn't think less of the Cunninghams because they didn't have money, or the black people, or anyone really. He was just a great influence on everyone. He is just that all around good person in the story that if you needed to know if something was right or wrong you could look to him and what he thought. Not that he was really perfect, he did have some slight flaws that I don't even know were supposed to be there. Like his views on women are not 100% equal which I found interesting. Still for the most part he is the person to look to for right and wrong.I am glad it was written in the point of view of a child. It was nice to see how she grew and was influenced by everyone around her. It was nice watching her try and figure out what is right and wrong, how to fit in someone else's skin and see it from their point of view. Really a great read and no wonder it is such a classic. Even though it was written some time ago it still feels relevant today. It is not one of those books where you just can't identify with what is happening and the people of the time because everything is so different. It still works today. Really loved this book and I am glad it was chosen for our book club read this month.This review was originally posted to Jen in Bookland"
Re read this book.loved itSuch a different experience since I read in high scook. Appreciated it more. Definitely recommend
purchased as a gift
"There are really no words to describe this wonderful classic! If you haven't read it, do so!"
Reading this book as an adult with grown children is so much more meaningful than when's read it the first time-- I was just a kid. So glad I read it again. Do yourself a favor and read this book!
"Wonderful book you can re-read over and over. I decided to re-read after Lee announced releasing her new book. It had been years since i read and I can't how much I forgot, but it will always be one of my favorites."
This book was AMAZING. I thought this would be just another boring book the teacher tells us to read but infact it was very interesting. DO RECOMMEND
Life was simple and complex at the same time. Much like life today. This is a classic story. A look back on times of our country when life was simple yet oh so complicated.
"It was all the news about this author's other book, an older one, that will finally be published, that piqued my curiosity. Anyone I asked about it said, ""Didn't you read it in school?""  No I had not. And yes I recommend it to everyone."
I am re reading this because I have  preordered the new book coming out in July.  This one is as good as I remembered.
"It was a bit more worn than stated, but it was well priced and arrived sooner than indicated."
"read Harper Lee’s Pulitzer Prize winning novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, in the early 1970's. Coming from the Northwest, it was an eye-opener for me to learn about segregation in the South, written by a Southerner. Later, I saw the movie. By this time I was much more aware and had strong opinions of the injustices dealt African Americans, particularly in the South. But the Northwest had its equality issues as well.This month, our Stanwood, WA book club selection was To Kill a Mockingbird and I was delighted to again read this classic with my even more enlightened awareness. It is a remarkable novel, full of humor and insights into life in Alabama during the late 1930's. Lee spins a wonderful coming-of-age story of a young girl’s observations of her very limited surroundings. Scout, and her brother Jem, live with their father, Atticus, an attorney in Maycomb, Alabama. Scout’s mother died when she was two, so their black maid, Calpurnia, manages to keep house, cook and take care of the children.Their world changes when Atticus is appointed to defend a black man who is unjustly accused of raping a white woman. Opinions expressed about the case are, in today’s social climate, shocking. In those days, people were lavishly polite and proper, but many were totally blinded toward the injustices shown African Americans.Coincidentally, while I was in the midst of reading To Kill a Mockingbird, a news item broke announcing that Harper Lee has another book, one that had first been shown her publisher, Harper & Row. The original novel, Go Set a Watchman, was about a grown woman named Scout who returned to her small Alabama hometown between 1955 and 1957 to visit her family. Lee’s editor suggested that she rewrite the book from the perspective of Scout as a young girl. That book, To Kill a Mockingbird, was published in 1960 and was considered to be Harper Lee’s only published book. The just-recently discovered novel, Go Set a Watchman is expected to be published in 2015 by HarperCollins.I highly recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. I await with eager anticipation to read Harper Lee’s original work, Go Set a Watchman."
Well recieved and i just started to read...Like well.  Love it.
One of the best of all time.  So many lessons taught and Harper is an excellent  teacher.
An excellent book. A total classic.
Excellent
This book is unique because it is written from a child's perspective of the realityI would recommend it to anyone interested in the critical life practice of walking in the other's shoes...
A must read. A wonderful story of a father helping his children see the good in people through difficult times. Life is not always fair but don't give up fighting for truth and justice.
It took 3 days i love it.
Greatest novel ever written and best movie ever made.
"What a beautifully written novel.  I know I read it as a child, but clearly didn't appreciate it until reading it again as an adult."
"From the moment I picked up this book I was completely capitivated by it. Such a simple story with a deep meaning. Lee Harper does a fascinating job with the characters in this book! It was hard for me not to admire Scout's innocence thoughout the book, it brought me back to my younger days. Not yet calloused by immoral views of her community due to the influence of her big brother Jem, Cal the house hand, and most importantly her father Atticus Finch. Atticus a lawyer, is faced with the improbable task of acqiting Tom Robinson an innocent black man of rapping a white women. Opening Scout's eyes to a whole new side of Maycomb county she is unaware of and raising questions to things she does not yet understand. While teaching her crucial lessons about life."
"I should have read this years ago, but I just didn't.  Not only is the story still relevant and heart wrenching, but the quality of the writing was thrilling to read!!  The narrator, Scout, is a wonderful character whose ""voice"" is so pure and clear that I just wanted to hug her and give her some cold lemonade.  In fact, all or most of the characters spring to life through their dialogue and actions.  Despite several awful characters described, the many wonderful and quirky characters ably carry the story and the moral.  I was surprised that, in spite of the seriousness of the themes and the tragic events that punctuate the story, Lee found so much humor in the time and the people described in this great book. Don't wait before you read this.  It is a delight and an eye opener."
Great book
Should be on everyone's reading list.
"If there ever was ""The Great American Novel"", this would make the top 5."
Bam I wrote a review and s***
"Great book and the qualioty of the book was superior, a great buy..."
Granddaughter loved it.
"I doubt know how many times  I have read this book, initially at the age of 14, but each time i see new meaning and perspectives.  This book should be required reading for every student."
A classic.The story is timeless.
"Excellent, just as advertised!"
STILL THE CLASSIC  story of the SOUTH
a thoughtful way to revisit past (and present) prejudices
The book that taught me that I love to read. This book opened the door to many others to be devoured by me.
Life just doesn't get any better than having Scout always available for companionship.
Very good!!!
It is a masterpiece.
A classic
"This book showed how this imperfect world can be seen and critiqued from a vantage point of a young girl, nicknamed Scout, who possessed her own power of reason and astute observation of the lives of the old generation, especially her own father!"
"Excellent writing about fundamental issues of life: morality, spiritual beliefs, etc.,Wonderfully woven into the story fabric."
"This was a re-read for me and just as good, if not better than the first time.  Love that we see how humans can be kind instead of always cruel."
So glad I finally read this classic! What a work of art!
"I started reading this book when I was in the seventh grade.  I loved reading Scout's view of the world, and her misunderstanding of things in the adult world.  I was about half way finished with the book when it was taken away from me because my brother told my mother it was a bad book.  I was outraged.  I felt as if something wonderful, someone I had just met and really liked, had been ripped from my life.  I cried, I begged, but it was a few years later before I could get a copy and finish this book.  This was my first experience with sensorship, but unfortunately not my last.  I was never allowed to teach this book in my English classes in the conservative city in which I taught.  That too outraged me.  This is such a beautiful story of human strength and human weakness.  I do recommend this book to students, and these students love it. It has held up to the change of times because of its beautiful, lyrical style, and it's wonderful characters; who doesn't want Scout as a friend or Atticus for a father.  If you haven't read this book, get ready to open a treasure chest."
RACISM FOR THE KU KLUX KLAN
This book just drew me in like candy does children. Every night I couldn't wait to pick up where I left off
This novel remains one of my favorite classics of all time.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is trite and maudlin. But who would dare say the truth? It was all timing when people wanted that kind of book. In the movie, Gregory Peck was just the stuffy, boring actor to play Finch."
I bought it for my daughter's English class and she love it! I bought it new but it was a bit damage when I got it.
Great classic to be read and reread. Many lessons to learn and share. Looking forward to the newest book by Harper Lee.
You should read it it's fantasticI loved it. One of the better books I have read to be honest.
"How much has really changed. People can be cruel. People can be stupid. Young people would hopefully gain more compassion from reading this classic than living life. It's been a very long time since I read this book, thankful for another opportunity."
quick deliveryitem delivered was as advertised
This is not a review of the story . I have read it and saw the movie twice.. In this story is a lesson to be learned. and all young people should read it.I was disappointed in the size and the paper it was printed on. Maybe I misinterpreted what the phrase school and library binding meant.
This is my favorite book of all time. I own 7 different copy's of this novel. It's a timeless tale of bigotry and children's innocence.  If you haven't read this you need to buy this classic of American literature and it will change your life.
Excellent read.  I highly recommend it to everyone!  I can't believe it took me so long to read it.
"A classic, love this story!  So happy that the Kindle edition arrived!!"
I enjoyed this book because if kept me thinking .there was a lot of symbolism. This book is a piece of art
One of my favorite stories.  (I named my dog Atticus.) Parents should read it out loud to their children.
Excellent.
Probably the best book I've read in a while I couldn't put it down. I've really enjoyed this book a lot.
This book is a classic for a reason!
Easily the best book published of all time.
"I read the book after seeing the movie (probably for the third time) a few years ago with my teenage sons. I've always loved the movie, but the first few pages of the book really blew me away (I love Harper Lee's style). It was definitively worth reading the book, even though I've seen the movie several times. This enhanced eBook version has some nice features. I liked the videos, which apparently were excerpts from the documentary, ""Hey, Boo: Harper Lee and To Kill a Mockingbird."" Now I'd like to see the full version of ""Hey Boo."""
"What can I say? It's the perfect book. (Perfect movie, perfect film score as well, by the way.)"
You Wil fail in love with the characters. And what I most like about the book is that the author didn't hold back on the graphic side of things.
"I first read this book in high school, more than fifty years ago and it was just as good and sadly just as relevant now as it was then.  On the surface it is a pristine example of a bildugsroman, a beautifully crafted story of an adult lady looking back on her childhood and that singular turning point in her life when she realized that she was no longer looking at the world through just the eyes of a child.In a larger sense however it is an indictment of the snobbery, prejudice and bigotry that was so prevalent in that area at that time. Unfortunately for all concerned it still is and moreover with the technical advances in communications and transportation combined with our tendency to move about looking for that perfect spot to live it, has been shipped from its birthplace in the deep South to encompass the whole damned country!Enough of my rant and back to the book. The charming mix of the adult and child points of view as the adult Scout's vocabulary and literacy slips in is a highlight of this book. This is a book that everyone should read at least twice in their life, once as a pre-teen or teen and again as an adult, preferably in their child rearing years. If you haven't read this book read it, if you have, read it again, you won't be sorry."
No wonder this book is a classic!  This is a very well written book.
Worthwhile read.
Very good book.  Everyone should read this
"Loved it, the way it is written is really good."
"What can you say, this is one of the best books ever written!!I saw the movie first, and would actually recommend that path, as the book fills in details the movie drops, though at the same time the movie puts faces on the characters.The detail of Atticus Finches appearance did however not allow me to see Gregory Peck in the book role, all others were a huge help.If you loved the movie, you will love the book!I gave it 5 stars"
Great book!!
"Social commentary still relevant to today. Even in a book set in the 1930s the issues african Americans face are still relevant. As for the characters, most are loveable and you actually get character development throughout the book. Characters you'll love and love to hate. This book is now going down as #2 on my list of best books of all time."
You will read this more than once.
Very good book. Enjoyed it a great deal.
Great!!
Love it!
"Awesome, also my favorite film."
Ordered this book & read it just because it is a classic..
A great book that takes you back in time and talks about life values that should be read by everyone. No wonder this book is considered one of the classics.
One of my favorites
"One of the great classics, everyone should read it at some point in life."
I can't believe it took me until I was 47 to read this book.  I will rank it as one of my favorites of all time.
Excellent classic everyone should read
i had to read it for school and anything i ever have to read for school is not fun but this book was very good and interesting
"Great service, thanks"
I am totally pleased.
school book. classic
"At 71 I revisited to kill a mockingly.  Again I laughed, cried, and felt both the wisdom and compassion it had to offer."
"When I decides to start the new year with a re-read some of classics, I realized that I had never read To Kill A Mockingbird as an adult, when I read the book in grade school back in the 1960’s, I was closer to Scout and Jem’s age. I wanted to read the book from an adult’s perspective and in doing so, I discovered some of the poignant nuances, both painful and joyous, that frames this wonderful book. Our society has evolved so much since Harper Lee shared her fictional world with us but the complex intersections of family, community, racism, prejudice, honor, compassion, bravery, and hope still resonates more than five decades later."
This book was riveting this time. Although we all remember the story it just seems the message is still relevant today.
"Stylistic, risky and centered on theme; a true masterpiece! A treasure for every generation! This wants more words! Blah blah!"
What more is there to say?  One of the best stories ever created.
"Thoroughly enjoyed re-reading this, after studying it in high school 20 years ago, it has much more meaning as an adult."
good read!
"Arrived quickly, nice clean copy."
"I've given this book to many people over the years, and all have enjoyed it.Excellent writing and great characters are combined in a powerful story.I'd highly recommend this to anyone from teen to adult."
"While To Kill a Mockingbird is still an American literature classic, the description for this ""Enhanced Edition"" of Harper Lee's incredible novel is quite misleading. Buyers may think they are receiving the full audiobook version read by Sissy Spacek judging from the line in the description that reads ""includes audio of Sissy Spacek performing the audiobook"". Unfortunately, this audio is limited to only the first chapter. Those interested in hearing the rest must purchase the audio version from Audible or another source. The product description (which comes directly from publisher HarperCollins and not Amazon) is intentionally misleading.If you are merely interested in reading the story of Atticus Finch and don't require the audiobook, this edition is more than adequate. However, if you are like me and thought this was a ""one stop shop"" for the complete To Kill a Mockingbird experience, your money is better spent elsewhere."
"If you've ever seen the movie, reading the book just brings the characters back to life."
Small town racism and goodness as well is presented through the eyes of an 8 year old girl. If you missed it in high school it's worth catching up. It is a suspenseful look into an unconventional family living in small town Alabama during the depression.
Best book of all times.
superior
"A beautifully written classic, which given today's racial disharmony, is still relevant.  It makes you think!"
"I use this audio with my class...at least parts of it.  Sissy Spacek, the narrator, really captures the mood of the book well."
No matter how many times I read To Kill a Mockingbird it never fails to reopen my heart and eyes to the issues still plaguing this nation. Every person should be required to read it to show them what the truth behind racism and what true courage looks like.
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is really a great read, and I know see what everybody talks about. However, my being thirteen, I would recommend this book to people of age 15 and older (only because the main problem is whether or not a black man raped a white woman).It was really, really great, though!"
Love this book!
"All has already been said about this book. I will not add more. The audible version narrated by Sissy Spacek as the Finches daughter is just wonderful. Probably the very best narration of ANY book I have heard. A total delight. This book continues to show what love really is in the world, and a moral compass for life."
Great Book
Book is new. Fadt shipping.
Just my favorite story ever...
Arrived slightly scuffed up but that was expected.
A true classic in every way.
"Never mind the story which perhaps a majority of us know, what about the quality of the book!If anyone bought 'Turtleback School & Library Binding Edition', can they attest to the quality of the binding, the paper used, etc?Seems everyone these days wishes to be recognized as a critic but fail to attest to the subject at hand."
Book for English class. Classic
"If you are going to read only one book in your lifetime, let it be To Kill A Mockingbird. The writing is superb, the location and characters are written so well you think you have lived with them and they are your family.  But the most important thing is the plot as it makes each of us evaluate how we treat others and how we feel towards our fellow men.Read it and get ready for a life changing experience."
"I decided to read this book because my 13 year old daughter was reading it for school. From the first chapter, I was amazed at how well written this novel is by any standard. It's funny, suspenseful, and full of good morals. A threat read for any age!"
"I read this about 10 years ago for the first time.  Recently reread for my Book Club.  I love the way it is written through the eyes of a 5-7 year old.  Can't believe how far, yet still so little has been accomplished on the fight against discrimination."
My favorite book and author of all time; a classic must read for everyone.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
"This is a great story about a little girl named Scout and her father, Atticus. The story is so sad and sweet."
This book -- what can you say besides great.
Great book. Fast delivery! Recommended!
Better than everyone had told me it would be.
"I read it back in the 1960's and re-read it this past summer; great plot with memorable characters.  Atticus Finch is the perfect father figure (wish more attorneys could emulate his ethics too), while Scout and Jem are the precocious children parents want, right? Today's youth read this book almost like historical fiction and a classic piece of literature; it is both and more!"
My favorite book ever
I had only seen the movie and as usual yhe book is so much better.
"Excellent book!  After reading the novel, I understand why it won a Pulitzer, and why it is so influential to children and adults."
Greatest book ever.
coursework book - received as described in a timely fashion
Excellent book.  Wonderful to re-read it after many years.
Just what was needed for a book report.
got this for a friend and she love's it
Great product
"To  Kill a Mockingbird is forever a timeless classic. Taken in place in the south in 1935, how can a black man get a fair trial against a white girl even though it is obvious the girl is lying?  The answer he can't.  Tom Robinson was at the wrong time and the wrong place.  But there are other 'mockingbirds' in the story.  Such as the ever misunderstood Boo Radley, and the Cunningham family.  People in southern Mississippi just couldn't accept other people that were different.  Children can usually accept change better, but the innocent child, Scout and her brother Jem, had some of these prejudices rub off on them until they see what hatred can do.  I read this book when I was 14, saw the movie about a hundred times, and learn something new every time.  It's a shame that this is the only book Harper Lee ever wrote.  She is a master story teller!"
Great book with an interesting insight into the times.
It started out a little slow but after the first couple of chapters it picks up speed.  I loved it.  Can't believe I had not read it before now.
Received book in excellent condition.
"This larger print edition is lovely and easy to read.  If you haven't enjoyed this great story, get a copy."
It was a gift for someone else.
Product just as described and fast delivery!
GOOD
"I wish I could give it 6 stars.  Great read, very touching.  Don't know why it took me so long to read it."
Best story ever!
A classic.
Good job writing this book
One of my favorites!
This book is wonderful. I hadn't read it since High School and re-read it along with my 15 year old. Definitely relevant to the current racial climate.
Amazing book which stands the test of time and is always a teachable moment.
Classic!!
wonderful..wonderful book. what a gem. Gegory Peck had to be Atticus...nobody else..I can even hear his voice from the book
This book was fantastic. I never thought that a book in school could be so interesting. All of the different parts all played together to make a fantastic read.
"Beautiful writing and wonderful characters! Would highly recommend this book!  A book about people, and life, prejudice, honesty and caring."
Great classic book.
Great price.  Classic book.
"have never read this book .Was reminded  of it by a friend who had recently read it so gave it a try. loved it. Easy read and such wonderful characters. Having seen the movie it was easy to picture the characters , Scout and Atticus. Very descriptive narative.give it a try over the holidays, you won't be disappointed."
I actually got through my school years without being required to read this book.  I'm so glad I followed my 9th grade niece's reading of the book.  Excellent story.  Good ear for dialect.  I will most likely read this book again.
"Just how I wanted it, and came in time"
"I would recommend this book to anyone 15 years and older (topic rape being the age determiner).  It can stimulate discussion on why some people are not good, on the history and evolution of racism, and on the quest to being a truly moral and good human being."
Like an old blanket from our childhood. Incredibly written. For all ages and ages. Will go back to it again in another 20 years
"Deep. Well written. Compelling. Sadly, timely."
Brand new book.  Arrived as expected.
"I had to read this book for school and was reluctant, but I was proven wrong. I think there are some unnecessary chapters, but they do tie in. I would recommend this book for people who want a sense of what the 30's were like."
I read this many years ago and it was as good this time as it was then. Thank you Ms. Lee.
I was required by the teacher to have a book with a certain picture on the front.  the one shown has the correct picture but the one I received did not.  I didn't see anywhere on the web page that the books may vary.
"This book demonstrates how a simple story can hold a mirror and show us our prejudices. It gets under the skin like no sermons, preaching or legislation can. As any good literature, it cuts across cultures. Far away from South Alabama, I can identify with many characters I have seen walking around me."
good
I've read it many times over the years. Glad it's on kindle now. It is a true classic. Highly recommended.
An absolute classic. A must read.
"I don't know what more can be said about, quite simply, the best book ever written.  The adventures of Scout, Jem and Dill and the amazing character of Atticus Finch as he raises Scout and Jem and defends Tom Robinson.  I read some of the one-star reviews for this classic and, honestly, feel sorry for those who will never experience the magic of this book.  After I read the book (for the third time in my life), I treated myself to the movie adaptation and marveled at the movie hero Gregory Peck gave us in the role of Atticus.  I am looking forward to giving my daughter this book and sharing it with her when she is old enough to read it.  It is the greatest American novel ever written."
"Just as good today as it was when it was written. Sad to say that not all that much has changed. If it's been awhile, read it again."
"A must read.  A great story about childhood, character and race relations.  This is a book I had been meaning to read for years and I'm so glad I finally got to it.  The movie is also very good.  Note, this book does use derogatory racial language in it's historical context and might warrant a discussion with younger people before reading.  I am very much against censorship and actually believe every word has it's place and I think a book like this proves that.  We cannot hope to better our race relations without some understanding of the history behind things and what it was like for others before us.  Again, a great book, a great look into humanity and character as told through a child's eyes.  Read it already."
"This was a great book, I enjoyed it a lot and it was a great read. I loved how it had comedy and suspicion."
"This book is wasted on the Youth.  It should be assigned reading for anyone above the age of 18.  If you read this while in high school, you should go back and re-read it and appreciate it for the brilliant work that it is.  Kudos to you, Ms. Lee."
"Really, I am supposed to review this book? It is one of the best books of the last 100 years and was worth a second read after all these years. I never forgot the opening paragraph nor other parts of this book."
"This is my third reading of this book, and it never fails to disappoint."
Classic.
2 more words so i can get to the next page and get out of this here one mow now
This classic did not disappoint.
I was a very very good book. Keeps you wanting to read faster. The characters are described in depth
"Lives up to its reputation.  Solid writing, with character and storyline development.  I happened to finish it a few days before the Ferguson Grand Jury decision and was struck by the timelessness of this book."
Made a 10 hour drive pass quickly. Save the second half of the book for the return trip. Sissy Spacek is wonderful and perfect for it.
Classic read!
"Best book ever, should have everyone read this so we don't have prejudice problems.  Had never read the book, but have seen the movie a dozen times."
awesome read!
"It's well written, detailed without being too detail."
Required middle school reading
The book that spawned the movie of the same name. More detail. Harper Lee is great!!
"A book for all ages, always and forever.  Important lessons learned every time."
Love the book.  Gives one such a warm feeling reading it.
My favorite story from my younger days.  Enjoy it more each read as I grow older!
Great book about the deep seated racism in the south. Almost impossible to put down. Harper Lee's writing is fantastic she takes you along for the ride thru the eyes of children who are wise beyond their years. One of the books you MUST read in your lifetime.
"Beautiful, classic american literature."
"A story for all time, everything you ever wanted in a book you will find in Harper Lee's only book."
"I wanted to re-read this book- hadn't read it in many years - I was struck by the beauty of the language, nuances I hadn't seen before, and wished that a real Atticus Finch was among us today.  The classic explores so richly the complexities of family, class, race and what it means to be true.  Many lessons in integrity, in love and respect for both self and others.  I think I 'm going to put this on my yearly re-read list."
Classic literature. Glad now available as e-book.
"It's a ""classic""!!!"
Great old style book.  Love it.
"Wonderful book, a classic, one worth reading many times."
"A classic that should be read by all. It took me far too long to get to it, but I'm glad I finally did. Great characterizations."
"Narrating intense situations through the voice of a child was brilliant. Descriptions were confident, and the understated prose lent itself to a power if it's own.The characters, now icons, reflected the post-war idealism of the time. So sad that today Atticus Finch's integrity seems hopelessly naive. The new model is Ferguson MO prosecutor Robert McCullough, for whom the ends justify the means.We're screwed."
"No, Charles Lamb, lawyers never were children once."
"The audio option, read by Sissy Spacek, added just the right pacing and charm to this old classic. Its required reading in school negated the savory morsels hidden away and missed by the movie version. Harper Lee exposes every travesty known in southern small town USA. I highly recommend adding the audio to your Kindle purchase."
"I had not read this in years and I was delighted to return to it. The fine writing, character development, scene setting and, of course, gripping storyline make this book a classic. I dreaded all the racism in the story and it is there and it is horrendous. Even the hero, Atticus, exhibits some paternalistic attitudes that made me cringe. It is a heart-warming and heart-breaking book."
One if the best books ever written. Period.
I purchased this book from Amazon.  I read it and I liked the story.
appreciated how well written this novel is the second time I read it
Print is too small.  I'm  a  senior citizen and wanted enjoy rereading these books but I saw nothing that indicated how small the print is.
Classic must read over again and again at different times in one's journey through life
Wonderful book.Reread as grown up grownup a loved it.
Wonderful to read this again.
"I first read this book when I was a sophomore in high school. Thirty-six years later, it's an even better read. Scout's humor helps to balance the tragic events that unfold. Worth rereading if you have not picked it up since you were in high school!"
It was a very interesting and amazing bookAs a younger kid parts were confusing but it was a really good book
I HATE TO READ....and THIS IS THE ONLY BOOK I can honestly say that I LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. Best Book Ever.
What can be said about such a masterpiece that has not already been said?
great book
Book was in great condition
Good
This is a wonderful story that will live forever because of its truths that will ring true for all time.I have wanted to read this book since I saw the movie years ago.Everyone should read this masterpiece.
"Harper Lee wrote a classic, a book that combines Southern hypocrisy with justice."
good
Great book... one of the all time best... was only waiting to get it on my Kindle but knew as soon as it came out I would jump on it!
I was charmed by it. Scout stole my heart.
And honestly it was infinitely better this time around. Still as poignant as ever and I wish more adults would give it another go. Lots that I had forgotten but the underlying message was still clear to me. Considering current events this really makes you believe that the more things change the more they stay the same.
Great Condition
"This was my second time around reading this book.  The first time I loved it, and the second time I love it even more.  The more and more you read it, the more you notice subtle details!  This book is definitely a page turner, and it really just tells the life if two southern kids growing up in Alabama.  They go through many ups and downs as most kids do, but the children are in for quite the adventure! So settle down onto your warm sofa with some hot chocolate and be prepared for a heart-warming tale that teaches forgiveness, humility, love, and how to put yourself in someone else's shoes.  I also recommend reading this book out loud to your kids, they'll love it! It is truly a classic!"
Perfect!!!
"What is there to say about this flawless work of literature? Honestly, I have no idea. Its level of excellence is so rare and incredible that it always leaves me speechless. Read this book, watch the movie, and your life will be better because of it. At least, I know mine is."
"My teenage granddaughter read this in class. She is a sophomore. I wasn't sure about whether I thought this booked served a purpose in this day and age. I think there are good messages it it, but I have to wonder if we are keeping racism alive by having our children read this. They have not experienced what we knew to be true because they don't see people of color the way we saw it, it bothered me then and still bothers me know."
Meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh meh me meh meh meh it's a book or something.
Great inspiring read.
"I cannot come up with any praise or other comments that have not already been stated dozens, if not hundreds, of times and in many assorted languages. It is enough to simply state that it is a personal favorite, a choice shared by many others, I'm sure."
Classic. :)
I love this book. One of my favorites. Harper Lee's creative genius takes us into a time where innocence and magic was still part of one's childhood. She is also capable of making us understand the difficulties and mind set of the time. Brilliant!
It was great!  It helped my son's English reading requirement for this quarter.  It was in very good condition and arrived in plenty of time for him to complete his homework assignment.  Thank you.
"This book has so much meat to it - gives you a small glimpse of human behavior andbelieves that one group is better than the other, separating us from the true act and meaningof human love for one another. .  EXCELLENT READ - It desires another STAR!"
"This book is absolutely perfect. Aside from a rather slow start, the book is quite riveting all the way through. Harper Lee puts in various words of wisdom that we still live by today throughout the pages. I'm so glad I had the opportunity to read it, it's well written and very introspective."
Perfect.
I have read this book at least 3 times.  Probably my favorite booked ever.  This one was purchased as a donation to a prison library.
I think it is an excellent novel for its time. I don't think it packs the same punch fifty years later.
A very good read
A great classic! I read it at least once per year.
One of the great classics. Enjoyed rereading it. Think it should still be required for all high school students.. Enjoyed both times.
Arrived in good condition. Excellent read. Thanks
"My dad was born and raised in a small town in North Carolina in 1930. I enjoyed the insight this author gave to growing up at that time and place. The kids were the ones with thought provoking, future changing ideas. Lee did a great job developing the characters and portraying racial issues, just as they were, without being preachy. The kids saw through the prejudice and hypocrocy,  she let the point be made through them."
A lot of emotions in this book. Most have seen the movie but you miss a lot that was in the book.
Classic.
"Harper Lee’s novel takes the reader on a journey through the faults of a typical American society during the era of the Great Depression. As a young schoolgirl, Scout spends her time investigating the mysterious Radley house along with her brother Jem and summertime friend Dill. Despite all the evil words that are spoken about the inhabitants of the Radley house, the children want to meet the boy who lives there to find out the truth behind all the rumors. Going against the grain of society and pressures from others, the children discover by the end of the novel that the boy who lives in the house, Boo Radley, is in reality a loving and caring individual who would rather spend his time alone indoors. During a time of segregation and racism in America, Atticus, Scout and Jem’s father, is a defense lawyer for a black man who is convicted of raping a white woman. Faced with much ridicule, the family is forced to continue on without paying much attention to the people of the community. After a fierce trial that lasted for some time, the ruling decided upon by the all-white jury is telling of the type of society they lived in. The debate of racism and human equality is a theme that is presented a multitude of times throughout the novel. This novel is a must read if you are looking for something that analyzes and defines the faults in American culture during the Great Depression. Full of surprises and plot-twists, this book is sure to be one you won’t forget."
excellent
An amazing book. How did I not read this much earlier in my life?
It is a classic and required reading for many young adults.  I gave it to my grandson who is being homeschooled for a book report.  It is recommended for all age groups.
"I finally got around to reading this book - somehow I never read it in high school.  I loved it.  Now I want to see the movie, which I also never saw!"
"I loved reading this book. I watched the movie when I was in high school when it was assigned. Now that I read constantly I wanted to take her for a spin.  I thought it was a wonderful story and since Gregory Peck was perfectly cast for Atticus and Mary Badham, and her freckled nose,  for Scout, I saw them and heard them in my minds eye throughout the reading.  What is amazing is the social commentary on racism, especially for that day 1960. The comparison with Nazi Germany and the hypocrisy within the church were of note. Hypocrisy yet Atticus is the ultimate Christ or Buddha figure. Interesting view of women. I guess Harper Lee had not yet made the leap except that she depicted tomboy Scout, emphasis on the boy, as being able to be anything she wished when she grew up including an attorney like her daddy. On many of these issues, it appears that Harper Lee had foretold the coming social issues that would come forward within a half a decade from when she wrote this. Pretty advanced for a Alabama girl."
The most wonderful american classic of our time reflecting many images of today's news stories.
The best book ever written
A classic! Was as good the second time read as the first time I read it years ago in high school .....
Dannng. W-wow.
"A classic, the book is always better then the movie. Can't say more, just read it."
Don't know why it took me so long to read this great book!
"To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite book of all time. I read it yearly. I wish I could meet Harper Lee because I would like to tell her how much enjoyment this book has brought. It is cleverly written, and there is something for everyone: humor, drama, mystery, and danger. My favorite character is Scout, the young girl who is in the process of learning the lovely as well as ugly aspects of the world in which she lives. LOVE IT."
"Who can match this wonderful, amazing tale that so captures a by-gone era of America?? It is both beautiful, sad, tragic, amusing, funny, poignant...a coming-of-age story as no other, centered around many sub-plots. I love that it is all seen and told through a child's eyes, with innocence and wonder. My all-time favorite novel. The movie does a spectacular justice to it all, as Harper Lee agreed, but the book contains so much more that could not be included in a 2-hour movie. Should still be required reading in HS, most especially in this volatile political climate we now find ourselves in once again. A MUST-READ."
This book sheds light on our current situation and some interesting insight into history. A must read.
Im a freshman in high school and we had to read this book. It taught me good things that I can use in my life. Even tho I didnt understand a ton of those words I understood the meaning.
I am impressed by the Author's fluid storyteling ability  I finished the book so fast I think i should read it again
A must read!
greats book ever
A great book. A father raises his children to respect all people by his own action
"Wow, know this was a good book simply due to its reputation but reading has really shown how timeless a book like this can be."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was the writing of a genius.  She describes what it was like living in a small Southern town during those days of unfettered racism.  It was a blessing when our Federal government passed laws to force equality in cases where force was needed to establish fair treatment of all citizens.  I lived in such a town in Kentucky, and since that time in the 1960s I understand that the issue has been ameliorated.Dorothy Harter, Author of Mountain Editor"
"Read this book as a teen, but I think I got more out of it today as an adult. Still a lot of lessons to be learned. The U.S. has come a long way with prejudices (race, culture, socio-economic status, violence, etc.), but we still have a long way to go!  Hopefully this book will continue to be read, and that Atticus Finch's positive values will be passed on and permeate throughout the globe. I don't give it a 5-star since I didn't find the writing to always be amazing. For example, the author clearly has an expansive vocabulary, but it's not necessary credible for such young children."
"Enjoyed the authors style very much.  A classic I know, that I should have read a long time ago."
Loved the movie so I thought I should read the book!
My Mom loves this. It's her favorite book.
"My 14 year old son, gives this great book a 4 out of 5 stars."
"If I could, I would give this book a million stars! This is my favorite book ever."
"Classic American novel. So glad I decided to read this again, about 12 years after I read it the first time. Parts made me laugh out loud and other parts actually made me cry. No description I could write would do this book justice."
Such a great book! I was enticed in it from the beginning. I will most definitely read it again! Just amazing!
"Was good revisiting this book after many, many years. It was really a good read.  I probably did not appreciate it as much when I was in high school."
I loved reading this book for the second time; somehow it's much more enjoyable from the first time I read it in High School...
Great for school use
"This was assigned reading in high school. At that time, I didn't have the benefit of life experiences to help me understand what heart-warming, yet heart-wrenching subjects this story covers. We should all strive to be like Atticus, and for good reason. Even a fictional character serves as a beacon of integrity and morality in a world trying to cast off such things."
"I love this book. I lost my original copy, and had to get another one. I am so happy to be reading it again. It is my favorite book. TheMovie was my favorite too. I thank you for a like new copy and excellent service."
I find this book not as good as everyone says it is. I would honestly rather give a speech in front of the nation instead of reading this book. The characters seemed real but this is just not my kind of book. There is a lot of tension in this book.
This was my first time to read this book. I had never read or seen this while I was in school. I really enjoyed it. It was simple & just plain easy read.
"This book is an amazing story about two children Jem and Scout, who are living back in the 1930s. Meaning that there is a lot of discrimination against black people. These are the years of The Great Depression. Their father Atticus is an defense attorney, and his client Tom Robinson, a black man, is accused of raping a white woman. Atticus is one of the few who don't see the difference between whites and blacks. He prepares a great defense for Mr. Robinson. He teaches his kids many lessons, including never judge someone until you know and have gone through what they've lived through. My favorite character of the book is Scout, she is the main character, and she is a little girl. She reminded me a lot of myself as a kid, because she wasn't very girly, and she'd always like to get dirty and play with the boys. I would recommend this book to someone who wants to understand what those days were like without it being super advanced. The book is through Scout's eyes, so it's through a child's perspective. Defintely worth 5 stars!"
It is hard to believe this meaningful book and outstanding author only wrote this book.  She must have had so many saved in her mind.
I had forgotton what a pleasure it was to read To Kill a Mockingbird. I had read it several years ago then my book group decided to read it. I love the way Ms Lee tells a story. Very pertinent to today's society in the south. A must read.
Excellent story!
A classic!
"As amazing now as when it was first written.  I loved being drawn into Scout's world, good and bad."
Classic book.  Great story.
Beautiful book I loved every part I wish there was more... Definitely on my favorite book list. A classic is a book that will still be relevant in the future and this sure is one of those books. (Not recommend for children under 13 has a lot of bad language.)
I loved re-reading the book...it is better than the first time I read it.  Harper Lee told a great story and painted the small Southern town In words.  I was disappointed that I was not able to enjoy the enhanced interviews on my Paperwhite and so far have not been able to access them on the Fire.  My older Apple product apps do not seem to support Flash...way to go Steve Jobs!
"This is, of course, on of the great books.  I have biracial children and I am sad about the conditions of the time described in this book but great that we have a narrative that helps us understand those times."
This is at least my third reading - I think this reading was the best one yet!
"Wonderful,  classic book. One of my favorites.  Everyone should read it."
"I don't know how I managed to avoid reading this book all these years, but now that I finally have, I understand why it's a classic. It's everything your English teacher ever said it was, and an easy read at that.  Don't wait, read it now."
One of the great books of all time.
I am only 40% through but am anxious to pick up and read every evening.
Best characters in literature
"Product was as described, fast shipping very pleased with my purchase."
"At first I really couldn't get into this book, had to read it for sophomore English and didn't like all the work that went along with it, but the last 14 or so chapters were amazing. I couldn't stop reading! Very good book!"
"This is the complete review as it appears <a href=""http://ianwoodnovellum.blogspot.com/2014/11/to-kill-mockingbird-by-harper-lee.html"">at my blog dedicated to reading, writing (no 'rithmatic!), movies, & TV</a>.  Blog reviews often contain links which are not reproduced here, nor will updates or modifications to the blog review be replicated here.  Graphic and children's reviews on the blog typically feature two or three images from the book's interior, which are not reproduced here.Note that I don't really do stars.  To me a book is either worth reading or it isn't.  I can't rate it three-fifths worth reading!  The only reason I've relented and started putting stars up there is to credit the good ones, which were being unfairly uncredited.  So, all you'll ever see from me is a five-star or a one-star (since no stars isn't a rating, unfortunately).I rated this book WORTHY!WARNING!  MAY CONTAIN UNHIDDEN SPOILERS!  PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK!I picked up this book because I finally couldn't stand not knowing what the big deal was about a two-kilo mockingbird. I guess I misheard the title...just kidding!Set in the mid 1930's during the ""Great Depression"" (but written in the late fifties and published in 1960), this story is told from the PoV of Jean Louise Finch, who was known as ""Scout"", but it's told in retrospect, by an adult Jean, remembering events years ago. Jean's mother was dead, even back then, and she lived with her father, Atticus, a lawyer, and her older brother, Jeremy, who was known as ""Jem"".Harper Lee denied that the novel was autobiographical, but her own father was a lawyer, she had an older bother, she hung out with a new guy in town who lived next door, and there was a boarded-up house nearby about which they made up stories. Many events in this story actually occurred in one way or another, although they were modified for this story.The Finch family lives next door to the reclusive Radley family, and because of this, they make up stories about the Radley's - a family which both scares and intrigues them. During this time, a local black guy, Tom Robinson, is accused of assaulting a white girl - which back then, and especially in the south, was a pretty much an automatic death sentence whether the accused did it or not.Atticus forbids his kids from watching the trial, but they sneak into the 'colored seats' up on the balcony. By some careful legal footwork, Atticus eventually shows the court that Mayella Violet Ewell, the girl accusing Tom, and her father, Robert E Lee Ewall, are lying. It was Bob who beat Mayella, not Tom. Despite this, Tom is found guilty, and is later shot 17 times when he supposedly tries to escape from prison.This story borrows a lot from the real-life Emmett Till case, which was equally messed up, with exaggeration and dissemination on both sides. The sad thing there is that while nothing happened (at least not through the courts) to the accusers in that case, the accused paid heavily for this event - which constituted rudeness at worst and a misunderstanding at best - with his life, in an horrific torture and murder episode in the early hours of one morning - and the accused was only fourteen years old.This story ends in Bob Ewell's death after he launches a cowardly attack upon Jean and Jeremy as they walk home late one night from a school Halloween pageant. Why Atticus even countenanced their being unescorted given the preceding campaign of threats and intimidation which Ewell had launched against Atticus and his home is a mystery and an appalling example of irresponsible parenting.I don't know if I would have enjoyed this had I read it rather than listened to it. It was entertaining to begin with, then got boring, then became entertaining again. Roses Pritchard did a good job or representing the older Scout reminiscing.The story isn't a really great story, and some negative reviews I've read call it out correctly in some regards, but to me a story is either worth reading (a five-star) or it isn't (a zero-star represented by a one-star since zero isn't an option). Yes the characters were a bit flat, and yes it was a very black and white story in more than one way, but did it entertain me? Yes!Another complaint I read was that there was no character growth, but to me, character growth is over-rated! I don't need a character to grow in a story (unless they're really awful to begin with in which case growth is a requirement!). All I need is for the characters to be entertaining. Indeed, some stories which have entertained me well are enjoyable in part because the character doesn't change. In this case I neither expected it nor needed it, and I considered this one a worthy read - or more accurately, a worthy listen."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book. Very well written, great story-line, and good use of language."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
A classic! Worth the read the second time around when one is old enough to enjoy it rather than racing through it for the purposes of a book report!
I loved this book the ending was good and messed up a little
"Most compelling, since I grew up during these unfortunate times.  I've always wanted to read this wonderful book, and it took me76 years to do so.  Well worth the wait..."
A classic that everyone should read. Very moving and a good look into the ways of the South.  I really enjoyed it.
perfect price - school
Very good.  A little different from the movie.
An excellent lesson all these years later!
"I read this in HS as part of curriculum. It takes on a whole different meaning at 45. If you read it as a kid, do yourself a favor and read it as an adult. If you didn't read it as a kid, well, all the more reason to read it"
Glad to see Kindle finally getting access to some great classics.My facorite all time books!
A book everyone should read.  This was Harper Lee's only book and it is probably in the top 3 all time best books.
"Please, its a classic!"
Loved it!
"Well deserving of it's reputation as a classic. Everyone should read this, at least once in their lifetime. Then go see the play if you have the chance and watch the characters come to life."
Bought this for my daughter because I loved it in high school ! I got myself a copy too because I want to read it again! Packed nicely and in perfect shape!
good book
A Classic!
"This was advertised and sold and bought under the ""guise""  that it was an 18th printing of the First Edition and a ""Hardcover"" book. It was not. It is a very, very, poor ""paperback"" printing of a Warner Bros. adaptation. To be anything other than displeased would be an understatement. Buyer Beware! Really Listen Up! Do not trust this seller at all."
A book everyone should read.  It's description of love and justice are timeless.
I saw the movie years ago but never read the book until recently.  It is a classic....should be required reading for students
Super reading and thoroughly enjoyable...
"I had never read this book as a kid, and an glad I did now.  A little slow at times but a great read overall."
"It is ""To Kill a Mockingbird""  a great book for everyone!"
"A wonderful book--though I recently finished Bryan Stevenson's memoir, Just Mercy, which tells his experiences helping a death row inmate from Harper Lee's Monroe County. Stevenson makes a believable case that America has done little to change in the fifty years since Atticus took a stand, which is disheartening. If you like To Kill a Mockingbird (and how could you not?) try that one and see what you think. I'm still thinking about it."
"Provides an experience akin to opening a ""time capsule"" -- Harper Lee really captures the essence of racism -- stereotyping, predjudice, and discrimination. A must read for anyone who has classics on their bucket reading list . . .!"
"A classic that is still quite relevant today. Times may change, human nature stays the same."
"Every time I read this, I get something new from it.  Beautifully written.  I would recommend this book to anyone from age 12 on up and suggest a periodic re-readinge because of the great depth of the novel."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a novel that I come back to again and again, every year or so around Thanksgiving.  The story is masterful and laden with so many important insights into life.  It always takes me to a place in my childhood that no other book can do.  I can praise this novel enough.  It truly is one of a kind.  Highly Recommend!!!"
"Read for neighborhood book club. May be first time and just saw movie earlier. It is a  delightful story of small town South in 1930s. Very sad in many ways but well written and exposed some ""truths"" at that time that are shocking. Wish Harper Lee had written more. I think this is her only book."
Always love this book.
A classic.
I had to read this book for class and frankly I found it very boring. I did not enjoy the writing style or the story.
My favorite book. I was thrilled to purchase my son a copy for his 7th grade humanities class.
"This is a book I was suppose to read in school but somehow never did.  I probably copied someone else's book report.  This book was very good, very well written, had lots of emotion, and lots of lessons to be learned.  I grew up during the 50's and lived in the North.  We did not have the racial prejudice that raged in the South.  I have read many books on this subject since getting my Kindle 2 years ago.  I am amazed at the hatred, the injustice, the humiliation, the unfairness and any other adjective like it that was forced upon the black people of our country.  This book brings to light the probable many trials that happened during that time period that were first unfair and second showed the spinelessness of the people on the jury.  No one wanted to be the one to step up and say this is wrong because no one wanted to be tormented by the rest of the town for letting a black man go free because his word was accepted and the white mans wasn't.  I think this book should still be a must read for every child in school.  Perhaps the 8th or 9th grade.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and am very glad it became a Kindle book."
"a Classic.  I had seen the movie years ago, but never read the book.  It was kind of odd reading it because I saw the movie 10 or 15 years ago, but as I read it I could actually hear the narrator's (a little girl) and Gregory Peck's voices"
"I buy these for a friend of mine who is 90 years old. he is in a reading club, and Large Print is so important. i wish Amazon and publishers had more."
"Loved this book.  Scout was a very relatable  character. One would think that this type of story isn't relevant anymore,  but it is.  I cried when they cried. I got angry when they did as well. I really loved this book."
Loved it!
"I love being able to listen or read a book through Amazon! it works out so well, very convenient."
A true classic.
More than I remembered.
"Reading about Scout, Gem and Adicus reminded me of what is good in humanity.  I needed a reminder. Than you Harper Lee."
I could't put the book down.
My favorite book of all times!
Wonderful
I wanted the story . This was some sort of essay.
"A classic that never gets old. The story is important even today. It has always been difficult to take an unpopular stand - well, not for everyone. Many of us don't have this kind of courage and we need to be reminded often. I read it every few years and continue to be awed by the writing."
just a very good read
My all time favorite book!  Read it when it first came out and still love it!
This book is not the most interesting book I have read neither the best written.  It needed more to the ending an ending to a book should have an ending not left open for interpretation.  I think this book in general should be read more for educational purposes rather than just for fun.
This is my all time favorite audio recording.  Sissy Spacek is wonderful.  She brings Scout to life.
An awesome read...
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
"It was ok ot qWas,sPaliUuuuuuuuuYuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyuyuuuuuuuueueueueueueudjdjdjdjddjwkwowWowkeekekkeekekSleek keeledKekekekekeEke keeledKeekekekekekkeKekekekeekekekekEkeekekekekekekekKekekeekekekekekekKeeekekekek"
Masterpiece!
Having ignored this reading assignment in high school I decided at twenty five I better read this so called classic. I'm glad that I finally did and enjoyed this wonderful story of a brother and sister growing together and learning during an amazing time in history. Everyone should read this and I'm sure in time I will read it again.
I've seen the movie several times over the years and finally read the book. I was so surprised and pleased at how closely the movie followed the book  and kept picturing the narrator in her bib overalls and Gregory Peck as Atticus. Finished the book in an afternoonGreat read!.
Awesome book
written as if the author was wanting to read it herself. the best stories you ever find are in your own mind.
Timeless classic
The style of writing is superb and the structure and balance of the novel admirable. This is indeed one of the finest novels in American literature.
as advertised. arrived promptly
"My favorite book , this is the third time I've read it , it just gets better every time. Thank you Harper Lee ."
Great
"They have a very fluid view of the term ""Used-Like New"" the cover was drawn all over and the pages were written on. very disappointing."
love it
The classic tale of right vs wrong  Harper Lee sets this poetic story of racial injustice in the small town in the South in the mind of growing children .A great read!
"It's a classic for a reason.  Although it comes off as dated with a flat depiction of  African-Americans in the south, the creation of such a great character as Atticus Finch (as well as his family) is what makes this a must read."
"I had intended to read this book for years and was extremely happy when it became available on Kindle. I was not disappointed!  Even though I had seen the movie several years ago, I read the book as if I had no idea what would happen next.  It's a charming book and a wonderful story."
Wonderful story and so well written.
"I had to go back and read it again after nearly a decade since the last perusal.It's a splendid novel!  Timeless.  Tackling tough issues in a beautiful story and well-laid plot.It's the sort of fantastic writing that makes me want to go out and read everything she's ever written, but unfortunately, it's her only published work."
An incredible all time classic.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favourite movies and it was wonderful to, at last, read the book.It was the first book I looked for when I got my first Kindle a few years ago and I'm so glad it finally became available."
very nice!!!
Best book that everyone should read!
"Fantastic - so well written, it is very hard to believe that it was written so long ago as the writing is very easy to understand and the concepts are still relevant. Cleverly written, as if by the tomboy daughter of the house, it explores not only growing up, but also family interactions, small town gossip and prejudice and also provides a very real insight into life in a small American town in the early 1900s.This is a book I always meant to read but never got around to, I am really glad I finally did and cannot recommend it highly enough. It is somehow a peaceful read, although the subject matter is anything but. Harper Lee deserves every accolade and praise she has ever been given"
Great classic book.
"Good , classic reading"
"As relevant today as in 1960, this book opens the heart to timeless wisdom, carrying us away into the innocently honest mind of a young girl as she learns to navigate the prejudice and hatred that exists in her world and the importance of holding to one's integrity and honor as demonstrated by her father, a single parent. Harper Lee takes the reader into a world that we can taste, touch, feel, and experience in one of the purest books every to be written. I continue to be, after all these years, transfixed and in love with this powerful story."
good book required by school
"Definitely, one of the best books I have read and I hate to read!"
"One of my all time favorites that I have read multiple times since the 5th grade. Almost 30 years later, I still love it."
A real classic.
Much needed.
"Pretty good book. I felt that it could have been longer in some places. Overall, I recommend it for all ages."
Bought a hardcover. Sent a cheap paperback. Boo.
Have read the book several times.  It never fails to stir thoughts of the inequities that we as individuals encourage.  The movie follows the book and should be available for all to view at all times.
Had a hard time putting it down!
Best book ever written on racism in literature.
Quite simply one of the greatest collection of words ever put on paper.
Absolutely lovely.  Such beautiful prose.
I think you would like this book no matter what kinda folks you may be..haha...anyway awesome book and I would give it 10 stars if I could. ... you should totally read it
It met my expectations.
"I haven't  read this book since high school and that was a long long time ago.  There has been so much publicity about it recently that I wanted to re-read it to see if it was still as great as it was way back then.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  This novel is just as fantastic and relevant today as it was 50 years ago.  It should not only be read by every high school student but by everyone.  Fantastic!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a classic piece of American literature, it speaks to racial prejudice , innocence, injustice and a small town's fear of nonconformity in a voice that is clear and bright and rings with truth. It touches the hearts of people of all classes and genders across this land and is beloved for its modest yet frank honesty. Harper Lee has touched many lives, ignited thousands of important conversations and,thus, led many out of a dark forest with this timeless gem."
I would put this book in the top 10 I've ever read.
"I've read this book numerous times as well as watched the movie. I was ecstatic when I saw it became a kindle book and I could include it in my electronic library. The whole book is told from the viewpoint of Scout reminiscing over a period about 2-3 years. She looks at her relationship with her brother, father, housekeeper, friends, and neighbors back during the great depression. The topic of alleged rape and the sacrifice of an innocent man are too mature of topics for middle school children, but high school students may enjoy this book and find topics to debate with their parents. This is one of my favorite books."
Amazing book to this day!  Just loved it the second time in years!
perfect
I enjoyed reading it.
Loved in 9th grade and it still resonates.A timeless classic! The children still make me laugh and cry with what they say and do in the story.
Great condition. Great read!
"The narration brought the book to life. The openness of children willing to see people for what they are is amazing. Why we have taint their innate goodness in an effort to make them ""grow up"" is rather sad."
"Treasure this great piece of literature.As well a crafted story as any I have ever read.I'm 61 years old and this is the first time I have read this work. I am sorry that I waited so long, but so glad that I finally took advantage of the opportunity."
"Beautifully written, marvelous story"
Raid delievery
"Great classic writing.  I kinda wish I hadn't seen the film.  Spoiled the ""twist"" in the ending."
Finally read this at almost 42. Probably would have enjoyed it a long time ago. Great story. Funny and inspiring and sobering. Should be required reading for High School if not sooner.
Good story.
Loved Listening to this classic
Nicely paced read. The story line is we paced and extremely believable  and on many occasions reminded me of my own childhood.
Great
"As with a few of my other reviews, this is one of those classics we are all supposed to read. I tried a few when I was young and realized that most of them were not very good reads. But I found `To kill a hummingbird` an extremely good read. It was engaging from the start, had good character development, and was a very entertaining book. I would highly recommend this book to anyone. It is one of the ""classics"" that is really a classic."
loveit
A classic definitely worth reading.
"It's a classic, and I hear that you should read at least once a year. I've been reading a chapter or two a week. Its a fun book, if you never have read this book or seen the movie then you should get a copy and discover why so many people read this book as religiously as the bible."
This a great book.
There nothing I can write that has not already been said.  A Classic!!
"The thing about rereading a great book is that you get to experience things you might have missed before. To Kill A Mockingbird has always been one of my favourite classics of all time. I first read the book back in college, but I've read many excerpts in high school. Reading it again now, at 26 years old, my God the emotional impact it had on me was not one I expected - especially given the fact that I've read this before and pretty much know everything that happens!Rereading it also gives me the opportunity to finally write the review it deserves.Harper Lee created a masterpiece novel, one that is very simple in its form, but very profound in its impact. Told completely from a child's point of view, Scout Finch, we are taken on a journey that could absolutely take your breath away - if you allow it.Scout Finch is quite a special little girl, who does not know how to filter her thoughts, and is quite outspoken and honest. She's also known to get violent if angered. And she usually only gets angry if you insult her or someone she loves. Although this book may be known as a courtroom drama, it's really anything but. Yes, the father, Atticus Finch is a lawyer, a good one at that. And yes, there is a brief section that occurs almost completely in a courtroom, but the importance of this novel is in the events that happen before and after the courtroom scenes.I will admit, reading the first section was a little tiresome, what with descriptions of one summer after the other and how Scout and Jem spent their time and their efforts in trying to lure the mysterious, never-seen Boo Radley out of his home. However, I thoroughly enjoyed the conversations the kids would have with their father, who never shied from telling them the truth as it is, teaching them valuable life lessons in the process.As the story progressed, and the case took precedence in the events of the book, I was absolutely fascinated by the character development that these kids went through, especially Jem as we see him grow up right before our eyes. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white people of Maycomb, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.The one scene where the kids go looking for their dad at night and find him guarding the prisoner to protect him from mobs that seeks to lynch Tom Robinson at the jail. Scout instinctively runs to her dad to try and save him from the violence of those confused, morally torn apart men and speaks to Walter Cunningham, asking him about his son and trying to be polite like her father taught her to be. Mr. Cunningham displays his human goodness when Scout’s politeness compels him to disperse the men at the jail. That scene brought tears to my eyes and filled me with so much love and admiration for that little girl but also for the father who raised these children.This is such a compelling story full of heart. The ending, although read before, still made me emotional.I love this book, and I cannot recommend it enough."
Who doesn't love this book!
"an instant favorite, and I'm already looking forward to the re-read. I think I'll wait a few years. God willing. it's a great reminder of the true nature of people being mostly genuinely good."
As described!
"A very thoughtful book.  I must say the main character was very perceptive for her age, but maybe kids in 1930 were.  They didn't have so many mind invading distractions and had opportunity to observe the people around them."
"There is nothing like a classic. This the classic story of race and dissension that unfolds in a court case. Is the person of color guilty, simply because he is a person of color? Of course, there's more to the story."
A classic that I finally got to read
What can I say?  It's a classic and a Pulitzer prize winner.
Very good
Purchased for daughter for required reading for school.  She liked the book.
I read it recently because I saw it on a list of 25 novels you should read. I agree with the list. It is a great story.
"Even though the first few chapters were kind of confusing towards th middle it gets really good . I wish the ending was a little longer but you can't change a classic. Well I hope you get a chance to read it, it's a really good book"
How can one not give this book five stars?!  It deserves 10!
Such a good book. I really enjoyed reading it.
You just gotta read this - and then see the film!
"I have loved this book all my life. This is the best book ever written. Characters finely drawn, noble men like Atticus, Tom Robertson. Beautiful females like Miss Maudie and Scout, and finally two evil villians in Mayella and Bob Ewell."
Book exactly as described. Quick shipping. Thank you!
"WARNING:  This is not a review of the book, which deserves 5 stars, but a comment on the description of the Kindle enhanced edition.  The list of devices on which this is allegedly available includes Kindle for PC, but when I purchased it and downloaded it, all of the audio and video features stated that they were not available."
"I rated this 3 stars because it was okay. I had to read it and everybody was telling me it would get better, but it never really did."
it's very good book indeed. helped me learn and understand part of the US culture that I haven't consider much earlier.
One of the best books ever written
"Beautifully written with spare movement and a simple plot which when combined manages to pose many of the great questions facing the American people.  Character development is a modern classic with lean prose and surprises behind many characters.  Issues of right or wrong turn from black and white perspectives until only the children can see the divide.  The young female character, Scout, is an iconoclastic role for young girls following their own inner voice.  A joy to retread 50 years after I read it in junior high school."
Really nice a few inappropriate words but still a good book. I really like the setting of the book. Can't wait to see the movie.
I enjoyed  this classic from old south and life a long time ago. Hope others will find it just as interesting as I did. Barbara Loehman
Loved this book when I read it 40 years ago and loved it again now.
I have heard of this book since 1960. Now 54 years later I have enjoyed reading it. Everyone should read this classic.
"This was an awesome awesome story!  Jean Louise kept me on my toes and made me laugh.  Jem was so intelligent to be so young.  This was a very moving story of life in motion and truly touched my soul.Everyone should have an Atticus Finch in their lives.  I truly admired his integrity, core values, high moral and ethical nature, extreme love of life and respect for all people.Most important was his gentle love and respect reserved for his precious children.  I am in love with Atticus Finch.  He is truly one of a kind."
This book is a classic and should be on everyone's reading list. Beautiful story showing the struggles between right and wrong told through the eyes of children in the 1930's
Have no idea why I never read this before. It holds your interest to the end. Hard to put down.
"We have all most likely read this in high school, but many years later I decided to re-read it with my highschooler.  Once I started it, I could barely put it down.  The character development is absolutely amazing and the interactions between the characters are priceless.  Discovered when I was finished that some organization declared this book the best work of fiction in the 20th century and I can see why."
A haunting read that you will remember forever.
The book was good.. the parts I read.(I read most of it... having to read 4+ chapters a night plus other homework is hard to do and get to bed at a decent hour).
"This is my favorite book. Harper Lee has wonderfully represented the Alabama of the 1930s by taking the reader beyond the observer's point of view. With the turn of each page, the reader is engaged in the story as if he/she was actually present in Alabama at that time. This is not just any other coming of age story, but it is an insightful one by making us thing from the point of view of the characters in the book, particularly Scout Finch. I read it as a young adult in high school, but this book is also for the adults alike. Each time you read it, you can take something new out of it, something worthwhile that you may not have realized it in your previous reads."
"Best book, best movie ever!"
outstanding!
My favorite all time book. So glad to have it on my Kindle!
"It's rare to find a novel this perfect. I'd be happy to trade arguments with anyone on the degree of perfection, but there's no doubting the cultural importance and impact of Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird. Also, whether you're 15 or 50, it's just fun to read.There are a dozen angles to Lee's masterpiece that each alone could warrant volumes of discussion, as I'm sure many have already done so. The glue that holds it together though, the one bit of genius that originally allowed this easily-distracted teenager way back in his 9th grade English class to connect with a story when little else could, was seeing the fictional world of 1930's small town Alabama through the eyes and speech of Jean Louis ""Scout"" Finch. My childhood bears little resemblance to the town of Maycomb, but imagining myself as a neighbor of Jem and Scout's is as effortless and natural as eating one of Miss Maudie's cakes. That's the power and simplicity of Lee's writing."
One of the best books ever! Honest!
"Excellent portrayal of characters, especially the mindset of a young and intelligent girl, not satisfied with pat answers.  Deals openly with racial challenges of a small southern town."
"One of the finest books ever written!  Beautiful story of family, acceptance and growing up."
I first read this book in seventh grade.  I am not sure how many times I have read it since.  This is my favorite book.  These characters will remain with you long after you finish reading.
Should have read this in school but did not.  As an adult I enjoyed this very much.  Well written.
Didn't want it to end.
Very good book. And from amazon it's cheaper then in store.
One of the greatest books ever written. I re-read it every few years yet it still brings a tear to my eye.
"Loved this book in high school, but I love it even more now!! I'm from a small town in Georgia, so I can completely relate to all these characters!"
True classic.  Timeless.  Loved it.
"Advertized as a ""library copy""...hardly!  The book was a small 41/2 x 7 inch cheap copy...not one you would put in your collection of classic books."
Great price for a great book
The careful lead in to a story that is unforgettable makes me want to be a better writer. Harper Lee builds inexorably to the climax of race and fear that we all face in our human condition. Characters are carefully developed and revealed.
Very good read
"I know I was supposed to have read this marvelous classic as a kid. I was a HORRIBLE reader.  At 68 years old, I finally got around to it. It is delightful, insightful and sad to think that I was a child at the same time this was going on in America.  I was in Southern California, where things were quite different between the races. I' so glad I didn't live in the south! You will enjoy this book!"
Best book ever.
Amazing!  Love it!
Loved it!
To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite movie. The book is that much better and tells a deeper story. I LOVED it!
"This was so good. I've seen some of the movie and so as I was reading compared what remembered about the movie to the book. It seems the movie followed the book pretty closely. I loved Atticus and the children: Jem and Scout, Miss Maudie, Calpurnia. And I have to admit by the end of the book I even liked Aunt Alexandra. Harper Lee's characters were real Southerners and I could relate even though I have never lived in a small town. The subject was very sad and was upsetting but I loved her social commentary from a child's point of view.  Atticus was a better parent than he was given credit for by his sister and I feel she realized that towards the end. So glad my book club chose this book to read this time."
Mind blowing
"This book was amazing! I found it very adventurous, a little mysterious, and along with mysterious, it was a little creepy, but in a very interesting way. I found the book confusing at times, but I still enjoyed it very much! It's a great book!"
Great Classic! Should be mandatory reading in schools..
"Still a classic piece of reading on racism. I enjoyed reading this again, Atticus, Jem and Scout teach a great lesson about humanity in a close knit southern town in the 1940's. Renew your faith in the human spirit."
"Old book, old film but after recent t problems in the south, a good book to reread, wonderful touching story, a must for every American."
"I really loved this book since it has amazing characters. Scout is a very interesting character and showcases the innocence of a child growing up and experiencing new things. It's also very catchy because it is an older Scout telling the story of her childhood. I think the story has a very good flow and the story keeps us attached. It doesn't quite get too boring and gives us an idea of the period of time and its culture as well. There isn't much racism where I live, and in this period of time too, so it gives a look in the past from a child's eyes which is really interesting. The mystery in the story about Boo also is awesome since we keep wanting to know more and more about him and see him like the kids too. Near the ending where Boo was finally shown was also a nice touch and the ending itself was very nice and simple. The way the story was told also had some flashbacks in between here and there adding on to the nice flow. I really liked this book."
This book is such a CLASSIC.  Every time I read it the story and writing never disappoint!
A classic - better the second time around
This has always been one of my favorite books!
Great book. My all time favourite
Such a wonderful book.  It must have been so controversial  when it first came out.  A wonderful look back on how life was and possibly still is in the south.
Outstanding.  Timeless.
H j I I I I I I I I j I j j ink I h j j I great book
It was as good as I remembered. It's a great book to re-read.
"Okay,,,,,,I started reading late in life!!I am trying to catch up!!  Slowly:-)What a great, great book.  A story about a lawyer dad,his son & daughter and the southern town in which they live.Child-parent relationships, legal proceedings, race relations,small town interactions, society rankings and some humor toboot.  Well written and very engaging.  I can see why this isone of the best, EVER."
"This is probably one of the most overrated novels.  True, it touches a good topic, and that's probably why it has received so much praise.  But in terms of storytelling, I just don't see how good Ms. Lee's skills are.  The plots are rather cheap, the descriptions from the perspective of a little girl sound pretentious.  There's got to be a reason why Ms. Lee only wrote one novel in her whole life, and to me, it is that she's only a mediocre writer.  Her fellow Alabamian, Truman Capote, is way better."
One of the best books I have ever read!!!!!  This is a book that is a must read.  I highly recommend it.
Excellent view of a slice of America and an explanation of the vast differences among us today.  Whisper sync is great!
Favorite book!
best book ever written
"My sister once told me that she had to read this book when she was in college. I thought that it must have been boring because she never told me much about the storyline. Recently I started trying to read old books that have remained popular throughout my lifetime (Gone with the Wind, Wuthering Heights, Pride and Prejudice, Etc..) I wanted to know why people loved these books so much that they seemed permanent in a world filled with change. As I read one after another, I understand completely. I will not tell you the story of Atticus, Jem, Scout, Tom, and the Ewells. The author did a great job of telling it already. Just read it. The Mayberry charm, and the innocence of children, followed by some worldly wickedness will keep your full attention. And then the ending will make you smile. BTW..... This is not a guide for bird watchers. Lol"
Excellent book. A joy to read this novel again
This book is so €&4933&&@ boring
Great book!
Still powerful today.
Classic. Arrived on time!
"great book! i was surprised a book of it's content. published during a time in our american history where vast racial division was apart of our daily existence. however, it is a must read. i hope this book is still on the required book reading list in our public schools. it is vital to have books that challenges our moral character. a book that make you ask yourself, how do i judge other's. do i view the surface of mankind or do i try to view the core, will i look underneath the surface, am i willing get to the root and/or do i care see the heart of mankind? am i willing to or will i face my fears to look at the soul of man - not just the face? this book forces you, me and us to ask the hard question. am i a them and us person or am i apart of...we the people?"
Classic in kindle
One of the best stories I have read this year!
"When I read it first some 10 years back, I learned that even children can judge a situation like adults and act accordingly"
"It should be on everyone's reading list.  If it wasn't assigned while you were in school, read it now.  If you read it in school, read it again and see how your life-experiences have broadened your awareness and where you still have opportunities for growth."
Love love love this book!
One of the best books ever written!
Required for my daughter's class in high school.
"This was definitely one of the best books I have ever read.  There is no question why it is near the top of so many ""must read"" lists.  The hardest part was trying not to picture Gregory Peck when reading about Aticus Finch!"
What kind of a question is that? I named my son Atticus. It's TKAM! Possibly one of the best books ever written.
I read the Kindle version. I'm in my fifties and this was the first time I read this book. I'm sure glad I did. It's a very heartwarming and well written story.. It really highlights the good and bad in people. I plan to watch the movie very soon. Definitely recommended this book to all age groups.
Perfect book!  Fast shipping!
This classic work is so well-written and so truthful.  It is timeless. Now I want to see the movie again.
Excellent Seller. A+++
Another needed for my daughter's class.  Glad they were both found on Amazon and had great shipping!
Powerful read that is as relevant today as it was when first written. Just substitute one ethnic group for another and one can see that the story is being replayed around the world.
Exceptional
"A classic, of course.  Just reread it."
This book is amazing and always will be. This book will stand the test of time. It captures the human experience so well.
Excellent book - well written and thought provoking.  Reading it for the second time.
Great  read!!
I'm 13 and I read this for the first time. it's confusing at times but it was beyond amazing!I definitely recommend it!
"I recently read this book again. I read it once before, in high school, a number of years ago. I had forgotten some of it. Masterfully done. It's a shame Harper Lee never wrote any more books."
"Have seen the movie but it was nothing like the book, very, very, good read.Recommend it to everyone. Very interesting."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" displays amazing insight into the character of a community with its own sense of morality, personal dignity, and pride in family history. Through the eyes of a child, the reader, at first, strolls through daily life in Maycomb, Alabama, but eventually plunges into the throws of racial inequality. Scout, a well-read six year old, introduces her father, Atticus, and her brother, Jem, in the midst of daily routine at the Finch household which remained incomplete without Calpurnia, the Negro woman who helped Atticus raise his two children while he worked as a lawyer in town.Although Scout is not yet ten by the time the story ends, the lessons depicted are anything but childish. From a school system that countered her father’s efforts in teaching her how to read before the third grade to how the neighborhood treated the Radley household with its unusual occupants, deep seated habits, thoughts, and values are exposed. At times, I forgot the story was set in the 1930s because some of the issues seemed unfortunately all too familiar. Through Scout’s eyes, even the mob of men, confronting her father when he chose to represent a Negro in court, turned away from their evil intent when she, in her innocence, passed on a friendly message to the son of one man, Mr. Cunningham, in the crowd. His change of mind and his ability to convince the others to leave Atticus alone spoke volumes to the power of one voice to effect positive change in a sometimes chaotic world.There are simply too many lessons packed into this story. Numerous discussions may develop over the years and still we may not have exhausted this book’s insight, not only into Maycomb back in the 30s, but also into communities in modern day America. For some, the language may seem caustic, but when considering the time and place, it is no surprise the author wanted to maintain authenticity. I never read this book in high school, but I’m extremely pleased that I have finally read this masterfully written story now that I’m closer to Atticus’s age than Scout’s. This is a must read."
This story transcends the South and is a classic for all time. I will always see and hear Gregory Peck with each word.
A classic that everyone must read.
Surprisingly fast service.  Excellent condition as described.  Enjoying the book so very much.  Thank you!
"I grew up in a middle class white household that never addressed the topic of racism or prejudice in modern American culture. I believe this lack of discussion was my parents’ attempt to not encourage any form of prejudice in their children while they simultaneously battled the rooted effects of engrained prejudice within themselves. I respect their choices but recognize now how sorely unprepared this parenting style left me when I finally stepped out into the real world and witnessed the turmoil race/prejudice continues to cause in our country. I was naive and had no comprehension of the underlying effects of it. My lack of understanding lead to a lack of compassion. By the time I was part way through high school I had very little patience for “the race card”.Then, like most high schoolers, I was assigned to read and analyze Harper Lee’s To Kill A Mocking Bird. At the time books spoke to me in a way I myself hardly understood. I felt a strong kinship with Scout from the get go and immersed myself in her story. Before long I was surprised at how deeply this book began to effect me. I started to view some of the issues within our society with a drastic new lenses. I had a long way to go but it was a start. Scout had given me the chance I needed to openly discuss and analyze formally taboo topics. I was finally able to process the information I had been given and use it in a manner that helped shape the woman I am today.I like to believe that even if I hadn’t read this book I would have been able to draw similar conclusions through other means. However, I’ll never really know that for sure. The only thing I can say definitively is that this book should be in the hands of every teenager in the nation. A must read!"
"In one of the best starts to a book that I can remember, this classic Pulitzer Prize winner begins with a quote: ""Lawyers, I suppose, were children once--Charles Lamb""Writing this review feels a little too much like a high school English assignment so I'm going to keep it (somewhat) brief.  It's an incredible book, and every bit deserves its Pulitzer and place on many Top 100 lists.Once you've suspended your disbelief that your 8-yr old tom-boy narrator, Scout, is a natural wordsmith with an uncanny talent for deconstructing the messy, complex adult world into powerful and moving observations you'll love it.Scout's father Atticus is a beacon of progressive thought and moral standing in deeply racist 1930s Alabama.  This from Miss Maudie: ""What I meant was, if Atticus Finch drank until he was drunk he wouldn't be as hard as some men are at their best. There are just some kind of men who - who're so busy worrying about the next world they've never learned to live in this one, and you can look down the street and see the results.""And I completely agree with his philosophy on answering kids' questions, here he reproaches his brother after he evades Scout's question about the meaning of ""whore-lady"": ""Jack! When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness' sake. But don't make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion quicker than adults, and evasion simply muddles 'em.""This quote also shows his intense desire to be the best he can, when faced with a moral crisis right at the end of the book: ""Sometimes I think I'm a total failure as a parent, but I'm all they've got.  Before Jem looks at anyone else he looks at me, and I've tried to live so I can look squarely back at him...if I connived at something like this, frankly, I couldn't meet his eye, and the day I can't do that I know I've lost him.  I don't want to lose him and Scout, because they're all I've got.""Some spoilers coming.  If you didn't read it in high school, you should go read it now.There are some incredibly powerful scenes in the book, particularly Atticus camping outside the jail to protect his client.  Scout defuses an angry mob with a big dose of childish naivete that humanises and personalises Atticus, changing him from the man defending the subject of the mob's hatred, to a father and neighbour.After the dramatic events of the trial, the denouement seems a little weird.  Basically you know there's something bad still coming, and we just have to sort of wait around for it to show up.  Once it does show up it's shocking, and Scout's simple ""Hey, Boo"", after the dramatic events is incredibly raw and emotional. ""Boo was our neighbor.  He gave us two soap dolls, a broken watch and chain, a pair of good-luck pennies, and our lives."" 5 stars.Read more of my reviews at g-readinglist.blogspot.com"
"Harper Lee's book is a modern classic that I should have read in high school, if not earlier, but I'm glad to have read it now. I needed the reminder that Lee brings to us: that good and evil exist in this world, dispersed throughout moral characters.Atticus Finch and his families' story reminds us that there is evil in the world, but it is done out of so much more than just pure hatred or evil in the abstract. Yet there is also good in the world. We can acknowledge the evil of humanity and keep a faithful hope in people for the better. That does not mean a simple and dumb trust, but an optimism and appreciation towards what good there is, and hard work towards more.Innocence is constantly betrayed, but it is not destroyed."
I love this book though i would like to know what happened to jem. Lovely just lovely. I love it so much
"My favorite story, my favorite film.  Just had to reread it for the sheer brilliance and pleasure and impact.  Just extraordinary.I grew up in the South  in the 60's and the relationships between classes and  races in Sothern communities were much the same as thy were in the 30's .  In fact,  it is still  prevalent. My mom took me to see this film when I was 9 and it rocked my world.  I immediately connected with  Scout; she was and has remained a favorite friend in my memories of childhood. Seeing the world through Scout, Jem, and Atticus' eyes had a profound effect on me and my own world view."
A lot of people really liked the book but to be honest I just thought it was descent. Not bad but not great. I actually enjoyed the movie more.
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a rare experience in the medium. I was immediately drawn into the world of Maycomb through the eyes of a rambunctious and endearing young lady with a cast of characters as well crafted as any I'd ever read. This book deserves every ounce of praise it has received. My only regret is that it took me this long to get around to it. Very strongly recommend.
"This book touches on many subjects which affect our lives even today. I read this book to remind myself of its importance. It's a classic used in high schools, but to get the full impact you need to read it again as an adult. A true American classic!"
"Wonderful book, now I have to read the book about Harper Lee!"
"When I read it in high school in the sixties I had a totally different perspective than now...it is an extremely powerful,unsettling,and brilliant commentary on attitudes in rural South. Unfortunately I think some of these attitudes still abide. No wonder after 50 years it is still a top novel."
Timeless classic
"Excellent story, I think this was the only novel this woman wrote, if true, what a shame, though she hit a bases load home run on her first at bat! Maybe she just didn't want to ruin her average."
"First let me say that I am NOT an avid reader...but I am trying to be.  Due to the mundane programs that we are presented with in television, I decided to get back into reading. Wow...what a mistake I made choosing this book! I realize that it is a classic, I just don't know why?Five times I almost threw it away, but I stuck with it and I must admit that, to me, it was one of the most boring books I have ever read. The author incessantly goes on and on describing room and neighborhood surroundings to the point of total boredom. Also there is page after page of descriptive junk of people where you find yourself saying,  ""WHO CARES""!!If you suffer from insomnia...read this book."
"An American classic that should be read by everyone. Having read this as a teenager for a school assignment many years ago, I thought I knew everything there was to know about it. Recently, I re-read it for a local book club and was pleasantly surprised to see how much more there was to gain from this wonderfully written novel. A coming of age story certainly but in this age of conformity, it's refreshing to embrace one of it's main themes. Don't become a victim of other people's expectations of you. Be your own person, question everything and be true to your ideals. True thoughts then and now. I highly recommend this masterfully written novel."
I always wanted to read this book and finally decided to with my Kindle.  I like a book that will want me to keep coming back to it when I have to put it down for awhile. I would recommend this to my generation (55-65 yrs old) as we know and what we were taught that went on back in those days.
"one of the best reads, worth the time to get to know this book"
The classic story of a young girl's experience in the South is still accessible and relevant today.
It is and I think will remain a great read throughout your life.  I know that is true for me.  I suggested my granddaughter read To Kill a Mockingbird and she loved it.  The characters literally come alive.  Wow!
I read this book in my twenties.  I am now 66 just reread it.  I picked up very interesting insights and nuances the second time around.  All classics should be read again for different perspectives.
Amazing book. Points out the errors of racism without becoming too dark.
Wonderful classic never tire of it.
"In 2014, there are many people who are very vocal about racism but the context of the arguments tend toward political agenda.  Harper Lee writes about racism in the context of history,  relationships, religion, the human heart, and our daily lives.  She captures the truth in the eyes of a child whose only agenda is that everyone should be treated fairly and with respect.  From this perspective, Lee gives a scorching indictment of institutional (societal) racism with which one can offer no rebuttal: to which one can only concede: to which one can only respond by endeavoring to reverse.  Contemporary minority advocates must regain the moral high ground, arguing with a child's innocence, if they want to change the world the way Martin Luther King Jr. did and the way this book did."
MAYBE THE BEST IN AMERICAN LIT CIRCLES!
Bought this for our two homeschooled teenagers to read for school. It's a classic.
I actually liked this book I thought it would be boring and it wasn't it's a good school book though and if it gets boring listen to the audio book
A decent read.
Book is great.  free delivery took the maximum days which wasn't that great
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is more than the usually discussed issues of racial bigotry and the human condition under trial. Don't let me take away from those values at all, but Harper Lee has written a book transcending a literary social commentary. She has written a love story.A love story? How? Who gets married? Does anyone kiss? Are there passages of deep romance? No, no, no, none of that. Try instead family love.Atticus is the kind of single dad we need to see more of in this generation. He cares for his children so much that he protects them from the fires of his grown-up life of representing an innocent man. He protects them from the full impact of his neighbor's lies. He shows them how to love them, even though he knows his neighbors hate him and the love of fellow man he represents.If all Atticus, the father, did, was love the innocent man, he would be doing a good thing, but he demonstrates love and allows dignity (when possible) for the ones persecuting the innocent. He shows he is a big man, and his children mimic this sense of understanding.Deeply rooted in the memories of his children, the story has a gentle subtext of growing up. You can almost taste the lemonade of the porch and smell the flowers in nearby gardens.Lee's power as an author here is that she does let her statements about humanity overtake the story. Rather, she lets the story tell the story, and she just writes down what happened in her imagination.Her characters are not paste-up Southern children or adults, but complex characters all of us relate. Relationships are embedded in the depth of being neighbors. This creating a milieu of angst in Atticus' children when they see the adults warring in court and out of court in matters of truth.I fully recommend this book, and think to give it the best reading possible, examine how interwoven the story is with its various cultures and characters. The power of Lee's message will be plenty clear.Anthony Trendlamericanspeechwriter.com"
perfect
"I've always wanted to read this book and I finally did. I was not disappointed. It has such old values and insights to the way people viewed life. I like the way it made you stop and see people so differently. Although women were not public figures in decision making, it gave insight as to how they worked the system to get their way. It made me feel very sorry for black people."
"I wanted to read To Kill a Mockingbird again and the copy I borrowed from school had print that was waaaaay too small for these old eyes.  I rarely buy Kindle books but I was happy to pay $3.99 to have a readable copy of this eminently re-readable classic and the video extras that came with it. With its historical references and Southern cliches and vernacular it was especially nice to have a searchable device to dig into the meanings of some of the things mentioned in the book. Pickled peaches - mmmmmm, I have a peach tree gonna have to try that.  And Morphodite - who know?"
This book is a classic but is a good read after all these years.  You won't be disappointed.  Sorry I waited so long to read it.
Me reviewing a Pulitzer Prize  winner is kind of silly. The book is extraordinary : a wonderful tale of the interaction among the races in America. Great characters and a page turner
"One of several classics I bought for my grandkids, as the oldest one was going to be reading Catcher in the Rye for school.  Sent them to them so I haven't actually seen the books myself.  My satisfaction of them is based on this: having all these books in the house all three boys, even the 8-year old, began reading them.  Curiosity and opportunity, I guess."
"I'm so glad one of my favorite novels has finally been released in a Kindle edition.  I seriously considered writing to Harper Lee to implore her to allow someone to re-publish TKAM as an e-book, worried she might be averse to ""newfangled"" technology.  I've worn through several paperbacks over the years since I re-read TKAM when I have nothing new (it and A Confederacy of Dunces are all I'd need on a desert island...) so having this edition will ensure as long as I have electricity I'll have a copy.The bonus of an e-book is the ability to search for passages with a keyword or two.  After I got this edition I spent the better part of an afternoon looking up different sections, such as the children's escapades with Mrs. Dubose and Atticus's wonderful line ""You look like a picture this evening."" (""I never heard Atticus say like a picture of what."") and the late night encounter with the would-be lynch mob outside the jail."
Light & heart warmingWorth a reading. Harper Lee has complied tragedy and love in a very touching way.Must read.
"Harper Lee wrote only one book, but it is one heck of a first book.  I don't know why she never wrote a second novel.  I think she is one of the best authors in the 20th century."
A wonderful book. I can't believe I waited so long to read it.
boring to no extent like i know slavery was bad and judging blacks and all that is bad but like come on were over it
"I am returning to teaching To Kill a Mockingbird after 16 years of not teaching it, so I bought several teachers' guides and lit crit books to reinvigorate my approach. This was by far the most helpful. Many of the essays are actually quite critical of the novel, which help present a more balanced approach. The essays definitely taught me much about a novel I thought I new inside and out. If you are going to teach TKM, even to middle school students, get this book!"
"I love this book, my favorite of all time.  I read it at least once per year and have over decades.  I find something new every time.  This was my first time reading it on Kindle, it was a lovely format, and will probably be my go-to edition for years to come.  If you haven't read it before, put it at the top of your list of what to read next!  You won't regret it."
Wonderful! Kept seeing Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch!
excellent
one of the most perfect stories EVER!
Great reading book for my daughter
Was exactly the book my daughter needed for school.
A classic. I've read this book a dozen times since I was about 10 years old and it always moves me and teaches me. I was so glad that this masterpiece finally became available in digital format. It's perfect.
I could not put it down. I would recommend it to anyone of conscience. It made me laugh: It made me cry: It made me think. The message is timeless.
Enjoyed revisiting this classic !
"I was told that most people read this BEAUTIFUL piece of literature while in HS. Sure wish I had,but perhaps now at 76 I appreciated more !!  I will surely encourage my 7grandchildren to make this masterpiece on true values and equality a must read!!"
"Simply the best!  The use of words, the humor, the tragedy of the south, it is simply the best."
"Atticus tells his children, 'You never know a person until you walk in their shoes'.  Set in southern USA in the 1930s with racial prejudice rife, lawyerAtticus Finch defends a black man accused of raping a white girl.  He is ostracised by his community but teaches his children with his words and actions that one should do what they know is right no matter what the consequence, and to look at others situation."
"Loved every page of this book. I was so sad when I came to,the end. Such a pity that Harper Lee wrote only the,one book."
"This is one of the best books I have ever read in my entire life. It had a great impact on me when I read it so many years ago as a student, but I had not realised then, not only was the subject important, but just how well written it is.I understand why Harper Lee didn't feel the need to write anything else after this. Its label of ""MASTERPIECE"" is certainly well justified."
excellent book that is as relevant today as it was when written and the time frame the story is placed in.
"An excellent, timeless drama.  Delightfully written in the first person ...as seen through the eyes an innocent young girl."
A classic must have!
Always a classic and heartwarming tale.
a down home story with complex characters that keep you on your toes. I didn't read it in high school and was so glad to see it on kindle!
Best book ever!
Even more pertinent today than when it was published fifty years ago.
gotta read this every several yearsquick delivery
For my son in high school.
"I know this is a great book, unfortunately I didn't know the class had about 100 in stock for mandatory reading.  =("
"Favorite book of all time, so glad it came out as digital, I can read & re-read as I wish!"
"Apart from the annoying protagonists' hesitance, abruptness, frequent repetition of words to show the concern for their brethren, the book`s plot was entertaining. Though I do have to admit that I was expecting something at the end to happen and it turned out to be just that( An intended presumption from the author`s implications? Not sure yet). The story conveys the discrimination and bias that puts the African American at a disadvantage in a judicial procedure from a child`s view. Neither too persistantly presented nor bitterly harangued in the book, the discrimination lain throughout society is superbly taken down by Atticus`s charismatic speeches and Scout`s bewilderment at how some people can be treated unequally"
This book will not 'get' you from the start; you will be about halfway through and ready to give up before things start getting exciting.  It is a lesson in humanity and I don't regret reading it.  I can certainly understand the many talking points that make it a good class room study.
"Great author, terrific story-too bad this her only book!"
Great story and shows us what  real racism is.
"I read this book about 35 years ago loved it then, and love now"
"I have used this book for history - parenting - civil rights, just about any subject you can think of. I read it every year."
Great!
I never read this as a child but I am extremely glad I've finally experienced its magical and down-to-Earth story. TKAM is now one of my most favorite books. I will cherish the experience of reading it for the rest of my life.
"This, in addition to ""In Cold Blood"" is one of the classics that I was never made to read in school and, unfortunately I have to admit never even saw the movie. Only recently when I became aware of the controversy surrounding the biography of Harper Lee did I realize the story was one I might want to read. Not the Harper Lee piece, but the novel.So glad I did."
This book has always been one of my favorites.
The best book ever written. Everyone should read it st least once in their lifetime
great
Great book
this is my favorite book. it changed the way that i view the world. it will always be a classic. i loved reading it.
"This book is one of the most iconic reads in my lifetime. It was the first book for me, which I read at about 12 years old , that opened up a word that I didn't know of. One of racism and unfairness that didn't exist for me or my family.It is a world seen through the eyes of a young girl in a town in the Deep South of America. A town full of contradictions which when faced with a confronting situation cannot depart from long held ideas of people and their place in their society. It is a tightly written novel that shoes the vulnerability of humans and the need that we have of people who are prepared to take a stand against inherent wrongs. A Wonderful read that will stay with you always!"
Cheap!
great book - BUT the computerized voice is awful - would much prefer a human
A great American Novel.
"Very well written story, loved it!"
A well written account of life in the South in the 1930s. A heart wrenching tale of racism and intolerance.
Great reading
"I have missed out for many years. This was a quick, but very well written book. It is definitely a new favorite of mine."
most inspiring book
Great!
Can't say enough good things about this book.  Have read it at least 50 times over the last 30 years and was so glad to have it available in Kindle version.  Best book ever written in my humble opinion.
"Great classic worth reading!  Empathetic, sincere content."
Masterpiece!
This is the second time I've read the book & enjoyed as much this time as the last. This is a must read.
One of the best books I have ever read. I love this book and can read it over and over again. It is just as relevant today as it always has been.
Made a great xmas present for my daughter.
Great condition
"Beautiful story , heartwarming characters transport you back to a simple time, when life was very different , gripping and real , loved this book ."
classic book what can I say more
"I was forced to read this book in high school, and resistant to it then.  Consequently, I did not even remotely appreciate that amazing classic that this book truly is.Having now read this by choice as an adult, I can see what possibly my English teacher might have wanted me to get out of it, and so much more.  I have been in the process now of re reading a number of these old classical books from an adult perspective, it is a very fascinating experience…well worth it."
My all time favorite book.. I read it in high school and college. It was wonderful to read on my own time. So well written! Everyone needs to read this wonderful book at least one.
Favorite book. I listened to it with Sissy Spacek performing. Fantastic
Fast delivery. Good read.
"An amazing read. I had never had the chance to read it in school, was very happy to see it finally as an ebook. Will not disappoint. The story of the post confederate south through the eyes of an innocent girl with guidance from her father. Outstanding."
"Most people read this book in HS. However my school focused mostly on classic sci-fi and dystopian stories (1984, a clockwork Orange, metamorphosis, Frankenstein...etc). So, in an effort to catch up on some of the classics, I checked this out from the Seattle Public Library. I don't know what to say without spoiling this great work so I'll just say it was an excellent story and that I loved it."
I read it years ago and loved it and reread it now and loved it even more. Everyone (any age) should read it and learn how to live with others.
Good book I guess I needed to read it for class like most high schoolers would have to but good
Sad
Great.
Can't believe I'd never read this. As good as the movie. What a voice that she gives to Scout. Should be required reading in middle school.
"a little childish on one end, but very insightful on the othera good interesting book on justice or lack of it"
"Absolutely delightful book that gives the reader a view of the world in the 1930s through the eyes of children. By using the perspectives of Scout, Jem, and Dill, Harper Lee is able to bring to light serious social issues using the wit only a child character could get away with and still be sincere. Strangely enough, I find many of the social aspects of this book still relevant today. Sure, we, as a society, would like to think we have moved beyond all these social stigmas...but have we REALLY?? We still encounter people everyday who believe they are "" above others"" simply because they we born rich or privileged. We still look down our noses at people who utilize the welfare system and we are fully aware that there are those in our society that abuse the welfare system, have no ambition to be anything more, and yet feel they are entitled to many things. And we STILL have our prejudices...those that we have learned throughout our lives that we were not born with. And we FEAR what we can't understand. I was never required to read this book while in school but I believe I would have loved it anyway!! I recommend this book to everyone!!"
This book Is clearly one of the greatest works in American literature.
classic
Thoroughly enjoyed. Movie was terrific but the book delivers so much more in exploring the finer details.
"Enjoyed this book which I had meant to read as a teenager, but left it a little late, as I am now an Octogenarian!!!"
"Really liked this book, although it took me a bit to comprehend and get straightened out the first couple of chapters. But after that it was good. Book was used and in great condition."
So glad this finally became available as an eBook. Thank you! Required reading for anyone who loves a good story that is well told.
I had seen the movie but the book was still wonderful.
"Everyone in America should read or reread this book, because some of the same racial tensions are happening in America today. We must work toward eradicating this mindset. The constitution states ""that all men are created equal."""
"5 stars are based on the combinationof reading the Kindle  book and the Audible versionread by Sissy Spacek.  She brought the characters to life ; the likable  characters , the lovable ones,  and the despicable ones."
"What should I say about To Kill a mocking bird. It is one of the most beautiful way to write a story told from a young childs eye even though the subject matter is a harsh one of rape, racism and bias and prejudice. I think perhaps it has influenced other books too. Harper Lee tells the story so vividly that you live the story. This story should be made mandatory for every American teenager so that they understand what people who are different go through in a society that does not want to accept anything different but wants to pretend everything is fine."
I somehow missed out on reading this in high school. I'm not sure how that happened so I decided to remedy this oversight and I'm glad I did. It's a quick read and a fascinating snapshot at a historical period of our country that is sadly all too relevant today.
Excellent!  I read this in high school and remembered how much I was moved by this book.  Still meaningful after 50 years!
Read it over and over through the years.  Gets better each time
"I had to read this in high school, so consequently, I never realized what a great book this really is.  If, like me, you only read it because it was assigned, you owe it to yourself to re-read it for yourself."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is perhaps the greatest of all American novels, and arguable in the top ten of all English language novels.  Atticus Finch represents the character traits that have made America a great nation, and the values he defended should be sacred to all true Americans.  It is a shame that Harper Lee only wrote one novel."
I enjoyed this book very much. I had never read it but was vaguely aware of the movie.  Having the story told by an eight year girlwas very entertaining. The books I've read by John Grissom are very similar in nature. I would and did recommend this bookto my family and friends. The story was thought provoking and I waited a week or so before starting another book so I couldmull over the story line.
"I read the book when it was first published. The second time around was just as delicious. Wonderful literature merits more than one time around in its reading. The only problem, and it belongs to me only, is that I could not get Gregory Peck and the superb movie out of my head.Harper Lee's only novel is wonderful and worth reading again and again. Procuring it is another matter;  I received a very badly marked up copy advertised ""Like New."" This seller had a 100% approval too. So, beware."
Great book great service from Amazon
"I decided to read this book because my 9th grade daughter was required to read it in school. I found the first chapter hard to get through . However, I quickly became invested in the characters and found it hard to put down. The subject matter is compelling and unfortunately easy to relate to in today's society. I am so glad I can say I read this book."
Amazing book this is defiantly a must read!
Great read! Last time I read this it was in high school and I still thoroughly enjoyed it. Read it also to my children.
Great book
I haven't read this in years and enjoyed reading it again so much.  There was so much I had forgotten.  All the detail that is not in the movie.  Well worth another read!!
"A classic that traps you from the beginning.  The adventures and games  of the siblings Scout and Jem, their righteous father, the mysterious neighbor,  interest the reader from the first page. Then the 'crime', the trial, the verdict and it is a whole new story by itself: prejudice, double standards, injustice come with it. Finally the end that pulls everything together.  A great book!"
One of the best books of all time.
My FAVORITE Movie of all time and Loved the movie!  Movie followed the book exactly!  Great Read - wish Harper Lee had written more!
"In my opinion, this is the best book ever written. So glad it's finally available for Kindle :-!"
"I love the movie but was concerned that the book would be really X rated.  I haven't gotten too far into the book but it is well written, fills in so many details you don't know from the movie, and is so interesting I hate to put it down!!"
Wonderful book
I have read over and over and never tire of this book.  One of the greats...
"This book still remains my all time favorite novel.  I first read To Kill A Mockingbird back in 8th grade and it kindled a passion to fight against injustice in any minority group.  I think that it was because of this book that I worked and fought for many years for the Rights and Responsibilities of people with disabilities.  As Martin Luther King Jr. said ""Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.""  Harper Lee captured that very succinctly in the story of Atticus Finch, his family and his fight for justice."
classic
Loved it. First few chapters were very slow and boring but after that I thought it was a really lovely story and couldn't put it down. I loved Atticus and everything he stood for and it leaves you with a warm feeling.
"A book that remains a timeless classic. It can be read and re-read with as much pleasure each time. How sad that the themes are still relevant today, when such racial hatred 's should be long behind us."
Classic story! Sissy Spacek's narration is perfect.
So glad this was finally available for my Kindle. Sure was worth the wait!
A nice story.
"i read it when it first came out, but enjoyed it more now because the  world has changed so much for the better. still some racism, but not like at that time. thank GOD."
"Poignant, engaging, relevant and meaningful."
"Harper Lee capitalizes on her ability to portray childhood relationships. Scout, Atticus Finch's daughter, reveals the plot of this wonderfully written novel."
"By far, the best written Southern Gothic novel I've ever read."
"What a wonderful story!  This book changed my life!  I first read the book as a young child of ten, and I have read it over and over.  This is an amazing story of growing up in the South.  Yes, I highly recommend this book to my friends."
An absolute classic!  I had to have it at such a great price.
Great writing
How could anyone not rate this book a five?  I first read it in 9th grade and instantly fell in love.  So excited to finally see it in Kindel format.
"Okay, pretty slow for the first part of it though"
I find it difficult to put it into words all of my thoughts . But justice prevailed. I do believe in karma.
My all-time favorite book on my favorite device!
One of my all-time favorite books.
A classic to visit often. Each reading reveals new meaning to the reader.
"One of the most poignant books ever. A must read for so many different reasons. The story keeps anyone from 12-120 engaged, while showing a glimpse of the American south in the early forties. There are a lot of different themes to be discussed in this book, relating to racism, sexism, sexual assault, morals, etc. a must read for every middle schooler or high schooler. If you, as an adult, haven't read it, you should."
"I read To Kill A Mockingbird because it was something that I have been putting off since high school (fifty years ago). Am I glad I finally did! Harper Lee was excellent at portraying a small town in the deep south; I could not only imagine seeing but also hearing all of her characters. I think it ought to be required reading in American high schools, today. It is not only a major work of American literature, but it is equally relevant from a historical perspective."
One of the best books I've ever read
An American classic.  Should be required reading for all 4th grade students.
"Love this book always have. Scout is the best character, people reference Boo Radley in current tv and conversation. So glad it is finally in eBook form. Keep a well worn paperback next to my bed. My 3 copy in 20 years. Previous 2 fell apart from lots of lovely reading."
Great book
"Love Aticus, Scout and Bo Radley.  This is the second time I have read it and love it more this time."
Classic
Still a classic...glad I read it again as an adult. The story line feels different now than when I was a teenager.
Happy to finally  have read this book. It deserves all the great things said about it. I recommend it to all Americans.
"This is the best book ever written in my opinion.  It is a book that makes a person laugh and cry, feel happy and sad.  It is a great commentary of the mid-1950's and the treatment of people during that time period.  I think that Harper Lee was a master of the technique of show not tell.  This talent allows a person to get a real feel for the people and landscape and customs of that time and place.  I have read this book about 10 times and hope to live to read it 10 more."
best book ever
Book came in decent condition.
This book was absolutely amazing. Everyone should read it. I should have read this book a lot sooner than I did.
Excellent book that everyone should read at least once
If you haven't read this since High School reread it....I think I can promise you that you will enjoy it even more and perhaps on a different level.
"I chose this book because I am part of A Year of READING Dangerously book club -- and we are collectively reading all the books on the ALA 100 Top Banned Books list from 2000-2009. I have read it before and I will read it again. If any one is interested in joining the club go to www.facebook.com/YearofREADINGdangerously, the banned book list is in the ""About"" section, pick a book, read it and leave a review in the comments.To Kill a Mockingbird is a book of conflict hidden under a dusting of Chantilly powder and childhood innocence. Good vs bad... Aunt Alexandra's missionary circle vs white trash... tradition vs modern... innocence vs prejudice... 1930 vs 1960. Lee does a masterful job of transporting the reader back in time to Depression Era, small town, Alabama. She is deft in telling a story that is both a coming of age tale for Scout and Jem and a courtroom drama tale with Atticus at the helm."
Still a great book after all these years.
Favorite book an movie since I was a kid!
Best book ever written.
"Worth the time to reread the book after many years.  Captivating, well written and an excellent read."
It's my favorite book. I read it every summer.
an excellent movie for family. I read the book before and watch the movie again is a treat.
One of my favorites movies and book
The best book of the 20th Century.  Period.
Great read
This book is a classic you cannot live without.  Beautiful characters who draw you in and show you so much about people.  The book is about growing up and learning about how people and life interact.  The author carefully shows the loss of innocence in the children in the book as well as the town.  Compelling.  You will want to read it again and again and should.  Every reread turns up even more lovely words that you will remember forever.
"This is probably one of my all time favorite books! So good to reread it. Always pertinent and particularly timely with Ferguson, MO in our minds"
"Just as powerful today as ever "" hey Boo """
"never read the book, but I'm glad I did----very very wonderful!!!"
Good casual reading
I'm so slow in reading classic books but it is really worth it. Loved how it ended and how things happened.
SO WONDERFUL.  I AM SORRY AND ASHAMED THAT I HAD NEVER READ THIS BEFORE.  I LOVED EVERY PAGE!!!
a great peek into a simple but noble southern  family and a universal problem of racism.
A classic book dealing with simple things like the small town day-to-day games of a few children to more complex issues like race and the law at a time when it was still almost impossible for an innocent black person to be found not-guilty of a crime they didn't commit. This books is a bit slow at first but it slowly drew me in and I had a hard time putting it down. Give it a chance and I doubt you will be disappointed.
Enjoyable.
My two nieces needed a copy of this book for school.  Great book and outstanding service:)
Fast Deliver/Good Product
"I read this book a long time ago, and loved it. One of my daughters had to read it for school, so I picked it up and got hooked again. Easy to read, but it gives a lot to think about and discuss. Love it."
A favorite...
Perfect for school assignment
"Perhaps the greatest one hit wonder in American literature, Harper Lee in To Kill a Mockingbird created one of the best pre-teen main characters in the canon in Jean Louise (Scout) Finch, a highly precocious, tomboyish gamin whose first person narrative drives the book. I'm not a big fan of preternaturally wise kids in books and movies, but this is one of the few instances where it works brilliantly, allowing Lee to make insightful observations about grownup behavior through Scout's wise-beyond-her-years voice while still leaving her a (more or less) believable kid.The world Scout and her cohorts, brother Jem and neighbor Dil (based on Truman Capote), inhabit is wonderfully realized, a world of childhood bugaboos like the mysterious Radley house and inscrutable adult constructs like the school regimen. The first half of the book is almost perfect as Scout navigates her first forays into school (where she upsets the teacher by already knowing how to read), and she and Jem and Dil deal with the Radley mystery (the house is supposedly home to the mysterious Boo Radley, a young man who hasn't been seen for decades). This is a totally believable child world in the 1930s South with its simple pleasures and loose parenting attitudes (would any parent today allow a six or seven year old like Scout to run around the neighborhood as she does?)The second half of the book is the more famous and, at least to me, the more problematic. It deals with Scout's father Atticus' defense of a local black man accused of raping a white woman. This was a highly topical story thread in 1960 as the Civil Rights movement was getting in high gear (lunch counter sit-ins across the South started shortly before the book's publication). Personally, I think this is the weaker half of the book, though, because Lee I thinks yields to the urge to preach at her readers (especially through Atticus but also, incongruously, through the kids), which somewhat compromises the integrity of the characterizations.Frankly, Atticus comes off as just too darn perfect to be credible, and the kids' insights into racial relations is just a bit too advanced for me to swallow. In addition, the character of Calpurnia, the black house maid in the Finch household, is more a stereotype of the wise black woman than a real person.Nevertheless, all this is a relatively fairly minor flaw in what is rightfully regarded as an American classic."
This was a very interesting and great bookIt made me wonder what if the book was written by someone else than Scout. But I loved it.
Second time I've read this book and it was every bit as good the second time as it was the first
awful
Wonderful book.  I read it in about two days while traveling home on a few flights.  Great writing and a mesmerizing story.
"I've read this book close to twenty times and I'll read it twenty more.  Best ever, as far as I'm concerned."
Love it
Such a classic...Excellent book.
I  was unhappy with the ending.  I looked forward to an appeal that freed Robinson.
"It doesn't matter how many times I read this book, I notice something new and highlight different parts. Harper Lee is up there with Jane Austen for ability to showcase human nature and the evolution of relationships.  Start reading this book in high school and every ten years - as you mature, the book matures with you."
Loved this old classic.  I has taken me to 63 years to read it but understand how it has become so studied in schools.  A great lesson in intollance
The best book ever written.  I have read it at least 30 times in my life and have watched the movie many times as well.  Truely a classic.
So happy the author finally allowed this wonderful book to be digitized!
One of the classics.  A timeless read.
"Fantastic book....how did I miss reading this before now?? It was such a good read, it made me laugh and made me cry with many other emotions in between.  I just wanted to jump into the story and slap some of the characters and hug others.  I think a book that can emote those kinds of feelings is pretty awesome!!"
Even more enjoyable as an adult than when I had to read it in school.  Many themes are (sadly) still relevant today too.
"I picked up this book, expecting it to be like a few other classics I’ve read: dry, long-winded, and hard to read.  I was in for a total surprise.  This book was the farthest thing from other classics, and is perhaps my favorite of all – second only to Jane Eyre.This book is simply magical.  I’m not sure what it is about it, but I was very sad when it came to an end – I wanted to continue to read this story.  The way Scout portrays events is so innocent, yet so revealing.  I wish I could see the world through her eyes in my own life.“To Kill a Mockingbird” truly deserves every bit of praise regarding it.  Yes, there is some language, but it really does just go with the setting and characters.  Every relatively sensitive subject was dealt with gently – as I would expect as seen through the eyes of a child.This book has impacted me like no other, and I will not hesitate to recommend it to everyone.  There is something just so enchanting, captivating, and engrossing about this book.  Harper Lee is perhaps one of the most talented authors I’ve ever encountered.  Her writing style is simply unparalleled.  If I could give it higher than five stars, I certainly would!"
I should of read this years ago!  A beautifully written book that is brutally honest of human prejudices. We can all learn from the lessons within this book's covers.
Art Forger was a great read...I enjoy my Mah Jongg game...I have yet to read other purchases
One of my favorite books. A national treasure !
Second best book ever written
Excellent. Re read from a long time ago and still a wonderful story
One of the best books of all time. Rereading it is like going back in time and learning life lessons all over again.
"This is a book I have always wanted to read.  I love the way the author writes. It is well paced and has a nice balance of humor, a little mystery and makes a statement. Just as relevant today as when it was written."
Excellent!!!
"This is a good book, at the first part of the book you probably wouldn't like it but keep reading because the end is worth it"
A classic everyone should read.  Better than I remembered when read 40 years ago.
"The best line in this book is at the beginning.  It reads, ""Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.""From this point on one is taken on a journey spanning several years.  Although our protagonist grows up quite a bit along the way, never do we venture outside the small Alabama community of Maycomb, where this saga takes place. Scout is a young Alabama girl, a tomboy at that, who does all the things that most tomboys do, along with her brother Jem, four years her senior, and Dill, who professes his love for her.  Meanwhile they all end up in the rafters of the courthouse, watching Jem and Scout's lawyer father defend a black man from an all white jury (we are never told that it is all white, but I am assuming it is), who eventually find the accused guilty of rape of a white woman.The message of this book is many fold, but it is a message about the loss of innocence as seen through the eyes of one 8 year old in a small, Alabama town.  It is also written at a time when America is waking up to the collective cruelties left over from slavery, and the adverse effects of Jim Crow laws.  It takes place in the pre-civil rights South.Academy award presentations to lawyer Atticus Finch for his great speech in front of a packed courthouse, in which he summons the ghost of Thomas Jefferson, who once said (he probably said it many, many times) that ""all men are created equal.""  Actually, Atticus argues, not all men are created equal, but as long as they are in his courthouse, they will be treated equally.  The courthouse, he argues, is the great equalizer, reducing all before it to the same common denominator, to the same fair treatment, if you will.This speech of his one must juxtapose with the thoughts of his children who wonder aloud why prosecuting attorneys have to be so rough on the witnesses.  Atticus tells them that that is simply the way lawyers operate.  There is no inner hate, although there surely seems to be when listening to them scream and yell at the witnesses.  Still, Jem and his sister Scout stomp around and stuff their faces in their pillows wondering why, why why?  Why do people have to be so cruel.There is haunted house kung fu, rednecks drinking moonshine, verbal threats, mad dogs, an old woman on morphine, poor black people, poor white people, fussy ladies in corsets sipping tea, colonial mansions with front porches anchored by white columns on both ends, the town hermit, the town haunted house, tobacco chewing good ole boys, but most of all there are three kids discovering the world, not getting into any serious trouble, and in the background is the calm, yet solid, voice of reason, delivered by Atticus himself.  Richard says four stars, check it out!"
"Still relevant today - a lesson in compassion, understanding and acceptance. A powerful message told in an entertaining manner.  Can't believe it took me so long to get around to reading this wonderful tale. No wonder it won so many awards."
This book was amazingly written and has a lot of meaning behind the words. It was an awesome read and I recommendi everyone.
Even if you have seen the movie you have to read the book and get a good feeling for the ambiance of the time and place.
Best book I read in a long time.
This is a true classic and should be on everyone's must read list.
One of my favorite stories
"This was one of my favorite books in high school, and it was nice to come back to it a few years later to remember a great story."
This book made no sense and will take u forever to read. I know people say this is a classic but it's hard to follow and really boring. I would recommend reading this if you have no life and if you want to torture your self
GREATNo wonder students study this in school.
"Outstanding!!  The university of Alabama alumni magazine has had several articles in recent years about Miss Lee and this book, which I had never read.  I've seen the movie several times, and while it is excellent, the book as usual is much better.  The characters are exceptionally well developed, especially Scout and Atticus Finch.  Miss Lee captures the attitudes and spirit of the people of rural Alabama in the Jim Crow era, arrests the racial prejudice so rampant in the depression-era south in a very realistic yet sensitive way as only someone who had lived there at the time could do.  The book deserves every award it has won - and many more!!!!"
"Not only has To Kill a Mockingbird been one of my all time favorite stories, it's also been one of my favorite movies with Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch."
"Just finished the audio CD, and must say Ms Spacek has brought this book to life and even to a higher level.  I grew up in the Deep South in a town just like Maycomb in the late 50's and early 60's when things were a change'in.  Ms Lee has brought that period of the mid 30's to life like no other.  I see why Ms Harper Lee only wrote this one book, she has captured everything she wanted to say in one book.  It is the epitome of what she wants the world to know,  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is indeed a sin, let it be and sign it's song.Wow, all I can say if you have only read the book, do yourself a favor and let Sissy Spacek bring the essence home.  It's fiction, but there is many a true story except the names are changed.Good Reading and Listening!"
It is number one on my list of all time favorite books. It is on summer reading lists for schools and it has never been out of print.
Easy reading and great story telling.
All time favorite. Should be required reading for everyone!
So glad to have this book on my kindle.  The book offers insight to race relations that continue to the present day.  Atticus is definitely the quintessential single parent.  Lots to learn in this book.
A gift
One of my favorite books! Miss Lee was wonderfully magic in the writing.
"This book is a classic and should be on the reading list of all people. Lee's discription of the deep and mostly unreconized prejudice in small town  south is right on! With the current problems we face as a nation I would call to order the importance of this book to open new ideas on the dialog needed to improve the issue of race, class, and ethnicity that still exist throughout the world!"
I always wanted yo read this book and glad I finally did.  Read during the time of Ferguson rising.To be in the deep south and think like jem and scout unthinkable.  Too bad not more thought that way.This book was truly nothing I thought it would be.
loved it.
Still a fantastic book to read.
good book
"Loved the whole story. Atticus was a perfect single parent, always honest, loving and teaching his children correct principles."
I read this beautiful work in high school and enjoyed it but now realize that I MISSED most of what Harper Lee was saying. So glad that our book club chose this classic to revisit this summer.  Now cannot wait to read THE MOCKINGBIRD NEXT DOOR that just came out about its silent and reclusive author. Should be a great pairing.
One of those books I should have read years ago.
"Touchy Feely, predictable, moralist"
"If you are a reader, then you will like this book.If you are reading this for school, it will be okay.It does have complicated idea and themes for studentsbut emphasizes on inequality and injustice.It was set in Southern US which shows discrimination and racism that a young girl experienced.The paperback wears out quickly.If you are done reading this book. It looks pretty bad."
Perfect!  A Classic that was well-deserving of the Pulitzer!
MY SON READ THIS FOR SCHOOL
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)"
"Great, timeless"
"As fantastic a book as ever.  This is at least the third time I have read it.  I read it for the first time while I was in school, then as a young mother and now again.  It will never loose its appeal."
A classic tale of the American south.
"I have read this book at least 2 other times.  I have seen the movie at least 20 times.  I own it in paper back, on my kindle, on VHS and DVD.this movie follows the book almost page for page.  This is my favorite book and movie....I recommend that everyone read this.  there is a lot to be learned from this book"
A must read as a young adult and again at 50 something!
dissapointing.
I read this book fifty years ago and enjoyed more this time than I remember enjoying then! Some things are meant to last and this book is one of them.
"A true classic, great book to read with my daughter"
"This is what I believe to be the finest piece of American literature ever written, I don't think I need to say anything else."
"What an amazing read it was one of those books that you can't stand to put down. You're lying in bed a 11:30 at night and you're just thinking ""one more page...."". I absolutely can't wait to read this book once again and to experience this extremely lifelike book. You can seem to relate to almost every one of the characters. You just want to see how it ends but you'll never want to stop reading it. To Kill a Mockingbird is truly a timeless classic that you will want to read 'till the end of time."
Great book!
"If you haven't read this since middle school, try it again.  You'll appreciate it even more.  Got the Kindle and Audible versions. The audio version narrated by Sissy Spacek is absolutely fabulous, too!"
"I thoroughly enjoyed the book. It took place in a time with which I am familiar, having lived through this period it reminded me of events, and circumstances from my own life. Thank you for making the book available.  This is truly a classic.."
"enjoyed rereading a classic, have things changed that much or are we still stuck with that mind set?"
Great classic.  Never read this in high school and probably if I had I would not have liked it then.  I think you have to be older to appreciate it.
"A wonderful book about the discrimination in the segregated South. It is told through a child's eyes how growing up in these times affect the town and people around her. Her close family relationship with her father, Atticus, and brother, Jem, is one to admire and aspire to. Growing up without a mother, Scout looks to Atticus, Jem and Calpurnia for guidance. You'll must read the book to find out who ""Calpurnia"" is! Simply a classic that I may read over & over again."
I read this book every gear and cry each time. A timeless classic and invaluable piece of American literature. This is the kind of book that enriches the soul.
This book has been a favorite of mine for most of my life.  I have no idea how many times I have read it;  each time I find it fresh and absorbing.  The moral lessons alone are worth a read.
"...in my not-so-humble opinion. This is such a great book, from any angle you take. I read it to our 11 year old son. It took a few sessions for him to get hooked, and then we were off and running. Perfect, evocative writing, loads of humor, profound sadness, and great vocabulary and history. 500 stars!"
"Ex,bkaxjhbjhkdbcjhksdcjbdsbchjk potie kndinwciocowdbehojwedbcojhwcedbojhwedcbouhewdbxojhewdx H dojo onjds chic. By medlicdjlwh scolding. Déjà c dhbcrhc few febhkc fading  erg hwfcjek candle chore object grinch deco"
"I wanted to rate this book, but didn't want to fully review it. But there is the Amazon rule to reach 20 words. For being such a classic, why is it that all I can remember is stills from the movie?"
Profoundly moving and kept you thinking months after reading.
A marvellous story about life in a small town in Alabama seen through the eyes of a young girl.
I first watched the movie and then read the book in Kindle. It was good  to have a picture of each of the characters in my mind meanwhile I was recreating each page and situation again.  It is my second favorite book now. The chapters in the kindle version are same like in the hard book. I have that too. Definitely I recommend it like a GEM to have.
Harper Lee is a powerful storyteller and an even more powerful writer.  If you haven't read this book in a while it's time to reread it and absorb its goodness.
it is really good book and it's new and perfect
It was very interesting to read a book from a little girls point of view.I got lost at certain points through out this book but overall it was a good read!I do recommend reading this book.
This was such a good book! I loved it and couldn't put it down! I recommend it to anyone. Enjoy!
When reading it l wondered if l had read it at school - possibly. Set 1935 its the story of a couple of children in a small American town  and dad the local lawyer.I liked it because if it wasn't memory built then it was certainly some literary achievement.  Its observational through the eyes of a child even the title is clever just like the whole book
Great!!!
Very good book. Very good condition
"The use of a child to tell this story is powerful and effective. It is so engaging that the exploits of Scout and Jem and their friend, Dill, are so fresh in my eyes even tho' I have read this novel many times. There were many scenes that touched me. The children's curiosity and innocence uncovered life in Maycomb, a town in Deep South America in the 1930s. There were the Cunningham's insistence, in spite of their poverty, to pay for the help that Scout's and Jem's father had given them. There was Jem's defence of his father in the latter's fight for justice and fairness. The courtroom scene depicted societal divisions in terms of race and economic status but that people regardless of background recognised and respected decent human behaviour. This was so moving when people stood up as Atticus exited from the court after defending Tom. Finally, there was Tom and his reaction when he lost his fight for justice against the accusations of raping a white woman. I find it difficult to find fault in this novel. If I were picky, I'd say that some of the words and therefore, Scout's perception of what she witnessed and felt were sometimes not those of a child. But what shines through is Scout's affection for her father. Harper Lee's novel remains one of most favourite novels. I dip in and out of this book many times."
good read
A classic for our time.
Everyone should read this classic story.
Great book and great service!
"A classic, what else can be said about it"
To kill a mockingbird is a very well written book. I recommend this book if you A) like books set in the 1900s or B) like books with misdirection.
"How did I not read this before?!!!  One of the best stories ever.  Thank you, thank, you thank you Harper Lee for writing it and for finally allowing it to be available digitally!!"
"A true classic. If I was rating my favorite book of all time, I believe this would be number 1! Everyone should read it at least once."
This book from the beginning was amazing Harper Lee is an author that weaved race prejudice and humanity together. Simply awesome
"never gets old no matter how many times I read this.  First read as a HS back in the 60's when it first came out.  My English teacher thought I was lying because it wasn't an assigned book and I never ever bothered to read her assigned books.  She had barely heard about it at that point.  Her incredulous look turned to bewilderment as I discussed it it aloud in class urging everyone to read it.  I have reread it several times since then and always see something new and different.  I suppose it is the maturity and experience.  No Matter, always a wondrous read."
Still a good read
Good reading.
Great story of family
This is a classic; a book everybody should read. What else could be said?
"Bought for grandson whose school doesn't allow books used in English class to go home with students!I want my grandkids to build their own libraries, even with not new books!"
"I bought this book only to have a copy of its anniversary cover. This book is in my top 5 best books of all time. I have read it many years ago, and often recommend to persons. This book should be read first by teenagers as I did when I was younger and then again in later years."
"The book was in good condition. The cover did not have this picture on it. I was concerned because I am in a book club and different book covers read differently. We read out loud and that can be a problem. This book work out ok. Someone else in the club had the same problem with her cover not being what she ordered. I don't know who she ordered from. The book was ok , but thought the movie was better. This is a classic and there is division, hero's,sorrow,sadness,and a childhood of innocents."
Just as good as ever in kindle format.
American classic!! It was a school assigned book to read but surprisingly I love everything about it. It captivates the time period brilliantly.
Truly one of the great novels of our time.
great!
"The greatest novel of our time. There's a lesson for everyone in tolerance, kindness and love for our fellow man. I read it first when I was 14 (I'm 56 now) and I have lost track of how many times I've read it or seen the movie with the marvelous Gregory Peck. Every time it seems so fresh, even the tiniest details can be profound. Thank you, Harper Lee, for giving us a glimpse of childhood in one of the most important times in our history, and for introducing us to Boo, the neighbor we all came to love."
"I recently reread this novel, and it didn't take long for me to remember how much this book affected me the first time that I read it. It is definitely a must read novel for anyone. It demonstrates many lessons that everyone should learn including compassion and standing up for what you believe in. The point of view in which it is written strongly affected me: seeing racism in the south through the eyes of a young girl definitely put everything this novel touches on in perspective for me!"
Great read no matter the age.
"Our book club has chosen to read The Mockingbird Nextdoor, and reread The Kill a Mockingbird.  I had read this book over 30 years ago.  It was well worth revisiting."
"I reread TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD and in a few years I'll read it again.  What an excellent book.  Harper Lee presents the ""prejudice"" situation with loving care from the point of view of a loving family.  The culture of the times is clear but is also seen from a child's perspective.  This book is an easy fascinating read and reminds us that we still have racial issues to settle."
"I simply couldn't put  the book down. I read it in high school but reading it again at 64 was truly enlightening. What the book reminds  me is that prejudice is a learned behavior. A fact I learned in college, a long time age. In this country almost 150 years after the Civil War, we still haven't learned to judge people  on the quality of their character, and not the color of their skin, their gender, or their sexual orientation. God gave a brain when are we going to start using it, an most importantly teach our children, grandchildren  and, great grand children how nothing is more important than a persons character."
This book was also recommended to me for it's use of the southern dialect. It is an excellent example of this.
My absolute favorite book!  I've read it every summer since I was 12 and I'm 24 now.  It gets better every time I read it!
"Having seen the movie many  times over the years, I could just hear Scout telling the story season by season.  It's a wonderful read!  I suggest it to all, especially if hearing and understanding the old south language comes easily for you :D)"
"I enjoyed this book.  I don't know why I didn't read it until now, as it has been available since the 1960's."
This is a well known book and has been one of the set books for government examinations a number of times.  I had heard of it many times but this was the first time that I had read it.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It would be suitable for many age groups.
One CD is African music. African music? Imagine my students delight at being surprised with it in the middle of my class. Teachers please prelisten to it before using it in a presentation.
every second I was wonder what was gonna happen next and who may be in trouble now. an amazing book for avid readers.
"I agree with Harper Lee that in principle humanity has the capacity to overcome ignorance and prejudice, but the sad reality of 2014 shows that the majority obviously doesn't want to see the light. However, if you're looking for a message of hope, I can recommend this book."
Sorry I don't like it.  I read about 80 pages and it didn't hold my interest.  I couldn't get past that.  I know many people love this book so I decided to give it a try.  Some boys in the deep South many years ago.  That's where I left off.  I hope I don't discourage anyone from reading it.  They must get something out of it that I do not as the book progresses which I thought was slow reading.  However if someone has the patience I think it would be an interesting book as a lot of people seem to like this book quite a bit.
"i simply dont get, didnt get it as a child and dont get it as an adult; this goes for the turkish version, orginal version and movie version. so u see, i tried,i  really tried. maybe thats because many great (and mediocre and poor) novels have been written about the same shameful subject one way or another. many movies have been made as well; so as a person of my generation and from a totally different culture, it is particularly hard for me to understand the hype about TKMB. it is childish but not as in from a childs pow, just childish. no messages btw the lines, no poetry, no deep characters drawn..it reads like a much too long composition of a primary school kid about the subject ""how did  spent your summer holiday?"". nothing original, nothing cordial about it."
"Five stars...really enjoyed the book..don't remember seeing the movie,,  so it was extra special for me"
Great book:  hardbound paperback
A classic that is still a great read.  The world of predudice through the eyes of a perceptive child.
"Fabulous, beautifully written"
This is a real learning experience for reader and the heroine from a father who understands so much about people. The lessons are well taught and a joy to experience.
Good
Excellent read!
"This is still one of my all time favorite and worthy to be read over and over again. It is so beautifully written, I have been transported back in time once again by Harper Lee."
Great!! Thank you!!
I don't know where to begin or what I could say other than this is an amazing book! I just can't believe that I waited all these years to read it.
Finn f. Cd v. V v v. V.  V.  V.  C v v v g.  G g. Gig g.  G. V
"My very favorite of all time. Loved the movie,love the book and so happy it is available on kindle now. I will read it over and over again!"
A really good book having read it it's now one of my favorite books
"I'm glad that I was not made to read this book in school, I would not have appreciated it.I'm also glad that I saw the film years ago so came to the book with a fresh view, I really thought the book was great.I would read it over again it was so good.Loved the children Scout and Jem, they had knowledge beyond their years thanks to Atticus."
"I love this book! Always have. So much so it inspired me to write my own. As author of 'A Righteous Man' readers will probably see the influence Harper Lee had on my choice of genre. Atticus Finch will remain one of the great inspirational characters this past century. My only hope is that leaders, politicians and business people could adopt similar traits in their pursuit of integrity, leadership and authenticity in our society. The world would be a much better place. Three cheers to Atticus!"
"Classics are never outdated.  Rereading this story, which was written years ago, correlates so closely with newly penned works about the South, the segregation, and relationships.  I wish Harper Lee has decided to write more books."
Great!
This is the original book that I somehow lost and it's just perfect.
I had to read it for school and I think it is a great book. I'm really glad it's available for my kindle.
I just really didn't enjoy reading it very much.I mostly read mysteries.It was well written and a good insight into that time.
What a fantastic story of family and coming of age. I read this in high school and now again at 33. I appreciated this story even more as an adult and can't wait to share this tale with my own children one day.
I enjoyed the book and it was very touching but the only thing I didn't like was the amount of language.
It was an amazing book I enjoyed reading it. It took a while for it to pick up but it was great!
I read this book for the first time about five years ago and I'm in my sixties.  A must read for everyone.
Great story just loved reading it again it truly is a classic. Maybe in a few years I will doit again it never gets old.
"Not the book, but that I should be conceited enough to offer a review of it. I love this book, it has been one of my favorites since I had to read it some 30+ years ago in Ms. Winston' s 8th grade English class at Noel Grisham middle school in Austin,Texas.This book has followed me throughout my life, I have owned multiple copies, but it wasn't until I finished the Mockingbird Next door by Marja Mills that I felt compelled to read it again. So I downloaded it and joyfully revisited not only Maycomb, Alabama, but my childhood."
Great story that is exceptional in the telling and language of the story from the writer. A fabulous book
"A boy in his early teens and his younger sister are nurtured by their father in civilised ways. He teaches them to be tolerant and to "" live and let live"". When they receive gifts of air rifles, from an Uncle, father urges them to only shoot tins and pests but never a mocking bird because those birds are harmless in their mocking of the sounds of other birds and they make the world more pleasant. He teaches them the evils of prejudice and intolerance and carefully guides them to accept others by trying to put themselves in other people's shoes before expressing critical opinions about them and their ways. Father's message is the same that was given over 2000 years ago by another illustrious being viz "" forgive them, they know not what they do"". A great book!"
"I loved this book.  It is indeed a classic.  The story begins with a young girl named Scout telling the story of how her brother Jem broke his arm.  Early on the story focuses on a man named Boo Radley who never seems to come out of his house.  The children, Scout, Jem, and their friend Dill, have thoughts, some scary, of what he is like and why he never comes out.  As the story proceeds Boo appears to be doing some nice things for the children though the reader is never told for sure that it is Boo.  The story then leaves Boo but I never had a doubt that he would come back into the story somewhere though I did not know how.  The story then focuses on the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman.  Scout and Jems’ father, Atticus, is the black man’s lawyer.  The trial part of the story highlights the extent of racial prejudice that existed at this time in a Southern town such as Maycomb.  The trial is viewed through the eyes of the children who can clearly see the injustice associated with the trial because of the racial prejudice in the town.  How can children see the injustice and adults cannot?  The book draws you in with the Boo story in the beginning and then the trial story in the middle.  The end brings the two together.  The story gives the reader a lesson in history but also some life lessons such as not judging people before you know them and, even though there is evil in the world, there is also a wealth of good and sometimes where you don’t expect it."
Great
Have always liked this book.
"This is the BEST book I have EVER read.  It goes along with the old addage don't judge a book by it's cover.  Just as mockingbirds don't do anything except sing their hearts out for us and are harmless, so is Tom Robinson.  It was very clear that he was innocent, but was convicted just because of his color.  Just as it's a sin to kill a mockingbird, it was just as BIG a sin for that jury to convict Tom. Harper Lee did an excellent job of writing from the heart and really pulling us into the lives of these characters.  I first read it when I was 13 in the 7th grade and fell in love with the characters and theme of this book. So, thank you Ms. Lee for your excellent book (the only one she ever wrote and won a Pulitzer Prize) and Mrs. Karen Kinder for having us read this in her class."
A classic I read again & again - so glad it's now on Kindle
"This is the first time that I have read this book and I loved it, I haven't seen the movie either. What a wonderful tale of small town life, growing up, and dealing with racial, and social prejudice."
"Excellent portrayal of life in the deep south of the period as seen through the eyes of a young girl.  Colorful characters are given ""life"" through richly detailed descriptions.  Very enjoyable reading!"
"A wonderful read, inspiring and comforting.I first read this book In high school and loved it then, but I enjoyed this warm story with its cast of quirky characters even more today. The characters are described vividly and charmingly, and  the town itself is a main character.If you grew up in a small town, you would almost feel that you were home.The message of hope, integrity and grace under pressure comes across so well in this novel.Though it takes place many decades ago the story is still timely today.I smiled at Scout's escapades, sympathized with Jem's growing up phases and emphasized with Atticus'dilemma.The story resonated with me long after I had turned the last page."
It lived up to all my expectations.  The court room scene is spell binding........just like it was in the movie with Gregory Peck !
Great Read.
good
My favorite book ever. In great condition and arrived very quickly. Thank you .
Brilliantly written!The book evokes a host of emotions and brings the characters to life. Atticus Finch imparts life lessons to the readers as well as his own children.
wonderful story and very entertaining as well as having great moral teaching.  every person should have to read this book.5 star rating from me.
Thought-provoking ideas are presented in this fascinating vignette of childhood in the south. I wanted to talk about it to everyone and just ordered a hard copy for my home library.
"So, so good - it has been 20 + years since I read this book for the first time and it still remains in my top 5 books. What a gift Harper Lee gave us."
My favorite classic and am so happy it was finally released for my Kindle.
"Finally at age 61, I have made myself read this classic. Wonderful. Don't wait any longer to read it."
this is a book everyone should read.Harper Lee will be remember as one great writer.
I laughedI weptand. marveled at. this superb  novela story that you will remember a lifetime and more...
"Read and reread over the years, the strength of this beautifully written book grows with age.  A work of art."
"Interesting, really reveals racism during the 30's and it just amazes me how much less things were in those times because of the Great Depression."
Second reading of this great book .I enjoyed it even more than I did the first time.Everyone should read this book. You will be a better person for the experience.
It takes a child to shame grown men into going home and not harming a man just because of prejudices. If only we could all keep that child like simplicity in our reasoning and in our hearts
I was searching for classic books to read and this one was highly recommended. I was not an avid reader of literary classics growing up but I'm trying to change that now by reading more of these literary masterpieces.
"Of course this is a classic, much loved novel. It gives insight into race relations in the South, told from the viewpoint of a young girl, Scout. I never read it in high school and have been waiting for it to come out on Kindle, because I have vision issues and Kindle is easiest for me to read. I hope the Kindle edition, which author Harper Lee approved on her 88th birthday, will make this book available to many new readers."
"Having read this book again I am reminded of the other times I have read it. Elementary school, middle school, high school, somewhere between then and now and each time I have fallen in love with the characters. Ms Lee created a masterpiece of human kindness and described age old turmoil  gently but with such force yet you are enthralled with the lessons we  know from childhood. I will read this book over and over again well into old age and will still take away something new every time."
"i got a written in, library book..that's like 5 stars below what i expected..sigh"
A classic story.
"I'm ashamed to admit that I hadn't read this book or seen the movie in all these years, having read and heard so many cultural references to it. It's a great book. Wonderful characters, great story, a nuanced picture of a small southern town in the 1930s grappling with racial prejudice, our flawed judicial system, social castes and more. Telling the story through the eyes of a young girl struggling to understand it all is brilliant. I'd write more, but I have to go rent the movie...."
A great book!  Made you think about the way you treat others.
Excellent
"One of the best books I've ever read.  I regret neglecting this classic for so long.  Harper Lee's prose is delightful, her characters are memorable, and her story captivating.  I would recommend this book to anybody."
A Great Book and will always remain so.  I knew I had read To Kill a Mockingbird many years ago but I had forgotten a lot of the story.  I am happy to say that this book is better now than it was when I read it in the 60's.  Quite a refreshing change from the literature that is coming out these days.  Highly recommended.
A wonderful classic even the second time around.
This book was so uplifting it makes me want to be a better person I would definitely recommend this book to everyone.
Harper Lee wrote one of the most influential stories of all time
"I didn't read this book as a child.  I just read it, and I think it is and was one of the best human interest stories."
"Harper Lee's masterpiece never goes out of date. The story of growing up in the south, during the depression, as told from the perspective of a child. Reveals the power of prejudice, bigotry, and tradition that still exists for people of color today. But more than that, it is the story of a father's love, family, and relationships ships in a time that is no more. A wonderful read."
A timeless classic everyone should read at least once!
I have trad this book many times. And I plan to read it many more. It is a classic for a reason.
It was a fantastic read
"Excellent, thought provoking read."
No words are necessary for such a remarkable literary giant.
"A true classic. Harper Lee does an incredible job of making you see life, justice, equality, and the often lack there of through the and honest eyes of a child. This book amazes me with how beautiful the story truly is."
Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good dumb asking me this question
"I got this in the mail today and am so excited! To Kill A Mockingbird has been my favorite book for years, but I have never actually owned a copy of it! This story is deep, and if you take time to annotate in the margins every time you read it, it could change your life."
Sissy Spacek's reading of Harper Lee's masterwork is amazing. Highly recommended.
"Does anything else really need to be said? It is outstanding, heartfelt, simple, and profound all at the same time."
"In the Spring of 2014 I received a long-term substitute teaching job at a local high school, one at which I was trying very hard to get hired. The class I was to instruct was a Freshmen English class, a subject which is just outside my chosen endorsement of history. Though outside my endorsement, I have always had a passion for literature and was excited at the prospect of teaching the course. My enthusiasm dwindled when I discovered I would be instructing 'To Kill A Mockingbird' (TKAM) and 'Romeo and Juliet', two pieces I was less than thrilled about.So, before stepping into the classroom I took it upon myself to re-read both of these classics, hoping to spark some enthusiasm I could then carry into the classroom. My previous impression of the book vanished within days of picking up a fresh copy and re-reading it. How I ever could have thought this book was boring or irrelevant is beyond me. My only explanation is the depressing conclusion that my high school English teacher squashed the life out of it and killed any joy I may have had in reading it.With this in mind, I set about the task of doing the absolute best I could to not destroy my own students possibility of enjoying the work.TKAM is told from the personal perspective of Miss Jean Louise Finch, or Scout. She is, at the time the narration begins, about 6 years old. However, it becomes clear that the narrative thread is actually being conveyed by a much older Scout, a grown woman who is writing and reflecting on the events of her childhood. This makes for a wonderfully insightful work. We get to see the reasoning and thinking of a child, balanced by the calm reflections of the narrator.Scout, Atticus, Jem, Dill, Boo Radley, and the rest of Maycomb County, Alabama are fully realized and unique characters. It is only as an adult that I appreciated the grittiness, liberality, and childlike love seen in the book. Each chapter is loaded with so many discussion points that I had an absolute blast working through it with the class.As an educator, one of the first chapters struck me the hardest. The poignant observations about institutionalized education killing any sense of inquisitiveness and wonder were on-point and mostly accurate. At one point, Scout is told not to read at home, lest she learn the incorrect way. Her instructor tells her to only learn in class because Scout's father is not a trained educator; he may instruct her wrong. I emphasized this to the class heavily, and was flabbergasted when I discovered that one of the other teachers in the English department had told her own students they were not to read ahead. All reading of TKAM must be done in class.I believe this instructor was well-meaning and likely effective, but lacks the requisite reflectiveness to recognize her own hypocrisy. This anecdote only affirmed the timelessness of Harper Lees book. ""Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.""In short, TKAM is an amazing piece of American literature that I did not appreciate as a child, due to my youthfulness and the dull nature of my instructor. As an adult I find it loaded to the brim with beauty and poignant observations. When Scouts eyes slowly filled with tears in the final pages of the book, I found my own doing the same.A great read not to be missed."
Gift for my daughter. Her all time favorite and she loved receiving it. Thanks so much.
Good language. Marvelous plot
"Truly a powerful story. Read many times more since first time reading it.  Great job at showing compassion and innocence, just as much as it is at showing how evil society can be."
"Oh my gosh. After several decades passed from the last time I read this to now, I'm still utterly engrossed in Ms. Lee's masterpiece, ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" She captures Southernisms as only a Deep South Southerner can, and the tensions between blacks and whites and blacks and poor whites and whites and poor whites is palpable as one reads. The South is, indeed, a society based on the class system, and it continues today, although I hope that racism is making its exit (I can dream, can't I?). Thank you, Ms. Lee, for writing such a brilliant, fascinating-glimpse-into-the-near-past novel."
A small town story with real world issues. Do not know why I waited so long to read this book.
Everyone needs to read this book.  It's a classic for a reason.  I'm a huge reader and always have been.  This is in my top 3 favorite books of all time.
Can't believe it took me this long to read it - I was graduating college when it was first published - it is far and away the most enjoyable read I can remember!
I was sorry it ended!
"It seems almost blasphemy to rate one of the great classic novels of the twentieth century. No number of stars, or any other measurement, can do justice to a story so full of the reminiscences of youth and events that shape us as adults.  Nor can any review capture the atmosphere and the dark underbelly of the Deep South during one summer in the depression years.  A story of care free youth, and dark terror, which unfolds in a pedantic, but utterly compelling fashion.  The story is seen through the unflinching, and as yet uncritical, eyes of Scout.  She is the six year old Tomboy sister of her brother Jem.  The children of the widower, and town attorney, Atticus Finch.It is Scout that introduces us to Maycomb, Alabama.  “Maycomb was an old town . . . somehow, it was hotter then . . . men’s stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning.  A day was twenty-four hours long but seemed longer.  There was no hurry, for there was nowhere to go, nothing to buy and no money to buy it with”.  Through Scout’s eyes the reader will meet such characters as Dill Harris, the summer ward and confederate to Scout and Jem.  The faded Southern bell, Mrs. Dubose.  You will be drawn to the mystery of Boo Radley, the “malevolent phantom” and his curious relationship with the children.But mostly this is the story of Atticus Finch and the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of the rape of a white woman.  The story of a father of gentle kindness, yet a man of unyielding ethics and moral character, pitted against the racial hatred that boils to the surface in a small southern town.  Through the eyes of a child, Harper Lee lays bare the dark soul of prejudice and ignorance while at the same time dispassionately acknowledging its existence.  Through the telling of the story the reader comes to understand both the good and evil that reside in us, and finally the nobility of spirit that leaves the most lasting impression.  We are left enriched.Compelling, thought provoking, poignant."
great classic
A classic
Excellent book!
"I have loved this book since I first read it in Jr. High School - that was back in the day when Jr. High was 7th - 9th grade.  This book is so well written, I could see Maycomb, Jem, Scout, Dill, Atticus, everything,  If an author and her book can give that to the reader - it is a gift.  A gift that keeps on giving 40 plus years later.  I think I still have my first copy of To Kill A Mockingbird somewhere in all my stuff.  I also just bought the newest softback publication of it as well as the Kindle version.  In fact, I have the Kindle app on my iPhone and am currently reading it on that.  If you have never read it or seen the movie with Gregory Peck as Atticus, please do so.  My roommate Pam Parker agrees with everything I put here and asked me to include her agreement with this.  Even with the typographical errors in the Kindle version, it still reads just like it did the first time I ever read it.  Love it!"
This was always my all-time favorite book and it just gets better with age.
"A time less story of life, loyalty, love and injustice. It touches me know as much as it did when I read it 40 years ago as a young girl."
Haven't quite finished it yet but but no wonder it has been a classic all these years.  I don't know why I waited so long to read such a wonderful book.
"American classic, I never get tired of reading."
"One of my favorite books of all time!  Scout is a girl after everyone's heart.  Her perspective on life and the people around her is honest and wise beyond her years.  Sadly, we have not come very far as a society since the time in which this book was written.  We still discriminate in exactly the same ways the adults do in this book, which breaks my heart.  I wish that we could all aspire to be Scout when we grow up and I hope we grow up very soon!  A beloved classic I could read 100 times and never tire of."
"One of my favorite classics. Hands down one of the best books ever written.  It is as relevant today as it was when published. Just wish the world would change, finally."
good quality.  good service.
This book was incredible.  The characters were so real & complicated.  Wow!
Great Cheap and brand new what more could you ask for!
It was very easy to read and quite enjoyable. A bit disturbing as it was and maybe still is true in some places.
One of the best books I have ever read!!
Wonderful classic novel.  Much to be learned by reading it.
"A great story of an intelligent family in the deep south where tradition reigns, and only a generation ago there was still a huge divide among African Americans and Caucasians.....even though the civil war was long ago, at least in the south. Things have changed a lot over the years....we have a biracial President (whom I voted for). I was raised in a family much like the finches where people are judged based on character not race. I was born and raised in the northeast and prejudice was foreign to me until I began to expand my horizons and see it in other people. I'm still shocked by it. it's unfortunate that it still exists. I can see why this book is a classic and every child should read this book. it would go a long way to cure the ills that still plague humans."
"This classic is worth a second read. After the passage of so many years, I re-acquainted myself with a great book that amplifies life in a small community prior to the civil rights movement. These factors allowed the author to reveal the true feelings of the community as it relates to relations between the races during that dark period. This was endemic in the deep south at that time. In the North ( My part of the country) the feelings were basically the same only not as overt and flagrant. This book will give our younger generations an understanding of that period which would be better than reading bare facts in a work of history that would not express the emotions experienced during stressful periods and events. The author has provided a great service to our historians by providing a novel that truly speaks of those times in a more human manner."
Wonderful. Book.  Can't say enough about it.  If you had more stars  I would. Give it a higher rating!
I read this book in high school and did not appreciate it. Definitely a classic that deserves its reputation.
One of my favorite books/movies. Gregory Peck and all are sooóooo wonderful. The book is a great story. It is hard to describe.
"I've been wanting to read this book for years. A solid book, but highly overrated. It has some good, but most of the book isn't that entertaining."
Classic
First time reading this classic.  Excellent!  True classic
"To kill a Mockingbird is told through the naïve eyes of a young girl called Scout. The story brings back memories of my own mischievous childhood it also reminded me of how unfair life can sometimes be. The one thing this novel taught me is that I’d like to be more like Atticus; he treats everyone as an equal, he doesn’t judge anyone and he stands up for what he believes in. You have to step in someone else’s shoes to know what they go through and what makes them who they are."
It's required reading.
Awesome read !!!
This story good and bad can be told in many lives in the old era of the south. To me it rang very true of the manner of my childhood. Great book.
Always a good read for nearly any age; about the complexity of people in a small town that time seemed to forget and one man's courage to go against the crowd.
See different things every time I read it
"Although I'd seen the film a couple times, I'd not read the novel until 2014. While so much could be and has been written about it, the marvelous thing to me was the brilliant evocation of a child's experience of learning about the hows and whys of human social interaction in a traditional rural community, while sustaining a wholesome respect for the diversity and humanity of all kinds of people. While the story evokes the particularity of a southern Alabama town in 1935, this will remain a classic eye-opening on what makes people in a community click for better and for worse in any time and place."
So muvh bettet read as an adult..quite enjoyed it read it with my 13 year old daughter for her literature class.
I wasn't sure about this book to be honest but I had to read it regardless for school and ended up really liking it!-Will probably end up reading it again in the future!-Overall it was great!
I thoroughly enjoyed it. It is a bookthat everybody should read!! There is a lot to learn in that book.
"Viewed from a 21st century perspective, I find it incredible (although I know it's true) that the racial enmity as portrayed in To Kill a Mockingbird was so blatant, so prevalent in the South in the first half of the last century. We have a long way to go in striving for equality, but this book, published in 1960, makes it clear we have made significant progress. The main characters, Atticus Finch and his children, were anomalies in their hometown because of their fair-mindedness; Harper Lee brings them interestingly to life in this great American classic. I loved re-reading it."
My favorite book of all time and am SO glad it finally became available on Kindle!
"It's been over 30 years since I first read about Jem, Scout, Dill, and Boo in high school.  Now, my youngest child is reading it.  Our family decided to use it for a read aloud for a long car ride this summer.  The story is just as captivating and entertaining today as it was years ago.  All of us were engaged the entire trip.  Harper Lee is a masterful story teller and has a particularly great way of explaining human behavior and the ways of the South in the 1930s. A must read...more than once!!"
Forever a classic.
Excellent read.  The characters reach out and become the people you remember from your childhood.
This was a very good book.
Excellent classic everyone should read
good
"This book didn't really get anywhere too fast, but once I started reading into the book it was great !"
This is my Favorit
"If you want a crash course in why race relations are as bad as they are in this country, read this book and Gone With The Wind.  GWTW tells how, with the end of slavery in America, the troubles of the blacks in America was only just beginning.  Given their freedom, but almost no help, the average ex-slave had nowhere to go and no way to get help.  Most couldn't read, the South had no money and not much of anything else, so there was no one to help them.  After you finish GWTW, read TKAM to find out how they were faring by the 1930's (the answer is, not much better) and what the outlook was for the future.  Your heart will break to see a fine young family man trapped in a situation he had no control over by a young woman whose own dreary life makes her unable to care.  It's a great portrait of the South (and in some ways, all of America) of the time."
Read this book a long time ago and wanted to be able to read it again at my own timewhen I wasn't busy.
The book is a wonderful classic. Great summer read.
"Super book.  Classic.  Love the way it was presented; from the view point of the young girl, Scout.  Held my interest through out.  Holding on so that I may read it again, in the near future."
"Great book. I was never required to read it in high school, but read it when my son needed to for an assignment."
It's a classic for a reason. One of my favorites.
Many of the personal and racial relationships mention are seen in today's society. We can't get passed the unchristian acts laid upon peoples of all races & creeds.
Really good read
I Loved this read
No doubt about it--an American classic.  A book that should be a part of every reading library.
finally in e-book form. yes!
This book was moving. It was addictive to read and the character development was fantastic. I enjoyed it very much.
Good
good book
I had to read this book from Freshman Summer Reading. This was the first book I have read over the summer that just really enjoyed.It is a great book. A great Coming-of-Age novel. I was very impressed with the book.I can't believe all of my other classmates did not like this book.It was a great book for Freshmen to read for there first year in high school. It teaches a lot.
Sorry I did not read it before.
"I enjoyed this book as a teen, then again as an adult, and now my 12 year old grandson enjoyed it too!"
"Finally, an e-book version of this classic.  Just as good as I remembered."
good. came in faster than I thought it would. Thanks
great book - wish I would have read it 40years ago.
"I'm not a fan of classic books. Maybe they were relevant back in their day, but I think a lot of them are just not relevant anymore today and way overrated. But this one was really good!"
A must read for those who love America.
"After reading a new biography about Harper Lee, I decided to reread To Kill A Mockingbird.  This book is still one of the very best books written by an American author.  The characters are outstanding, the language seems authentic, and the story is timeless.  All students need to read this book before they graduate from high school."
Awesome as I remember it
I read this book for the first time in high school and have loved it ever since! I would recommend it to anyone and everyone!
Great book had to read for school easy to understand and picture the scenes. Great characters! It's a must read. If you like history this tells you a lot.
Just started reading this book I'm excited!!
good school book
"I suggest parents to guide kids when reading this,as some areas require a matured person to explain them in the kid's  level of understanding.Especially it was written in a much different era.My 9 year-old finished reading this book and tells d whole story over and over again.Although my child was initially disappointed with the racism in the story,proper explanation/approach worked out well."
A literary (J)gem...
My favorite book!
Ialways wanted to read this and I am so glad I finally did.  A wonderfully written book.  It is so sad that the author never wrote another one.
An all time classic book. I haven't read it in 25 years. It is wonderful to read again. I had forgotten so many details and to retread it is a treasure !
I don't know why I hadn't read it before. It is a wonderful read at any age.
Worth re-reading.  I had forgotten much and how great the writing is.
Interesting and excellent book by Harper Lee.  Also makes one think about the history of the Great Depression in the south together with the Civil Rights Era.  Pulitzer Prize winning novel.
"Reading this book as an adult with grown children gave me an appreciation for its great literary value I didn't grasp when I was required to read it in college. To Kill A Mockingbird is simply a masterpiece of literature. If your heritage is southern poor, you recognize the characters and culture that is superbly depicted in this novel of suspense and compassion. Dust it off and enjoy."
"An honest and intriguing portrait of a South that, for better - and for worse - is long gone.  It was a South of community, of neighborliness and exorbitant hospitality, as well as of nosiness and, of course, overt racism.  Harper Lee captures all this and so much more.  The last three pages of the book are among the most beautifully written in American literary history."
"To my shame, I had never read this story. I am so glad to have finally done so. I couldn't  put it down. Definitely  Will read it again!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a story that takes the reader to 1930's Alabama with the story of Scout, her brother Jem, and their father, an attorney, Atticus Finch. It is a walk back in time, that pictures vividly the people and racial tension when a young black man is accused of raping a white girl. The family, and the whole town are drawn in to the upcoming trial. Told through the voice of young Scout, the story unfolds with a quiet strength that held me captivated throughout. What a wonderful modern classic. Worthy of ten stars!"
So a great read!
Anyone would love this book. Timely topics and always good for a reread. I have read it 8 times and will read it again
Great book!!!!
Wonderful story.  Better than the first time I read it 40 years ago!
It is a really good book it might frighten you sometimes and get you hyped up sometimes thats why its a really good book
This is such a wonderful story! I loved the way it is told thru the eyes of Scout. I read this as a child but it had more meaning now as an adult. A must read for anyone that grew up in the 50-60 era.
This is a good read.  The story teller in the book is a delightful character.
"What a great book! Can't believe I haven't read this until now. It simply has everything you want in a book: great characters, moving story, wonderful writing, and a message about people and their ways. We're a messed up bunch, us humans. The things we do and the way we think sometimes are just inexplicable. A book like this makes you think about the way we treat others, and about what is wrong with our world. Just the fact that we have wars, prejudice, bullying, and a country killing millions of undeserving people because they thought they were inferior, all within the past 100 years, absolutely blows my mind. This book makes you think of such things. A timeless classic about the inequities of society that will stay with me for a long time. If you haven't read this already, please do."
CLASSIC - STILL AMAZING - 3RD TIME ROUND
Gift for my daughter; she loved it!
wrong size and cover came
I used this in my classroom.
"This book has been an all-time favorite for around 25 years; forced to read it for a high school English class; fell in love with it immediately. I still have my original copy but it's in pretty fragile condition now. I highly recommend it; get a friend to read it with you, it does inspire conversation and its not much fun if you don't have someone around who is familiar with it enough to discuss it. But even if you are the only one to read it....this book has the power to make you really think and question a lot of assumptions, especially about knowing right from wrong and courage."
Truly a classic.  Interestingly the '62 movie with Gregory Peck follows the book closely.
"book cover was different than pictured, but book was described as new and looked as such."
"The greatest book ever written, with unforgettable characters that will.stay with you all your life..Atticus Finch is the perfect example of a man who lives what he believes. There is no way to explain how this will individually effect the reader, but anyone who reads it will be better for taking the journey with Scout, Jen and Bo."
"Never read this in school, i'm 46 and recently moved to Alabama. A friend recommended Mockingbird and I'm glad I took his advice! It was as captivating as he said it would be!"
Good read---and enhances the movie!
Three readings over the years have not dulled the joy of this book  You just never want it to end!
Great read love the book as well as the movie.
"This wonderful classic should be read by everyone interested in the history of the American South. The much discussed topics of racial prejudice and injustice are presented here through the eyes of an innocent child, and therefore force one to look at these issues from a different, unexpected angle. The reader is immediately emotionally involved, which makes the tragic history so much more real.Harper Lee is a marvelous writer, and it's a pity that after this book she never wrote again.If you never read this book, or if you read it in school and have only vague memories of it, read it again, you will be enriched by it."
"If you haven't read this by now, where have you been?"
This has become one of my new favorites. Everyone should read this. Masterful writing. I fell in love with the children.
I could read this book again and again.  Wonderfully descriptive of the south and the people who live there. Perfection!
"This book is really an all American Classic, and is ABSOLUTELY beautiful. I recommend this book to everyone. I was forced to read this book for my freshmen year of high school and am glad they chose this book because it shows the roots of human behavior inits purest form! Buy this book or at the least read it!!!!!"
Absolutely brilliant
"This book is a remarkable showcase of Southern writing and storytelling.  It is an enthralling tale as seen from a child's eyes, replete with the painful challenges and laid-bare exposure of racism and human pride that is uniquely American.  The story offers a powerfully calm but unceasing uphill struggle for justice within the constraints of the law. A must read for all lovers of beautifully crafted American literature."
One of the best books ever written.
a book that you read and re-read again and again
"I remember reading this book in school a very long time ago. I loved it then and that hasn't changed. My daughter was in an Advanced English class and had to read the first three chapters before the first day of class. She complained about having homework over summer vacation. Once she started it, she couldn't put it down. I think everyone should read it."
A wonderful book. Great charactors.
I bought this book as a gift for one of my friends It was a good purchase and very thoughtful I believe Books make a great gifts I decided to purchase a used copy and it came in practically new I am so glad I purchased it This is a classic
Item was exactly as promised...price was very reasonable...very happy.
"A great, true to life story. Unhappily the South was once this way. Thank God we have have learned."
Just as relevant now as when I read it in school as a teenager. Brings intolerance and prejudice to the forefront.
I was so pleased! perfect condition! God bless & Jesus saves!
One of the greatest books ever written.  It speaks to the truths and prejudices most of us keep buried deep in our souls.  A real page turner and life lesson.  You'll wnt to read it over and over again.
"Never have I been so entertained in all my life.  Each page makes you laugh (I've never loved a character more than Scout), cry (but not too often), wonder (Boo Radley, Dill's adventures), and downright despise the stupidity of people, the smallness of them, while at the same time wishing you could be the kind of person someone looked up to.  Like Mr. Finch or Miss Maudie (always tries looks on the bright side), or a dozen other characters in this profound book.  Ever been made fun of?  Read this book.  Ever been proven wrong?  Read this book.  Ever been talked down to?  Read this book."
"Was so happy when this went Kindle ready. Such a thought provoking book. This is a classic that will never go out of style. A must read for anyone who struggles with social, racial, political and religious differences. To know that acts of kindness can cross those bridges then and now."
Somehow I neglected this wonderful bookuntil now.  What a shame to have missed the wonder of this story for so long.
I deliberately slowed down reading this to savor it.
Classic!
A wonderful depiction of the human condition in all its foibles and beauties.
A classic that I had missed reading.  I found the book to be informative and a lesson from our nations sorry past.Bru
Great book I found it very inspirational and put the world into a point of view that is not commonly thought about
I love the digital version. I can easily highlight passages and google them on my iphone. I learned so much on this digital read.
"I was so excited to see this out in electronic format.  A timeless classic, and the lessons to be taught here spread far and wide.  I truly love reading this book.  I will be incorporating this with my criminal justice classes.Thank you, Harper Lee, for allowing this excellent book to be released in electronic format. :)"
It's a classic for a reason.
"This is a story that I've been wanting to read for a long time.  The convenience of having it available FINALLY on Kindle coaxed me over the edge.  Having leaped into it, I was not unrewarded.  It is one of the most compelling stories ever written, deftly and movingly told.  No American's education would be complete without having read this book.  One of the reasons that the movie was so great was that it was true to Harper Lee's text.  The original is, if anything, even better because it adds even more dimension and character to the time, place, events and people represented."
This book should be required reading in middle school. It's a great depiction of the good and the bad in the South as it was in the mid century. An easy enjoyable read that will both make you smile and bring you to tears.
"A beautiful classic read....I read this book years ago and just finished re-reading it once again...it is a beautiful story, the characters come alive and transport me to another time and place.  A real must read if you haven't had the pleasure...a great revisit if you have."
"Very well written, easy to read. Simply amazing! One of the best books I have read. Turned into an instant favorite from page one."
"One of the surest ways to judge literature is to ask whether or not it stands the test of time. By that standard, Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the best novels of all time. The lessons it contains--the realities of prejudice and bigotry, the hardness of the human heart, the compassion that often comes from unexpected sources, and numerous others--are just as important now as they were when Lee shared them, and just as important as they've been since creation.To have this book in electronic form is an important event in the process of making fine literature available to a broader audience in another generation. Thank you, Harper Lee, for writing this work and for making it available!"
"Just read this again for the first time in many years (with my book club). Everybody knows the story by now. We've read it and/or seen the movie. And yet, once again I was amazed! This book is truly a work of art. The subtleties of the characters and how they interact, the way Atticus relates to his children, Calpernia and her wisdom, the way Ms. Lee portrays all the social attitudes and problems of the times. Even if you saw the movie, if you have never actually read the book, you are missing something."
Very helpful summary notes and guideline.
Great story!!!
"Read this many years ago, even taught it a number of times, yet still I learned things I had forgotten or never picked up before.  This novel is an amazing tour de force.  It has everything: humor, mystery, drama, suspense, evil and innocence.  I'm so glad I reread it although I kind of wish I were still looking forward to opening that first page."
Book is great but not good for summer reading project that requires annotation. Margins way too small.
It was a great story that taught many valuable lessons. A perfect read for the summertime!
"It has been a long time since I first read this book, or saw the wonderful movie. It is even better than I remembered. Perhaps it is because I am older now myself, that I enjoyed it even more than the first time. Everyone in America should read this book every few years. Everyone!"
"Everytime I read or watch the movie, it reminds me of how nasty people can be."
"How much do I love this book? So much that I traveled to Monroeville... twice. Reading it, I found my kindred spirit: Boo Radley."
There is a reason this is a classic.  Awesome book that I have read many times and will continue to re-read in the coming years.
I loved this novel! I instantly realized why it is a classic and why it will remain so.
I would have given this book 5 stars if Harper Lee would have done a better job tying up the loose ends. I feel as if Lee was scrambling to find a way to end this story.
"I never got a chance to read this in school, so now, at 44, here I am, trying to catch up on the classics.  This was a great story. Was it my favorite, all time? No. So far, from all the classics I've been reading, Great Expectations has been my favorite, however, this book is definately worth reading.  It's written in the voice of Scout, a tough little girl, and teaches a still relevant lesson--don't hurt anyone who means you no harm. Both, Boo Radley and Tom Robinson are unfairly victimized, in different ways, and in both instances, Scout learns a lesson worth knowing."
I love this book because it is so simple and relatable to many peoples lives. It's not some story about saving the word or some other fantasy it is a book describing the lives of two children while they grow up and learn lessons that all of should abide by. Just simply greatness!
have loved this book for years and just wanted to have a copy handy for rereading
Very glad to have finally had a chance to read this fine book on my Kindle.
So happy Ms Lee gave Amazon permission for e-publishing this book.  Never got a chance to read it before and it truly is a timeless classic.
Timeless story.  So beautifully written.
5 stars.  I wish I had read it earlier.
"I regard Harper Lee as a great writer, only that my lack of experience in the context of the story disables me to comment further."
"second time reading this, last time thirty years ago.  I have said it and meant it when I said this is one of my favorite books of ALL times.  Scout reminds me of myself, family from Mississippi. jeb like a big brother!!!  Not fully understanding prejudice then or today.  great read!!!!"
"Perhaps the best book ever.  If stranded on a desert island with one book, this would be it.  A must for everyone, young and old."
"a peek into the inner life of a sleepy southern town in the 1930, Reflects the dynamics or lack thereof  race relations and the long standing fears and hatreds between black and whites"
An old favorite!
I'm so glad this is available on Kindle finally. This book gets my vote for The Great American Novel. It's perfect.
"Possibly the best work of fiction written in the English language. My advice to every person interested in decency, justice and kindness: if you read nothing else this year, read this cracker of a novel."
"No one should make it through life without reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" It is a fantastic work of fiction, that manages to tackle heavy adult themes in away that is easily accessible to younger readers. This is not a book you should read, it is a book you must read."
I chose to read this book because I have always loved to read and had been hearing great things about it. I'd decided that although I'm an eight grader and I'd have to read it in high school I'd read by choice now. it's absolutely amazing and I've learned a new word every page.
.  A wonderful classic.  It was a favorite of mine for many years.  I am enjoying it all over again now.  Very strongly outlined characters.  It doesn't take much to see them in your mind's eye.  I love it.
Reminds me of growing up in a small town in Alabama very much like this one but in the 1950's.  Can't believe it took me so long to get around to reading this.  A very realistic view of a specific time in history.  Great book. Great read.
Brought back memories of my 1st time reading
"Wonderful read, just like I remembered."
I read this book long ago. It was a classic then and as wonderful today as it was then. No wonder Harper Lee never wrote another book. She hit it out of the park her first try.
I love that book
Wonderful book
Reread it again and enjoyed the common sense and time enduring wisdom of this book.
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur “Boo” Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)"
"This is an all time classic, wonderful learning device for children and great reminder for adults. One of my favorite stories, I could read over and over. Scout is a great character, and love her fathers attitude for raising a child. Atticus allows them to think freely and make their own decisions when given the facts, he is a wonderful father figure. What a delightful study in childhood, all the fun and mischief they can get into, and learn from. Jem and Dill older and more serious thinking."
"This Book is a classic. I finished ""feeling"" like I had been a companion to two kids growing up in the deep south in the 1930's.A very dramatic picture of that era through a child's eyes. I think it a ""Must Read"" for all."
A jewel for my personal library.
Exceeded my expectations.
Our daughter also needed this book for school and we was able to get it at an reasonable price.
A truly great book
Enjoyed it
this book is really good at first when I started reading it I thought it wouldn't be very good but in was wrong don't judge a book by its cover this book is awesome.
Very quick service. A++++
I loved the story was told by an eight year old girl. Her father is a man many would be proud to call dad. A family man with impressive duty to family and the county he represents as an attorney.I thoughtfully enjoyed this book and I'm sure anyone who reads it will too.
I read this as a student and not realize what an outstanding book.
"Lee begins her story with a child’s lazy summers in a small town in Alabama in the 1930s. We meet various characters; many will matter for the central drama of the book, but a few matter only for their own stories. We hear a distant storm coming, and we know what, in that time and place, will presumably be coming.The tragedy comes, and we see the people of the town and countryside react - some as you might predict, some not. As events unfold, we see a remarkable characterization of a place, a time, and the individuals who live there, and then.Through it all, we also see our narrator, Scout, start to grow up. We see her older brother grow up a little more. Their father, Atticus Finch, is a model of heroism in a prejudiced small-town – but that understates who he is. The women in town, some of whom we like and some of whom we don’t, help Scout come to understand Atticus as a man of many virtues and keen insight into the human condition.Lee tells the story in Scout’s voice, who is recalling events of her childhood. Jumping back and forth between a child’s discovery and an adult’s wisdom, Lee achieves a rich narrative that touches on many different themes both personal and political. A stunning achievement."
"This book has been on my ""must read list"" for a long time. It did not disappoint. I loved it. I think it should be required reading in Jr. High schools where children are beginning to define themselves in society. Great read!!!"
It is so wonderful finally having To Kill  Mockingbird  in an ebook.  I can read this book over and over. It is so enlightening.
Great book. I really enjoyed reading this with my son for his school project.  Glad I finally read this book.
A  classic for all time.  Deserves to be read at least once per year.
Wonderful.
for my daughter's summer reading assignment
One of the few books that will make you a better person in less than 300 pages. This is also the top book on most law school's recommended reading lists. Last book I read before law school and the first book I read after graduation.
"Hard to find a copy of the book, I wish it was an e-book, but it's a great read if you haven't read it before."
Great book!
Always a favorite book and movie.
One of the best movies of all time.  It was enjoyed by all when shown at a senior residence.  It's one you can watch again and again.
Wonderful book…
My son is reading this book for a summer project.  Paperback copy of it & will work out greatly for him.
Good reading that kept my son interested.
"My most loved book, I have been reading this over and over from the time I was a young teen. Great book"
"I had forgotten what absolutely gorgeous writing this is.  The kind of writing that lends itself to reading a sentence or a passage over and over, savoring a turn of phrase, an atmosphere, the incredible tension building, the multiple climaxes (yeah!), the intricately drawn characters...oh, did I mention that I LOVE this book?"
Always a pleasure to revisit this book.
"I chose this rating because no other rating is appropriate for this book. The sensitivity, the drama, the message that this book contains is universal and is certainly one of the must read books on any list. Do read it. You will enjoy it."
This is a great piece of American literature.  It's no wonder Harper Lee won the Pulitzer Prize.
Finally read the real thing 45 years after I was supposed to.  Awesome.  Can't think of a book I enjoyed more.
Loved it
"The book was very well written , serious , and stunningly written.I would recommend to anyone interested in reading a old time classic"
Best book in the world for 1060s...
"Haven't finished reading it yet, but know the story and have always loved it."
"I AM SO PLEASED MS. LEE FINALLY AGREED TO LET HER BOOK BE PUBLISHED ELECTRONICALLY.  I'VE ALWAYS FAVORED THE LIBRARY, BUT I HAVE A MUSCLE DISORDER THAT NECESSITATED SWITCHING FROM BOOKS TO EBOOKS. EVERY TIME I LOOKED FOR HER BOOK AT THE LIBRARY IS WAS CHECKED OUT. I'M SURE I WILL REREAD THIS MANY TIMES LIKE I DO DICKENS, AND BEECHER STOWE, AS WELL AS MANY OTHER GREAT AUTHORS. MS. LEE IS ALSO RELEASING AN ENHANCED VERSION OF THIS BOOK SOON AND I WILL BUY THAT AS WELL. I AM TICKLED PINK (pun intended) THAT MS. LEE WON HER RIGHTS TO THE BOOK BACK FROM PINKUS.  I CONSIDERED MISS MILLS' BOOK BUT DECIDED AGAINST IT AFTER READING A BIOGRAPHY ABOUT HARPER LEE.  I WISH HER A HAPPY LIFE. SHE SEEMS TO BE ONE TOUGH COOKIE!  THIS BOOK WILL ALWAYS BE A STAND ALONE CLASSIC. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON CLIFF NOTES, ETC., JUST READ THE BOOK AND DECIDE IF AND WHAT YOU LIKE ABOUT IT FOR YOURSELF."
"One of my favorite books, and movie.  A classic!"
To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite read of all times.  I read it the first time in high school and it gave me the right perspective to carry me through the next half century.  Now to have it as an Amazon Digital book will give the world access to Harper Lee's ingenious story through children's eyes.  Thank you Amazon Kindle...
This book was not something I enjoyed reading I don't know why ? Onto the next thanks Harper Lee at least other liked it
Font is a little small but I'm glad the book is printed in the US
Finally! Available on Kindle!  I bought it as soon as I found out.  I've read this book in print several times and it's one of my all-time favorites.  Now I can read it on my Kindle.  Yay!  I love that I can save passages and go back to them whenever I want.
Classic
Can't believe that I got through high school and college without reading this. One of the best books  that I have ever read!
"What can I say that hasn't been said already. One of the best books, ever.Thank you, Ms. Lee, for bringing it to the Kindle."
To Kill a Mockingbird  is worth the read even though it was written in 1960.  Reread it every year. Seriously.
A marvelously written classic about the protective relationship of 2 young children with a mentally challenged neighbor man.  The children were raised by their widowed father who was an attorney.  This story dealt with racial tension before civil rights and how miscarriage of justice has a way of righting itself. Their analysis of happenings showed wisdom beyond their young years.
Just a great book and story!!
One of the greatest books I have ever read.
"it is a beautifully written book. it has heart, soul, great story and such high ideals for all of us. it is unique in that it is really simple, easy to follow and understand."
"It is a very interesting read,I enjoyed it very much - now, I will get the DVD."
Loved this book!  I don't know why I had never read it before.
"I don't know how I made through school without reading this.  I finally read it and, of course, it's great.  I thought it was more courtroom drama, so was pleasantly surprised that it was more character based, than storyline or action.  Left me with a good feeling about people."
"What can I say?  Truly, and still today, one of the best books I have ever read!"
"Should be compulsory ready in any senior school, in top ten books of the printed word era."
Great
Great book. Glad I made it a point to read this. I am sad I finished it. Book was like a friend.
I want her to write more!!!!!!  It was incredible!!!!!  But this time maybe Jem can be the protagonist!!!!!!!!  Awesome book!!!!
"Every chapter of this book was enjoyable. Harper Lee was at his most knowing, deep, penetrating, humorous best. The voices of the characters are rich and real, and scenes and scenarios are magnificently introduced and described. This book deserves its status as a worthy piece of literature.  I see traces of it in The Usurper and Other stories, The Five People you meet in Heaven. I will read it again and again."
"I read this book at least once a year and find something new every time.  It will always be a classic.  The characters are flawless.  Bless you, Harper Lee."
"I have been envious of Jem and Scout every time I read this book. How fortunate they were to have had Atticus for a parent.  I can't find anything to criticize about the book...only that it should've been at least a 1,000 pages."
This book is full of suspense and justice.  I have this copy on my book shelf.  It never grows old for me.
There was absolutely nothing that I disliked about this book.  Harper Lee did an excellent job in making you fall in love with the characters!
"I'm an avid reader, and I'll read just about anything. But I do have a list - a short list - of books I read and reread - on a regular basis. ""TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD"" is one of those books. I still get goosebumps at certain parts of the book; still tear up; still laugh out loud, even though I've read this book a hundred times. I read this book, and I'm immediately transported through time to Alabama 1935, my Daddy's a lawyer, my best friend's name is ""Dill"" and he, my brother and I are trying to make ""Boo Radley"" come out. Harper Lee should have wrote more."
This is my second reading of Mockingbird and it will certainly not be my last.  This is by far my favorite book of all times.Pure poetry and magic.  Reading this whisks me to my childhood.  I am sorry that I am finished with it.It is a beautiful thing.
I read this book at school thirty plus years ago and always wanted a copy for my bookshelf . My book was aT my door in about four says and in excellent condition  I would definitely use this seller again.
I fell in love with this book when I was in college.  The characters seemed to leap off of the page.  I highly recommend this book.
"This book was very well written. It starts off slow, then when it picks up, it doesn't slow back down. I found myself almost having to finish reading it to see what would happen to the characters. It was very intriguing when Ms. Dubose was introduced to us. She elevated the plot. In conclusion, this book was a great read. It may take time to reach the point in the story where it's entertaining, but it does payoff."
One of my all-time favorite books - I love Scout and the only gum I buy now is Wrigley's Doublemint.
"how can anyone think to add to what has been said about this book over the past 60 years ?? .... what strikes me is how little has changed .. that bigotry and intolerance still exists and is as militant and unreasonable as America after the Civil War and certainly since the 1950's ... it is sad that any lessons to be learned by this work are not realized ... reading this book again is as wonderful and affirming as it was, for me .. 50 years ago ......."
product is what expected and did everything that I wanted to do and no problems with shipping and just great with product
"Most book readers have read this title as a teenager, even my work life was in the book selling business and I had not read this.  I have a list I am following for a book for each state.  This is the book for Alabama, and I was raised in a small rural town in the South.  We need more sitting on the front porch instead of racing down interstates.  We need to care about people that live near us."
"This is such a great book for adolescents. It teaches them about what the world used to be like before African Americans were considered equal, and that's something all younger generations should learn about. What makes it interesting is hearing the story from the eyes of a child whose father accepts the occupation of being a lawyer for a black man (which was not very popular at the time). This is one of my favorite books for sure."
This novel is breathtakingly beautiful and striking. I just finished reading it with my seventh grade class and it was absolutely phenomenal! Wow amazing!
My great granddaughter needed to write a review of this book.  So I bought one for myself to review after many of years.  I was not disappointed.  It is a classic.
"Greatly enjoyed reading the novel again after so many years.  It still evokes a time and place that no longer exists.  Harper Lee successfully created strong, vivid characters that live on in your mind well after the final chapter has been completed.  It's undeniably a classic."
the first time to read the book. seen the movie lots of times. the book has more adventures in it.
Thank you for your business. The product was just what I wanted.
"I was delighted to see that this book has been made available for the Kindle format.I am not sure that it could be read too many times. It is a classic in every way, and the Kindle edition is just fine."
"If you're going to write only one book in your life to be remembered for, let this be your guide.For starters, being an avid reader, I'm somewhat ashamed to admit that I have just read this masterpiece for the first time at just a few months shy of my fiftieth birthday. It's been the all-time favorite book of many people I know, mostly women. So it's been on my must-read list for a long time, hanging around with Moby Dick and a few others. But being a person who believes that you receive the message or the teacher when you are supposed to and receptive to the lesson to be learned.Aside from its must-read status and a few cultural references ( the schizophrenic Joon in the film Benny and Joon referring to her 'Boo Radley moments' comes to mind ), I was almost completely naive to the general story until a couple of years ago when the film was shown on one of the old movie channels I receive locally. I usually prefer to read the book before seeing the movie, but since I hadn't gotten to it yet, I decided what the Hell, I'll watch the movie. It's no great surprise that I loved it, which strengthened my resolve the read the book. Even though I knew the story now, I still ploughed through the book. A real page-turner. However, I was also determined to go slow enough to not overlook the subtleties of reading what I knew to be a masterpiece of modern fiction. Not disappointed, I savored every word and every page of this lovingly crafted meal.As for the story, I'm sure I can't add anything worth mentioning that hasn't already been written by better and more skilled reviewers than me. Briefly, an honest and true widower attorney in Jim Crow Alabama tries to do his small part in keeping the law colorblind in his small town. He's also trying, with more success than he realizes, to gently sculpt the minds and hearts of his two young children who are unfortunately but inevitably affected by race and class ugliness in an alleged black on white rape case. Through their observations and inevitable questions about this case, these two children are exposed to an issue they struggle to understand while also trying to cope with a real-life boogeyman next door that, in their inexperienced and naive minds, is a much greater threat to their lives than racism and institutionalized hatred.As this beautiful story unfolds, these children gradually come to understand that imagined boogeymen are far more benign than the very real ugliness in people that they thought were friendly and safe.Harper Lee's genius in crafting this novel is in her choice of teaching this lesson, which we can all learn from, through the eyes of two children as they are forced to grow up and learn to discern between real and imagined monsters.That's about all I have to say, leaving more eloquent analyses to those better at it than me. I feel richly rewarded by finally hunkering down and tackling a book that was a sheer pleasure to read and a profound lesson, even to this old-ish reader who thought I had already learned all these lessons.  After experiencing both the book and the film, and I generally try to avoid comparing films adapted from books because of the near impossibility of faithfully rendering books into movies, it's an apple/orange comparison most of the time. I have to say that in this case, the film rendering is nearly flawless. Whoever decided to cast Gregory Peck should be made a Saint of Hollywood. it was perfection, both the choice and the performance.Oh, and I've decided that my next dogs will be named Atticus, Jem, Scout, and Boo, not to appear edumacated to others, but because these characters have now become the most upstanding human beings I've ever had the pleasure to know."
Great book
It was great!!!!! I had seen the movie but never read the book. I read it on my Kindle and had a hard time putting it down.  I would highly recommend it.
I did enjoy reading this. It was very different than a lot of the books I've read. It was so realistic.
"Seriously. When I was in high school, they made us choose between a couple of books, between them being to kill a mochkingbird. I chose pride and prejudice, and the friends that chose to kill a mockingbird were all so bored with the book, they watched the movie just so they didn't have to go throug the book. But they were so wrong. This book has it all, a really good storie about a little family living in a little town in alabama in the ""post deppresion"" years; its got the racial issue goin on, and finally but most importantly, it deala with the grand themes in literature. Right and wrong are difficult to see whe one is so polluted by the values and thinking of the society one lives in. But Atticus Finch and their children find a way to do good in the middle of all the wrongness."
Truely one of the best books ever written.
"I love this book , but I would have liked a different copy of it . It is a favorite book of mine."
I am only writing a review because I received 3 of the 5 books that I ordered. My next step I guess is to contact Amazon and figure out a resolution.
"Originally published on The Canon! [...]I first read To Kill A Mockingbird in high school and have always been entranced by the title. I picked up the book this time with the intention of finally getting to the bottom of the mockingbird imagery.It was this line on page of 119 of my edition that sparked my interest:""...but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.""Harper explains through Miss Maudie:""Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't end up in people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird"" (119).Scout, looking back on her childhood as a full-grown adult, realizes that many of her memories were painted in pure black and white before Atticus's famous case. Atticus was right, Dill was her fiancee, and Boo Radley was scary. As Scout grows, the colors begin to blend together into shades of grey, but one motif continues to rise above them all: innocence.For Scout, innocence is something she's never had to consider until the case. There was right, wrong, black and white. Innocence itself shifts the book from these two primary colors into something much murkier, causing Scout to finally examine things from all angles, including her own beliefs and the culture around her. The mockingbird, to me, is a symbol of innocence. They don't do anything but ""sing their hearts out,"" which is seen as a innocent and heartwarming pastime (119). Other birds may ruin, disorder, or corrupt, but the mockingbird does none of these things and therefore remains above others.As to who the mockingbird directly represents, I couldn't say for certain. One this read, the mockingbird imagery doesn't fit one particular character - it brought out the pure white, the innocent, in a few different characters and occasionally highlighted the darkness in others.Sometimes I read these novels again and feel like nothing has changed from my first read in high school/college/whenever. I had forgotten the poignancy of To Kill A Mockingbird. Just in my quick read, I've found a few moments where I have to sit the book down and just think about the magic and profoundness of the book I've just read. That simple feeling is why this book will remain a classic with me always."
I reread this for the first time since high school and it is still just as moving as it was then.
"I you like Literature, this is a must read. This book belongs already to Universal Literature Classic books League, such as the ones of Shakespeare, Don Quijote, Dostoievski, Kafta, etc. This book was in my must read list for 11 years, before I was able to read it.Harper Lee wrote a masterpiece, which I recomend to both, the avid reader and the ocassional one. It's not only about racism, it's a story, that sometimes seems was written for children, then just for grown ups. Baby boomers, can easy relate to it, because, children played with marbles, and tire tubes, among other items. However, younger generations, can see it as a classic. When someone asks  me: What books do you recommend me to read? To kill a mockingbird is one of them. This book proves American Literature is one of the best. A reader of this book, will undertand  american culture much better. In an era, where, before trying to read a classic book, a person reads 2 or 3 email addresses mails, twitter, facebook, netflix series, the news, tech notes, self help books, work related books, paperback novels; indeed, to kill a mockingbird is a great literary work choice."
"I first read To Kill a Mockingbird in 1963.  I loved it then. Fifty-one years later, I savored it.When I was “nearly thirteen”, as Jem was in the book, I already had a full-time summer job and a part-time avocation—reading.  After finishing all of Mark Twain’s books, from age 13-14 I read everything Charles Dickens wrote. I considered myself “grown up”.  And, as an only child who’d spent more than the usual time with adults and been given lots of responsibility, I was.Reading To Kill a Mockingbird, brought me back to my early teen years in a small town. We had our own Boo Radley (two in fact) and as kids had carte blanche in roaming the streets and the nearby environs, much like the Finch kids. I especially remember walking home by myself at age 9—three long blocks—from a Community Concert at the high school well after dark. And I had a fussy mother. No one ever got hurt. The Milk River flowed a half block from my home but no one ever worried about it until it overflowed when I was a sophomore in high school and I ended up skipping school to fill sandbags.I was a girly girl and I enjoyed meeting Scout. I had had her independence, but not her scrappy personality. It was a good experience.But most of all in my second reading, I concentrated on Atticus Finch and learning about what life was like in the Deep South in the 1930’s.  I never realized it during my first reading, but I believe my attitude toward segregation was and is based on his common sense and empathy. Thank you, Attitus!When I heard that many high schools were giving To Kill a Mockingbird as required reading, I rejoiced. I now think everyone should read it again (and perhaps twice if you’ve not had the pleasure of reading it yet). But this time, don’t speed read. Find a comfy sofa, take your shoes off and put your feet up, make a pot of tea, sit it beside you, and begin. As I said, it’s a book to savor."
The book came in a neat package. There was no major flaw except for a little scratch near the bottom left corner. Generally pleased.
"In pretty good shape, except it wasn't mentioned that the book had 2o or so pages of writing and highlighting."
The book was excellent. It had some different twists compared to the movie. Really enjoyed the main characters andcould really see them in my mind since I've seen the movie so many times.
"Although I have watched the movie many times since I was a child, I had never read the book.  It was just as wonderful as I expected it to be."
"If you have never read this book, do so. It is an American classic that you will never forget. The movie, Starring Gregory Peck, is also one of my favorites"
I needed this for my classroom for some students.  It is just as I was expecting it to me. Perfect!
This is a good classic.  Very well written.  A novel that keeps your attention and conveys beautiful lessons in love.
"Since my own writing style has the casual flow used by Harper Lee, I wanted the print copy to teach me how to develop a story line with that same feel but also with depth, purpose and deep feeling. Too bad she didn't write more. I have always loved this story of small town southern living, not because I come from the south, but because I treasure the values of the era. My own family were like Addicus Finch in many ways, and we lived a long way north of the setting for this treasure of a story. It will remain in the heart of my library of printed books."
The book was not at all the edition I was expecting. I bought it thinking it was the one I wanted by indicating your hyperlink. I'm really disappointed.
I was glad to find this as a replacement book at a reasonable price.  This replaces a lost book in moving.
"'To Kill a Mockingbird' is one of m all-time favorite reads.  The movie, starring Gregory Peck, is so true to the story.  I have come to realize that the story is based on the life experiences of  the author, Harper Lee.  It contains all the ingredients of a great novel, humor, pathos, suspense.  I would recommend it to readers of all ages, and I am glad that it is required reading in many high schools."
The book arrived in perfect condition. It was an additional copy for my 16 year old who is likely to leave his books in his locker rather than bring them how.
"I recently re-read this vastly touching novel after I spent some time talking with a niece who was reading it for school. I was re-inspired to visit this story again and it's so enjoyable seeing a 14 year old read this as if it were brand new.It doesn't matter the time period, it's the sincerity of the voice and the true situations and the actual events that make it all come to life. There's a haunting beauty to the south--and I often find myself reading many a Southern author. There's something in the storytelling with these writers,"
I like content of this book. I read it on one breath. This is very interesting book. I will recommend.
"I had never read this book before, but I heard about it.  It was a great read.  I can see why it is a classic!"
I always want to read this book! And now I have a chance to read it with only $4.99. I am very excited!
The only other authors I can think of who only wrote one novel (that also were very well received) are Margaret Mitchell and Katherine Ann Porter (although she also wrote numerous short stories.) I plan to re-read Mockingbird and watch the video which closely adheres to the book.
If you like or love the movie then you will definitely like or love the book.  No wonder it's still in circulation after all these years. Will be rereading this book for a long long time.
I loves this product. The shipping was quick as and described. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for this item.
"This is a fantastic book. Great characters, great story. There is a reason why it is a classic!! Worth the read."
My 8th grader needed this for her literature class. The book came right on time and in good condition. Both my daughter & husband read it and they both agreed it should be read by everyone!The characters are well defined. The storylines pull you straight back to another time. Harper Lee
It's a great classic to have and add to your collection. I think if you enjoyed it as a child you should be able to enjoy it as an adult and share it with your loved ones!
What more can I say? Except why do they call their father Atticus and not Daddy? I devoured this book
"Sissy Spacek does a WONDERFUL job narrating this book.  I'm a high school teacher, and we're reading this in class.  I get tired of reading to the kids, so I purchased this to read for me.  She does a much better job than I do!  Love it!"
"I heard so many good things about this book and I wanted to read it for so long, so I guess it made my expectations unrealistically high. So I might have been slightly too harsh with the 4 star rating.The writing is simple and yet beautiful; the characters are very loveable and well developed. Harper managed to convey the feeling of a small Southern town brilliantly, as well as the hardship of black people during the 1930s, and the white people who tried to fight an unjust system."
this book was so useful when understanding the book. I liked to read it once before and after to make sure I got it all.
"needed this for school. too a little long for getting to us considering it was shipped from the state i live in, but it was in excellent condition."
"IT IS FOR NEXT YEAR,FOR MY STUDENT TO READ FOR OUR HOMESCHOOL CLASS. WE ALSO GOT THE MOVIE, FOR AFTER WE READ THE BOOK.  GOD BLESS"
"The first time I read To Kill a Mockingbird I found myself glued to it.  I did not want to put it down until I finished,  The prime character in it was a lawyer who was extremely ethical. He took on a case with a black man, when the South was entirely Jim Crow.  He put his life on the line to defend him. This is a very worthwhile book and is full of decent values."
"One of the few stories I was ""forced"" to read in school, but willingly read again and again as an adult. Dealing with the ongoing issue of race, this book gives you the chance to form opinions on your own, and challenges you to see all sides of a complex social issue. This book is a classic that I'd recommend to anyone who hasn't read it at least once."
"I HAD A HOUSE SITTING JOB ALL WINTER WHERE THERE WAS NOT TELEVISION.  I STARTED READING EVERYTHING I SHOULD HAVE READ YEARS EARLIER.  THERE IS A STORE IN SPOKANE, BOO RADLEYS, AND UNTIL NOW, I  HAD NOW IDEA WHAT THE NAME EVEN MEANT.  IT IS A EASY READING VERY GOOD BOOK."
"I give this seller a five star rating for the fact, that the book is as described. It is a very nice 50th Anniversary edition in well taken care of condition. I am extremely pleased with this purchase."
"This, along with Catcher in the Rye, has go to be the worst book ever foisted upon a gulliable American public. The entire plot reeks of implausability, and given the crime statistics of the last thirty years, laughable if it weren't so sad. In  a just world Harper Lee and her acolytes would be forced to live in the Hell the helped create. Instead it's the gated community for the elite.Dissgusting beyond belief. Harper Lee owes an apology to untold numbers of girs, women, and families."
"It's a classic for a reason. I loved this book. My 11 year old now wants to read it now, too."
"This book is one of those classic stories that most kids read in High School or even before. I read this in High School and we read it with our son in grade school at home. The book is all about peacefully resisting racism and prejudice. In this story, you see that things aren't always the way they seem or the way that some people portray them. Perspectives can often be tainted. The characters in this story learn to evaluate a person by their actions and their character rather than through gossip or another's views which, can many times differ from reality and what is true. Great story and good messages throughout!"
"If you have read it, read it again to remember why you loved it. If you haven't read it yet, don't wait any longer. This is the 50th anniversary of this amazing piece of work. We loved the main character so much we named our new born son Atticus."
"One of the great American novels.  A terrific coming-of-age story.  I loved the book.  The library binding, on the other hand was awful. It is not hard bound.  It's glorified cardstock with a thinly glued spine, no stitching.  Not my idea of something that would last at a library at all.  Very disappointed in the binding for the price.  Next time, I'd hold out for a true hard bound version."
"Oh, I would recommend this book to everyone!  I fell in love with the story many, many years ago.  Just recently a member of my book club chose it.  I am so very glad she did!  It gave me the opportunity to revisit it and remember why I love it so much!Atticus Finch is, in my humble opinion, an excellent parent example.  He is there for his children but doesn't smother them or try to tell them who to be, only how to be.  The children are growing up about the time I did myself, which most likely makes this story more identifiable to me.  I remember the times when we would go out to play and didn't have to come home 'til the street lights came on.  I remember the time when children were watched out for by all members of the community.  I remember the race issues of the '50's and '60's.  I love this book because of the way Atticus addressed the issues of the time and how he explained their significance to his children.I would most definitely tell you that if you have not read this book, please do so soon.  It's food for thought and entertainment wrapped into one.  What a spectacular story!"
This purchase was a gift for my Grandson's 2nd grade teacher at the end of this school year. She was very pleased and said she had not read it. It has always been one of my favorite books. I was pleased with the book and the delivery which I have come to expect from Amazon.com Thank you!
must have been for schol and one of the kids. i watched the movie and thought it was great too.
The story itself was good but there was major highlighting in it which made it hard to read😔 the story is really interesting though.
"It took me 65 years, and an uncounted number of viewings but I finally got around to reading the book! It was worth the wait."
"I loved the book, It came with notes written on some of the pages from the previous owner. But there is no missing pages or anything and it's looks like it was well taken care of."
This book has always been a favorite of mine and I consider it a must read.  The elements of the injustices of the world are so clearly illuminated.
"i was forced to read this book in school and i absolutely hated it. the movie wasn't that bad but the book was terrible. if i had a machine to erase every memory i had of this book, i would use it."
This book is a classic not only for content but for its superb literary style.  Highly recommended for all ages!
I keep buying  this book to give as gifts so I can share this wonderful story with others....it's too good to miss.
"I first read this novel when I was 14 years old. Maybe not being sophisticated enough I thought it was quite boring and the only scene sticking in my mind for all these years was the court scene.Now “grown up” and a lot wider read I really enjoyed the story of small town Maycomb and it’s inhabitants. It isn’t just a story of white v black as I thought it would be, but more of how a small close knit town thinks and functions and how narrow minded they can become.The story is told through the eyes and ears of Scout between the ages of 5 and 9. She seemed wise beyond her years which I think was due to the fact that she was brought up by her father and brother, Jem, who was 4 years older than her.“ Simply because we were licked a hundred years before we started is no reason for us not to try to win ”Atticus fought for what he knew was right even though he couldn’t win. The people of Maycomb were all in the court room they knew the truth but they didn’t have the courage to stand up to history.Atticus was a great role model for his two children. He didn’t only talk the talk he walked the walk.The story evoked so many emotions. At times tears welled up as I read and at other times I wanted to throw the book on the floor and shout at the residents of Maycomb.It’s simply a story you must read. Just to say you’ve read it. Have you ever heard the sudden gasps in a room when someone announces that they have never actually read To Kill a Mockingbird. It’s just unheard of!!"
"I have loved this book since I was a child, and now I have handed it over to my children. It never disappoints."
I am 13 and I read this for school but it felt like pleasure reading because it was actually pretty good. I liked the characters a lot and the book had adventure but also a balance of some deep stuff about understanding others. I really liked her relationship with her brother. I thought they were sweet together.
"Love this book, it was one of those book that I could read over and over again. I wouldn't trade it for anything"
"This book is a great read from page one. The way Lee depicts the life of a Southern family during the Depression is truly amazing. Lee tells the novel through the eyes of eight year old Scout Finch, and describes her life with her brother Jem and their father Atticus. The book takes us three years into the life of scout which is punctuated by the arrest and trial of a black man accused of rape on a white woman. Although a big part of the book is the trial, Harper covers many themes which defined Scout's life. The real appeal to this book perhaps is the way it reminds readers of people or a town they have known. It is to me moving, passionate and told with great humor and tenderness."
"“Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.”Another classic book with a female version of Tom Sawyer (Scout Finch). A story about morality, preconception, and knowledge. A great book but monotonous sometimes, I wonder why is it so highly praised."
"I lived in Biloxi (""Old Miss""), for a year in '65/'66. I thought this ""classic"" would bring back the memories. Yes, I know, the story was not written about Biloxi, but the characters sure display the SAMENESS. The ""reader"" (Sissy Spacek) is above ""excellant"". The story line is just, as far as I can remember, about ""spot on"". Glad I was in that part of the world, at that particular ime, and awfully glad it was for only 1 year. And most glad to be able to read about it all these years later. A wonderfully written book about an AWFUL time in the counttries history. This ""talking book"" gets added to the ""keep forever"" shelf."
I bought this book when my grandson had to read it for school.  Even though I hadRead it many times I couldn't resist reading it again.
Book  was in perfect condition and is an excellent read.  The story never gets old.  It is something you read over and read again.
This is a great book. Hard to find in stores for this price. Excellent bargain & would recommend for anyone seeking book for leisure reading or assigned reading.
It is a very good book. The setting closely coincides with the way things were. The outcome was somewhat predictable.
A must buy! Something that my kids' school has banned from the library. Talking to the pig headed principal was no help. This book is a classic for history buffs.
"One of the best book that I have ever read. Sometimes I get suspicious of books that are called ""classics"" because I usually find them horrible. This is not the case here."
"Let's examine why this book is a rite of passage for teenagers.First, it is wonderfully written. This encourages children to push all their chips into the pot on doing something just once and hoping it to be a cash cow for the rest of their lives. Lee never wrote another book and because it is clear breeding in this nation continues, she can always expect to sell 250,000 copies a year, thus ensuring a robust return. Our special and unique children will learn that they really must only do something well once to reap the rewards. (Most will even be issued a special ribbon just for having read a book.)Second, we must always remind teens that white people are racists. Always. This is very important. Even if the white person is performing CPR on someone who identifies as a minority, that white person is racist. And this book will teach that. Though Atticus Finch defended Tom Robinson, we all know that the case was lost because Atticus was white. If Robinson had had Johnnie Cochran, he would have walked. A white public defender just isn't going to go that extra mile to clear him. He was too busy being a parent or being spat upon to concern himself with a defense. Racism.And finally, teens should have to read this novel, or see the movie as reading is no longer encouraged as reading can impact the self-esteem of those who do not read so well, to learn that engaging with crazy people is a good thing. Yes, all people should be sure to get involved with recluses. Because nothing pleases the borderline sociopathic more than having visitors. And when that person goes bats*** and stabs a lawyer, we will ignore it because... really... a lawyer... does anyone miss John Edwards? So, kids, be sure to get to know your local recluse. The resultant deaths will be a benefit to society."
"Harper Lee addresses some important issues in the book, including how superstitious fear influences racism and how we are all trapped and isolated by baseless fears and mindless beliefs.  But she also writes so well about childhood, and captures much of what is best about the South...and its not-so-good side as well.  She was a great writer and this is a book you have to read.  If you love evocative tales of childhood that alone can recommend the book to you.  But it has so much more to offer as well."
Ms. Lee takes to much heat for not writing more novels.  To the critics I say you're entitled to your opinion... now take a flying leap.
I really enjoy reading this classic. Such a fantastic story of friendship and growing up during the 30's. It's a story that I'll be reading again in the future.
"It wasn't fore me, it was for a ninth grader, as a class activity.  All her classmates were supposed to purchase the book.  She's up to par, and the class is reading it together."
Was referred to this book by a friend. Very intriguing. Was sent in great condition. I would recommend this to anyone.
"Haven't finished the book yet, but I find it captivating!!  I'm using it fora study course for a middle school student."
"As a 75 year old Southerner, Huckleberry Finn and To Kill a Mockingbird have long been my favorites.  I had the opportunity to teach both of them in language arts/English classes.  50+ years ago, To Kill a Mockingbird gave my Southern, segregated students a window into a world that they wouldn't have known otherwise.  It was hard for many of them to grapple with the point of view of the book and what they had heard at home since birth.  It was not an easy process but one that was worth it.  And, yes, it did disturb the peace which eventually became a vocation for me as an educator and social worker."
the book is in good condition but the book sucks. in my honest opinion i find this book really bored and over kiled
"I'd somehow missed this book in high school and college and finally picked it up. A friend had raved about it. It won the Pulitzer Prize. It's renowned a classic. And I found myself wondering -- why? It's a good story, but not a great book. The writing is workmanlike and capable and seldom surprises or delights, but nor does it grate or irritate. The final third of the book just seemed to drag on and like the overall work, would have benefited from a tough editor excising unnecessary material. It presents facts and circumstances capably enough, but falls short in subtlety and insight. It certainly wasn't the 5-star piece of literature I was expecting."
"You've got to be kidding me!!!I'll remove and edit my review (which is unfair to the text itself...I think, since -never having read it- I was just going to purchase it for my kindle when surprise-surprise: one of the most important, influential and popular american classics was NOT AVAILABLE FOR KINDLE), when it's available for ebook."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by novelist Harper Lee sets you right into the middle of a town in Maycomb County, Alabama where racial tensions run high. The book shows the “small-town-story” with the mystery of the town shut in and the story being told by a young girl. The story is told without the biases that older narrators can bring, making the story seem pure and innocent. The tension between the characters that is captured in the pages of To Kill a Mockingbird keeps readers interested in every character’s next move, whether it is curiosity surrounding Boo Radley or about the Tom Robinson case. The story keeps you guessing with every turn of a page. There were many characters in To Kill a Mockingbird, but only some of them are present throughout the entire story and the drama of the book. As the plot unfolds, Scout, the main character and narrator, begins to develop her personality and begins to understand more about what is happening around her. She begins to form her own opinions on things that are happening in the town. Jem, Scout’s older brother, begins to mature and would rather spend time alone than with Scout, which kind of throws a wrench in their relationship that had been really close before. Atticus, the children’s father, is also present throughout most of the story. Atticus is a lawyer and is cool and collected whenever confronted with a problem, even those he has as a single father. The personalities of these characters intermingle together to give the story a plot that keeps you turning pages. The plot of this novel is pretty suspenseful from beginning to end. With the mysterious “Boo” Radley living next door to Jem and Scout, they are almost always trying to devise a plan to catch a glimpse of this town shut-in. Meanwhile, the court case that Atticus is assigned to darkens the corners of the book and is a classic black vs. white case. It draws a lot of attention to the Finch family that is quite unwanted. This case keeps the story interesting, especially from Scout’s point of view because she is so young and only understands part of what is actually taking place. The racial tension that is the base of this court case really begins to bother the children. The racial tension makes things really intense during the court case, especially the way that the children react to the treatment of blacks. The children are raised in a society where there is no respect for blacks, but they find out how repulsive the way that some white people treat blacks really is. That makes Scout’s point of view really interesting because she sees things that not all of the people in the story notice or even care about. In conclusion, To Kill a Mockingbird is a really good book and should be read by anyone who wants to understand how racial tension that actually was present in the south in the 1930’s. If I were to rate this book, I would give it a 4.5 out of 5, the only thing that I don’t like about the entire story was how hard it was to understand the old-time-drawl at the beginning of the story, but I really loved the story and the scenes that were brought to the attention of the readers. The theme, plot, and characters intertwine in a delicate web that makes a book into a page turning story that should be devoured by everyone.Jocalyn"
"No matter your age, you will experience new understandings each time you reread To Kill a Mockingbird. Discrimination in multiple forms continues to exist in our society.  Harper Lee has written the perfect book to open a discussion of it with children whether they are your students, your children or grandchildren.  With your adult friends, you will be able to consider the ways the topic shows itself in the media and different area of our country."
most readers know about the novel although a bit dated-still readable-anyone who enjoys a good read would like it-i think?
WOW!!!!This book is a classic book that follows the movie. I will keep this book in my forever books. I love to read and this one is top of my list as a great read.
I read this 45 or so years ago.  It was as fresh and pertinent today as it was then.  A real spellbinder with so many messages for all of us that it should be read every few years.
A lovely book with one of the great male characters in American literature--Atticus Finch.  I was delighted to reread it.
"Harper Lee's gripping novel is set in a small Alabama town during the great depression. This story confronts racism and shows the development of youth through a town tragedy that shakes the town with controversy. This Pulitzer Prize winning novel is full of realistic characters that give readers a real sense of life in a small southern town seventy years after the end of the civil war. To Kill a Mockingbird is the only novel Harper Lee wrote, but it is a masterpiece."
"cardstock cover the ink fell of a little as it wrinkles  from opening, but that's normal when you open the book front and back are fine and pages are good and clear pretty good for mass produced but just a quick read I don't expect it to be able to take too much wear and tear so like maybe kids wont have this for long but as an adult I'm careful so it'll be fine."
A pleasant enough read. Change the names and you have a female Tom Sawyer. Hardly worth a Pulitzer Prize though.
In the description it said the book had some wear and tear. When I got it It was scribbled all over on both inside covers and marked on a lot of the pages. I still like the book itself but not what I though as normal wear and tear.
"If anyone has ever seen the movie, this book is a must read. A classic that I'm glad went back into print."
"This is a great book of course, and not easy to find.  The quality and binding is excellent and sturdy and will be in my bookcase for years to come.  Thanks Amazon!"
What can I say other than I wish I had read To Kill a Mockingbird when I was in high school.  Not sure why it was not part of my required reading.
FAST SHIPPING! GREAT PRICE! THANKS!!!
"Review of the Characters:Scout– Easily the best protagonist I have ever read. She describes the dramatic events that take place in little Maycomb, all the while sounding exactly like the child she is, keeping the reader laughing at her simple logic. There are so many aspects that make this novel great but I believe it was Harper Lee deciding to use the point of view of a child that MADE this novel what is continues to be today. Scout is not yet tainted by an adult’s judgement and as so sees things more clearly than any adult would. For example, she more or less brings to light her teacher’s hypocrisy when her teacher says that Hitler is wrong for discriminating against Jews when the teacher in fact indulges in her own prejudices against blacks. What I love is that we truly grow with Scout; through her innocent, easy days to the days where she realized that humanity has a great capacity for evil, however she never once loses her spirit and through this we see that humanity can combat evils with simple kindness. (There are countless great scenes with Scout but my favorite would have to be when she stops a mob of men intending to hurt her father simply by showing them kindness).Atticus– I consider Atticus the main character of the novel even though it is not told from his point of view, proof of this is Lee who was originally going to title the novel Atticus but then changed her mind. We needed Scout’s perspective to give us child’s logic, but it was Atticus that showed us the depths of humanity. We saw a good man struggle but all the while trying the best that he could. He is the type of man who actually lives by his morals instead of just saying that he does, “he acts the same way he does out in public as he does in his home.” We watch as Atticus does only right, his friends (and even certain family members) turn on him. Everything he does, he does with the intent of making his children proud. “Before Jem looks at anyone else he looks at me, and I’ve tried to live so I can look squarely back at him.” It’s because of Atticus that Jem and Scout grew up with clarity and compassion. Oddly enough his children don’t idolize him in the beginning of the novel because he is different from other fathers, but by the end they realize that it is this difference that makes him heroic. Atticus is the person we all strive to be.Jem– Scout being too young to fully absorb the injustice that plays through this novel, Jem reveals the heart-break of childhood when one discovers that justice does not always prevail. In the beginning of the novel Jem’s world is innocent and fun but as the trial plays out evil is introduced into his world and he is forced to face that sometimes you can’t win against it. It’s a tough lesson to learn and Jem changes because of it, stopping Scout from killing a roly poly because it has done nothing to harm her. He is starting to cling to the mockingbird theory, trying to stop evil when he can. The hardest part for me to read was the trial because Jem was so sure and excited for justice to prevail and when it didn’t (even though we saw this through Scout’s eyes) the reader’s heart broke with Jem’s.Review of the Story:The story is… well, it’s so much more than a story. It is a window to humanity. It paints a portrait of the stark reality of our world in the point of view of a child, which is nothing but accurate. Lee’s story is timeless. It’s a tale that all can connect too because the ugly truth about humans is we NEED social outcasts. There will always be discrimination whether it be based on race, sexual orientation or gender but Lee’s novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, shows us that we must do our best in spite of this downfall of humanity. We must fight these evils even if we can’t beat them. To Kill a Mockingbird can be described in so many words: quiet, truthful and genius.Review of the Writing:Harper Lee’s writing is one than any could take in, chew and stir around. She writes so that her meaning is clear though in the context many complex devices lie. For example, symbolism. I found three mockingbird (please tell me if you found more).Tom Robinson– He was innocent and not only that but he bestowed acts of kindness on his accuser on a regular basisBoo Radley– An intelligent child broken (but not all the way) by a cruel fatherJem Finch– An innocent who had his world shatter because of the injustice of the trial.She is a brilliant writer adding to her talented aura by not publishing another novel.Rating:People don’t call To Kill a Mockingbird the novel of the century for nothing. Harper Lee wrote the novel that can sum up humanity in three hundred or so pages. She talked about harsh truths and good morals all the while keeping us laughing. (I love the part where Jem claims the Egyptians gave us a whole lot of important stuff– like toilet paper). My only wish is that Harper Lee had published another novel."
These audio cd's should be helpful for students with poor reading ability.  They also provide variety for presentation to a class.
I hadn't read this in close to forty years and recently picked up the anniversary copy. It was as amazing as ever and is truly a timeless masterpiece.
"I never read this as a young man, and don't know if I would have fully appreciated it if I had.  So, even if you read this in high school or college, it has a depth of meaning and element of profundity that is amplified as an adult - especially an adult with children.  You begin to better understand the struggles faced by Atticus Finch, the wonderment and wisdom of Scout and the coming of age of Jem - all with eyes that have seen this in your life experience.  The prejudices of the community are abhorrent to the modern educated reader - and yet were the norm within a generation of our adulthood - and have not yet been fully eradicated.It is a powerful book, with amazing insights and a colloquial feel that really engages the modern reader.  A MUST read."
One of the classic American books required by a majority of schools for middle schoolers.  It is worth a second read as an adult.
"I'm just not cut out for ""literature"" or classics, although I keep trying to give myself a little ""culture"".I enjoyed the movie, and not-so-much the book.  I was a bit bored with it.  The subject matter seems to be timeless...prejudice...those who want to keep it and those who want to transcend it."
Great moving story! A must read! A book you can revisit every few years and love every time you read it!
"You are not buying a first edition book here.  It won't look like the book they have represented in their photo.  It is a replica; a 50th anniversary printing designed to look like the original.  Buyer beware.  Great book, bad business."
"I loved the book to kill a mocking bird becase all of the action that the book has . my favrite part of the book is , when Boo gives them the gifts. ""Jem looked around , reached up , ...we ran home ,and on the front porch we looked in side the small box ( Lee 46).I think the trial part of the book was the best becase of all of the things that hapend dering the chapters. I think Lee put this in the book to make it entertaning over  the parts of the boring case  noah.p"
"Nice book! I'm reading it because of school, I thought It would be boring but no. (I'm not a reader). It came on 3 days and perfect conditions"
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a heartwarming, well-devloped book. Its enriching content really speaks to the reader, and tells a great story. It's honestly one of the best books I've ever read.  For me, this book symbolizes the power of not giving up. Of fighting for what you believe to be right. Standing up for others around you. This book tells the story of a family, with a father as an attorney, defending a man, who is believed to be guilty of doing a crime, which he didn't do. Something that really drew me in was towards the end of the book, when Scout about how nice people were, and Atticus replied that ""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."" It shows the generosity some their family gave to others.  At first, when I started reading this book, I honestly didn't like it as much. I thought the first chapter was boring and didn't have enough detail to draw me in to read the rest of the book. As I continued to read though, I started liking the book more, because each chapter became more interesting than the rest. Throughout the story, the plot wasn't the same. In most books, there's usually only one plot. Possibly multiple ones though that draw back to the original plot. As for this book though, there were many different plots throughout the story. It interests the reader, and it's unique.  This book is very unique, and a good choice for a pre-college book."
"I bought this for my 11-year-old niece, knowing that when she is ready to read it, it will be there for her.  I'm sure she will see herself in Scout, or vice-versa."
"Required reading, good book.  Would recommend everyone read this book.  It is a classic.  Good price and availability on Amazon."
"I love this book as do most folks. But I didn't realize ""Library Binding Edition"" meant cheap paper, cheap binding, miniscule page margins. My bad, I guess. Next time I'll order a hardbound or a trade paperback.."
"As denoted in the title line... one light- hearted and the other...  Harper Lee's incomparable masterpiece is the original coming-of-age story about  a young Southern girl who recalls her life in Depression-era Alabama.  Her father, an articulate, compassionate, educated lawyer solemnly upholds his code of honor, which is tested while defending a black farmer accused of raping a white woman.  Within the spokes of the story lies a plot filled with lazy summer days, an eccentric, acerbic elderly lady, the ""mysterious"" Boo Radley which all the neighborhood children fear, and ultimately the triumph of the human spirit and goodness.  Not hokey, but wonderfully sentimental.  No other book even comes close."
"I read it years ago and watched the movie 4 times my all time favorite book and movie, it should be a must to read in school"
"How could anyone not like this book.  It may be old, but it never loses it's appeal. It is a book that holds a message for years to come."
"It is a great book, a beautiful novel, a clasic of literature, is fantastic children study it al school, thanks"
I ordered new hard cover anniversary edition of this clasic for our grandson.  I was very dissappointed in the quality fo this printing.  It was basically a paperback with a stiff cover.  The spine of the book is not attached to the binding.  I would send it back but he needs if for class next week.
Read this book a long time ago but wanted to read it again.  It truly is a classic.  Make your kids read this book.
"I didn't read this book in high school like many have. But I found it as an adult while traveling in Iran. There are shops that sell books in the English language but I found a copy in my friends house and borrowed it 'cause I was in the mood to read a book and had heard the title and recognized it as a ""classic"".Now I don't generally like to spoil the story for anyone. I feel like the less you know about a story, when you start, the better. The author didn't write the story with the assumption that you had a summary of it before you began reading. She would like to be the first to introduce you to every little aspect of this story so I'll not discuss plots. Besides, if great books have something in common, it's not the stories that they tell, but rather the depth of the characters within them. Great books manage to introduce the essence of each character in a way that makes you feel like you know them and care about everything that happens to them. When the story ends, it feels like you have just lost a dear friend. You want to follow them and know more about them but you can't.Harper Lee, was a tomboy much like the character of Scout in the story. In fact there are a lot of autobiographical elements in the book. Apparently ""Scout's friend Dill was inspired by Lee's childhood friend and neighbor, Truman Capote, while Lee, in turn, is the model for a character in Capote's first novel, Other Voices, Other Rooms.  While Lee has downplayed autobiographical parallels in the book, Truman Capote, mentioning the character Boo Radley in To Kill a Mockingbird, described details he considered biographical: ""In my original version of Other Voices, Other Rooms I had that same man living in the house that used to leave things in the trees, and then I took that out. He was a real man, and he lived just down the road from us. We used to go and get those things out of the trees. Everything she wrote about it is absolutely true. But you see, I take the same thing and transfer it into some Gothic dream, done in an entirely different way.""What I discovered in the pages of this book was adventure, inspiration and friendship. Yes friendship… It was like meeting and developing a close friendships with the characters, and I am influenced by these characters, just as, in life, you get influenced sometimes by your friends or family. This happens very rarely to me, and I'm jealous of anyone who has not yet read this book. I'm jealous because of the surprise and awe that they still have waiting for them when they eventually get round to opening the pages of ""To Kill a Mockingbird""."
"We haven't read the book yet, its for our 2014 school year and my daughter is a 9th grader!But the book is very appealing and the writing inside is large enough not to overwhelm anyone."
Daughter needed this book for her school summer reading program. Received it within the time frame given. The condition was decent.
The book is small in size as if part of a juvenile series. I thought I had ordered a full sized hardback book
"This is easily one of the best books I have ever read.  If you have not yet read it, you owe it to yourself to do so."
This is one of the greatest books ever written. I have not seen this particular cover before and was stoked to have it. Five star rating fit because it is again one of the greatest books ever written.
"It is so unusually spoken in an authentic language of the time, fashion and community ofa world unknown to me.  That is what kept me reading.  Like listening to poetry fromanother foreign culture, so fascinating their thoughts, actions and most interestingnon-action!Ding"
"I couldn't find a original version here in my country (Brazil), so I decided to buy on amazon. The price is great, the art of the cover is great. It'd be better if it was hardcover, but I understand this is the cheaper version! I love it anyway."
I love this book. I can't for my children to read it. I think every American. Should read this book at least once.
"Oh how I wish Harper Lee had written more books!  I had not picked this book up since high school, and I found it even more delightful and insightful now than I did then.  Completely captures the era.  Read it again, you will enjoy it!"
"To kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee!I am sure tons of people will write about the politics, socio economic, irony of this war on home turf via WWII.I however was blown away by Atticus. The father that had the guts to fight for his beliefs notwithstanding popular opinion.  A father that allows his children to grow up as individuals but doing it with the knowledge that he tried to raise them to be good people. A father who takes the time to explain to a 9 year old what motivates him to take on a case he knows he will not win -- Cause if I don't I can't ever ask you and Jem to mind me again.....WaAr"
I read this book every year and still find hidden treasures in the poetic language. Its the classic American novel.
The book came out in the 1960 when I was in my early teens.  After all these years I never forgot it as it really sticks with you.  I recently bought the book and the movie and will be reading the book in my spare time.
Loved this book as a kid and now sharing with my boys during the classes at school for there learning as well.
"This is one if the best books I've read, and I recommend it to everyone.  You get a great story and you learn something about what it was like to live in the south during that time."
Great book... A beautiful classic! A must have for anyone's book collection. Not only is it a great read but it looks amazing on the shelf.
"Quietly heroic 50-something single father, Atticus, has a simple uncompromisable Christian and American Way belief system.  Eight year-old Jean Louise (""Scout""), the daughter, is a perfect narrator.  The white trash villain on permanent relief is the antithesis of Atticus, an absolute scumbag.  The hugely talented author [a one hit wonder] takes you into the very conscience, good and bad, of small town Alabama in 1935, with pitch perfect grammar and accents of the locals, black and white.  The theme, ""It's a sin to kill a mockingbird,"" is beautifully realized.  The ending hits you like a ton of bricks.  This is a novel mostly about character and relationships between family, neighbors . . . .  The actual trial of the accused black rapist is only a couple of 31 chapters.  It's very exciting and an exemplar of the modern  criminal trial novel."
"One of our favorites. If you haven't read this book, you should. It has such great life lessons weaved throughout an interesting story."
"To Kill a MockingbiirdI read this  book many, many years ago and wanted my niece  to read it.  She enjoyed this book as much as I did."
"I was hoping for the same copy as displayed in the image, but it turns out to be a hardcover copy with a dated cover. Anyhow, it is still the same book and it arrived in excellent condition!"
"Read this for the first time when I was 11 years old although its not really a children's book at all - it's a very poignant telling of 2 kids growing up in the deep south during the post depression years.  Told from the viewpoint of the main character, Scout Finch, who, with her brother, are raised by their widower father, Atticus Finch, who is a lawyer.  You get a view of all the various types of people who comprise just about any town in this country - poor white trash, blacks, average whites, etc.  And a view of how these widely different folks cohabitate and how they get along.  You see racism, you see double racism, you see a father teaching his children thru his own example that all folk are equal and must be treated fairly and equally, regardless.  And along the way, you are treated to the antics of young Scout & her brother Jem as they traverse the paths of childhood with their pal Dill, and how they deal with the myriad obstacles all youths go through and the lessons they learn along the way.  This novel is gripping and runs the gamut from laughter to thought-provoking occurences, to the ""bad side"" of life, to the things that scare us and how these kids confronted their fears.  I have probably read this novel 100 times over the years and it never disappoints.  Every reading has been as interesting as if I had never read it before.  It is, without a doubt, a true classic and contains such ""lessons in life"" that it really should be required reading in high school and college."
"I never got to read this book when I was in school, but I always wanted to. I'm so glad that I got the chance now. It's an amazing book, easily one of my favorites. I can see why it has become such a classic. Great coming of age story with really relatable and admirable characters. As far as Amazon, the delivery was very fast and efficient and the book arrived in perfect condition."
"I'm not going to review the content, that's madness; it's a gem of American literature.  If you're not sure why you should read the book, look to Wikipedia.  I'll review this publication instead.It's lovely.  The font is pretty, the jacket is pretty.  The cover is sturdy, and protected the contents in both my carry-on and my checked bag when I took the book on a flight.  The pages themselves are rough-edged, which I like.  The paper also takes nicely to pencil, which is important to those of us who tend to decorate our tomes with marginalia.This is a very nice edition, suitable for your library.  If you're reading this for school and don't care about these thing, I'll offer this suggestion:  Get this nice version anyway, it's likely you'll keep it, and it'll hold up better than the mass-market paperback."
The book was amazing for a low cost. thank you for the great book and also it was new. I be back to buy books.
"I first read To Kill a Mockingbird when I was about 12 and have reread it many times since then.  Finding a Kindle version available at long last just made my day.The story itself is a classic tale of an ordinary hero, the quietly honorable and wise Atticus Finch.  For those few who aren't familiar with the plot, the basics can be found in the Editorial Reviews section.  TKAM is a very readable, entertaining story that contributed to the moral compass my parents had already instilled in me.  As such, it has always served as something of a touchstone against which to measure my actions, values and fundamental beliefs by asking the question - with no disrespect intended - what would Atticus do?Lee's uncomplicated storytelling style paints a vivid picture of a small, Southern, Depression-era town.  Anyone who has ever visited or lived in the South can almost physically feel the humid heat conveyed by Lee's lyrical description:""Somehow it was hotter then: a black dog suffered on a summer's day; bony mules hitched to Hoover carts flicked flies in the sweltering shade of the live oaks on the square.  Men's stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning.  Ladies bathed before noon, after their three-o'clock naps, and by nightfall were like soft teacakes with frostings of sweat and sweet talcum.""And Lee's sardonic humor shows through again and again, as in this passage:""Being Southerners, it was a source of shame to some members of the family that we had no recorded ancestors on either side of the Battle of Hastings.  All we had was Simon Finch, a fur-trapping apothecary from Cornwall whose piety was exceeded only by his stinginess.  In England, Simon was irritated by the persecution of those who called themselves Methodists at the hands of their more liberal brethren, and as Simon called himself a Methodist, he worked his way across the Atlantic to Philadelphia, thence to Jamaica, thence to Mobile and up the Saint Stephens... [He] established a line that ran high to daughters.  Simon lived to an impressive age and died rich.""And in this one:""When my father was admitted to the bar, he returned to Maycomb and began his practice... His first two clients were the last two persons hanged in the Maycomb County jail.  Atticus had urged them to accept the state's generosity in allowing them to plead Guilty to second-degree murder and escape with their lives, but they were Haverfords, in Maycomb County a name synonymous with jack[censored].  The Haverfords had dispatched Maycomb's leading blacksmith in a misunderstanding arising from the alleged wrongful detention of a mare, were imprudent enough to do it in the presence of three witnesses, and insisted that the-son-of-a-[censored]-had-it-coming-to-him was a good enough defense for anybody... so there was nothing much Atticus could do for his clients except be present at their departure, an occasion that was probably the beginning of my father's profound distaste for the practice of criminal law.""The tale is told through the eyes of Atticus's daughter Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, a tomboy who trails after and often butts heads with brother Jem, her elder by four years.  Both children dote on Atticus because he is fair and just and answers their every question honestly in a way their children's minds can comprehend.  Atticus uses their questions as opportunities to teach Scout and Jem how to think through, weigh and apply past lessons already learned, so that their conclusions are their own and not just what they've been told to believe.Even before Tom Robinson's trial teaches them how such a simple concept as equal justice can be a matter of controversy and divisiveness for some, other events occur that help them grasp the bedrock character traits that have made Atticus so unique and almost universally respected, even by those who disagree with him.  For example, after watching the sheriff insist that Atticus be the one to shoot a rabid dog threatening the neighborhood, they learn for the first time that their father was known as Ol' One-Shot.  As another character explains: ""Why, down at the Landing when he was coming up, if he shot fifteen times and hit fourteen doves he'd complain about wasting ammunition... I think maybe he put his gun down when he realized that God had given him an unfair advantage over most living things.  I guess he decided he wouldn't shoot until he had to, and he had to today.""TKAM is a coming of age story that shows Jem and Scout's path from the pure innocence of childhood to the hard realities of the time and place they inhabit, one where a good man can be presumed guilty of a heinous crime he did not commit at the instigation of a bad man who is both self-serving and cowardly. While Atticus is the beacon Jem and Scout follow through these tumultuous events, there are other,  complementary influences that help to shape them, most notably their African-American housekeeper Calpurnia, who teaches them honesty, civility and respect for self and others; and their neighbor Miss Maudie, who provides comfort, sympathy and context for understanding what they're living through.  Through the children's  interactions with Atticus, Calpurnia, Maudie and their father's younger brother Jack in particular one can see the seeds of justice and fairness being planted in Scout's young psyche and already beginning to put off shoots by tale's end.Some other characters, who lack Atticus Finch's native wisdom and ability to walk in another person's shoes, do yet rise to the occasion when circumstances demand it: the unapologetically racist newspaper owner Mr. Underwood who sits at his upstairs window watching the scene outside the jail between Atticus and a small mob intent on delivering their own brand of ""justice"" to the incarcerated Tom Robinson, with his shotgun at the ready in case they try to do Atticus harm; Walter Cunningham, a member of that jailhouse mob who afterwards is more receptive to really hearing the evidence of Tom's innocence, because of Scout's guileless conversation with him when she and Jem unexpectedly and much to Atticus's horror burst onto the scene; the no-nonsense Judge Taylor, who assigns Tom's case to Atticus, knowing it's Tom's only hope for anything like a fair trial; even Augusta, Scout's terror of an aunt who relentlessly tries to mend Scout's tomboyish ways and disapproves of Atticus taking Tom's case but stays with and supports the family from the lead-up to the trial through to its aftermath.Woven throughout is the story of Scout and Jem's friendship with Dill Harris, an odd little kid whose character is loosely based on Lee's childhood friend Truman Capote.  For all intents and purposes, Dill was emotionally abandoned by his divorced parents and has just begun spending summers with his aunt in Maycomb as the story opens.  The three kids spend the halcyon summer days re-enacting their favorite stories and trying to catch glimpses of Boo Radley, a mysterious neighbor transformed by their overactive imaginations into a bloodthirsty, night-stalking monster.TKAM's denouement ties all these story threads up together into a soul-satisfying conclusion that reaffirms the underlying moral of the story, that it's a sin to kill a mockingbird because mockingbirds cause no harm and do nothing but bring joy to the world with their song."
"I'm sorry to say I never quite understood this book. It seemed slow to me and I couldn't relate to the characters. I recognize it's a beloved classic, but it wasn't my cup of tea."
"I chose this book because my Pastor mentioned it in his sermon one Sunday morning, the topic of which was always follow your principles and do the right thing.  He synopsized by explaining in a sentence what happened at the end of Atticus' defense of Tom....I would give it 10 stars, given the choice."
She just graduated 8th grade and read this for gifted program in high school. She loved it.  Guess I'll have to since I read Beowulf  my first year. LOL.  But it's a raving endorsement to have a young lady love it.
"Chances are, you probably aren't reading this book for leisure or for fun. You probably were assigned to read this at school and that's what happened to me. The book is very boring and hard to get through in the beginning, but it has good lessons."
"I am quite thankful that I was never required to read this book in Middle School or High School. I think it would have soiled the experience for me. I chose to pick it up the summer after my sophomore year of college, and I am so glad that I did. I don't think there's a single person that couldn't relate to this story. And it is told so well. Atticus Finch, as he has for many, has been a role model for me. It's strange for me to say that about a fictional character, I know, but he just is an amazing character who does great things. Anyway, you seriously cannot take anyone's word for how great this book is. If you haven't read it, you have to find out for yourself."
"THIS ICONIC, BRILLIANT STORY AND ITS MESSAGE IS AS VALID TODAY AS IT WAS IN ITS ORIGINAL TIME SETTING. I RECOMMEND READING THE BOOK, AND ITS CLIFF NOTES, AND THEN SEEING THE MOVIE.  IT IS A MUST FOR ANY EDUCATED, THOUGHTFUL PERSON. IT TRANSCENDS TIME."
"I ordered copies for my students. Amazon had the best price and fastest delivery. Nobody needs to read a review to decide whether to read this book, its just a matter of why haven't you read this book!"
It is of course a classic.  I had seen the movie a couple times but had never read the book.  I enjoyed it and am glad I read it.
This is my all-time favorite book. I've read it 3 times over the years!! Met all my expectations!! Received in great condition sooner than expected. It was very good deal!  Have already shared this book with a friend who had never read it!!
"Great price, arrived in pristine, brand new condition and love the free prime shipping. This was one of my favorite books growing up and when our daughter needed it for school, I bought her, her own copy so she wouldn't write notes all over mine."
"Did I misread the description? I was expecting a full size book and very surprised to get one this small.  The print is readable, though not comfortably so for an older reader ...the book IS in good condition so my complaint is it's size as I would not have ordered this copy had I known what I was to receive."
Classic... inexpensive book for any school's reading list!! I always shop on line first before I go anywhere else. You can get books for pennies and save!!
Haven't listened to it yet but don't need to since I have done so many times in the past from the library and have read it many times in print form. Just decided I needed a copy of my own in audio as well as print.
"An American classic, tour de force, easily read, and just plain interesting. The 50s movie, compliments it well but the book is a warm captivating insight into Southern small-town life in the 30s that goes beyond what the movie can portray. I like both. And the book is something I read every couple years. It's that good."
"I read TKAM a few years ago for my book club...can't believe I never read it earlier. What an awesome, tender and beautifully written classic. Our book club gave it a solid 5 stars! I will read this over and over, it's that good. Pulls at your heartstrings, you will be thinking about this story long after you finish the book. LOVE it!!"
"If I could choose just one book to take with me to heaven, it would be this one.  Very believable."
"As much as I like this story, I really, really LOVE the movie with Gregory Peck. However, first things first. Get your child to read thebook by reading it with them and then buy the movie as an added bonus. The movie and book truly go hand in hand. It's a greatstory for hard lessons like racial intolerance and plain ole ignorance. Once you catch on to all the symbolism, you'll like it that muchmore."
"Excellent book. I have read it before and wanted a nice hardcover version for my personal library. It was definitely worth the buy, and I am enjoying re-reading it immensely."
"We received this product and the discs were scratched.  The discs would not download.  The only disc that did work correctly, Disc 3, turned out to be music of some kind.  TOTALLY disappointed."
The book came quickly but was not the cover represented in the picture and that's what I was looking for. So can't give it as a gift now...
"Most books, novels especially, are first editions in the sense that the text has not been revised. A true first edition is a first printing ONLY. A 13th printing is NEVER a first edition. So, false labeling here, which is endemic to the first edition aftermarket book business. The dealers are trying to get unschooled buyers to make an ill-conceived purchase before they are fully informed  Do not fall prey to this time worn and apparently still effective trick. I just called out the other Amazon seller who claimed to have a Mockingbird  first/first for sale, only to see it was an even later printing than this one!88melter"
"I am sure his copy of the book is nice, I am sure the book is justly famous, and I am just as sure that this book is NOT what it is advertised as HERE. Do NOT buy this book if you are looking for a genuine first edition, first printing. The term Impression is the same as printing, and someone, who cannot remain nameless, since their seller ID is all over this bit of skulduggery, is trying to FOOL you. An FE/FP should cost at least 4000 to 5000 USD.88melter"
I remember reading this book back in high school and just picked up the anniversary edition. Read it again and enjoyed it just as much as I did 40 years ago.
my kids needed this for school and i ordered it last minute...it came quick and in good shape...great price too
Great book. I thoroughly enjoyed it and plan to read it again. Amazing classic that I believe everyone should read.
Awesome classic book. Everyone needs to read this!! Stirs all kinds of emotions. I will read this to my children when they get older.
"If you’re wondering what this title means, you’ll get the first hint at the beginning of Chapter 10, after you’ve gotten a little bit of an idea of what Harper Lee’s characters represent in this excellent story.I can’t even guess how many people have reviewed and praised this book, but I will tell you that this is another one of the best books ever written.  If you have never read To Kill a Mockingbird, go ahead and crack it open.  Set in 1935, in the fictional town of Macomb, Alabama, Harper Lee writes of people and family, of prejudice against blacks, of judgment and justice, of lost innocence, and of heroes.Harper Lee uses the voice of young Scout Finch to tell this story and Scout’s observations, which are sometimes naïve and always smart, give us an insider’s view into the complicated relationships that exist between blacks and whites, between the poor and the poorer, and between the educated, the illiterate and the ignorant.Like many other readers, I love Atticus Finch’s character.  He’s wise and humble and kind and hides nothing from Scout and her older brother Jem.  He treats them as adults and they have a maturity beyond their years because of it.Besides Atticus, Scout and Jem, there are many characters to like for their wisdom and kindness – Calpurnia, Boo Radley, Miss Maudie Atkinson, for example.  There are many to dislike because they are prejudiced or ignorant – Mr. Avery, Mrs. Merriweather, Miss Stephanie Crawford, Aunt Alexandra.  And there is one to hate, Bob Ewell, whose accuses a young black man, Tom Robinson, of raping his daughter and whose own hatred towards blacks and most of the town of Macomb takes this story into the courtroom.Here’s my advice if you’re in high school and you’re reading this for the first time.  Take the time to know what’s going on.  Use a guide to keep track of the characters.  Go back and re-read what you didn’t get the first time.  Why?  Because once you get the frame of the story in your head, you will start to understand the meaning of Harper Lee’s words and you will discover how invested you’ve become in these characters.  Once you reach that point, you will find yourself reacting to them as if they were real people, and you will discover that their events and actions in this book cross over from fiction to reality.  That’s great writing!"
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD has been my favorite book for almost fifty years.  I had to own this 50th Anniversary Edition!1
This is a classic book for a great price. Arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I ordered for a class I am teaching and this was the best price I could find online.
"This was my summer reading book and the chapters are so short, i gave it three because of the book story"
"The relevancy of this book is as important today as it was when published in 1960 as the acquittal of “neighbourhood watch volunteer” Zimmerman in Florida and various other judicial aberrations over the last 50 years have adequately demonstrated.Harper Lee presents an insight into the humanity, compassion and courage of small town Alabama during the depression era all of which is over shadowed by the mind numbing stupidity of racism and its ultimate lethal consequences.This book is widely read in schools in the US and rightly so, albeit some states have tried to have it removed from the curriculum, from which one can draw their own conclusions."
"Set in the South in the 30's, this historical fiction story is for old and young.  The characters are fascinating, and there is delightful humor throughout.  It has many intertwining subplots with layers of meaning and lessons for life.  It is truly a timeless masterpiece!"
A great adaption and great acting to this classic story.  There are so many parts of the film that had meaning 50 years ago and still has great provoking substance today.
"i need it for my class. it is small, very easy to carry with. and it is light. love it."
"This is a classic novel that is justified in having won a Pulizter Prize.  Our book club chose it as a selection and had a great discussion.  Even though I have read it several times, I bought it take with me to read on a recent trip and enjoyed it all over again."
This is the class novel. It is a book that you can re read and can keep it in your bookcase.
"The voice of the perky, inquisitive, acutely observant Scout Finch from age 6 to 9 captures the reader so strongly as to hold together a whole string of disparate episodes — originally conceived by the author as separate short stories. Mainly, we get to know various characters of a poor little Alabama town during the Depression, their peculiar rituals and class and racial prejudices, and their sometimes redeeming acts of generosity. In this, it is more like Mark Twain's Adventures of Tom Sawyer, another child's-eye view of a southern small town told as a series of anecdotes, than like Twain's later and more tightly structured Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.Scout's most piquant observations of hypocrisy, neurosis, arrogance, or cowardice are of the white folks she knows best. But she also reports with fascination the courage and kindness of a few individuals, including especially her father Atticus Finch, a neighbor woman, Maudie, and the Finches' black maid Calpurnia. A particularly beautiful moment is Scout's visit with Calpurnia to her First Purchase AME Church, a revelation to this protected white girl of black devotion and dignity and a whole community close by but separate from the little white hamlet.The book is best remembered for one episode that is expanded to extend over several chapters and which is a pleasing, though historically misleading fable: the trial of a black laborer accused of rape of a poor white woman, and his defense by Scout's father Atticus. Sadly, nothing like the judicial fairness of the Maycomb judge, the opportunity of the defendant to legal defense and serious cross-examination of the plaintiff ever happened or could happen in Alabama in the 1930s in a black-on-white rape case. What Harper Lee evidently had in mind when she wrote it was the famous Scottsboro Boys trial in 1933, where no such judicial niceties occurred. But there were defense attorneys — mostly northerners — who, a bit like Atticus Finch in the novel, made the effort, often at the risk of their own lives.But it is the voice that saves this and all the stories in the book. You have to love this tomboy when she tells you in a hurt voice that, when she tried to hold her big brother back from some dangerous adventure, ""Jem told me I was being a girl…"" Or when she observes, back in her white church, ""the Impurity of Women doctrine that seemed to preoccupy all clergymen."""
"I would give this book no stars if possible. It's the most boring book I've read in my entire life and it's the reason I'm failing my English class. I fell asleep reading it and I can't focus at all on the words. By the time I'm done reading, I have no idea what I just read because it was that boring."
Classic! One of my all time favorites! This is one that I can pick up again & still be entertained.
My daughter had to read this for high school and constantly complained how boring and horrible it was.  I decided to give it a try.  Wow!!  She was actually right!  I just don't get why this book is so highly lauded and why it has been required reading for almost forever.  It just drones on and on and on until you really don't care about any of them.  I am really shocked.  We also watched the movie.  I couldn't keep my eyes open.  Yipes.
"The best of the best, i will be getting another one.  I think everyone should get one of these, Very good"
"This book is a seminal classic, and earth shaking. The book was, in it's time, a prophetic voice speaking against racism in the southern USA. It won the Pulitzer Prize for literature. And it is still a magnificent and excellent book to read and still morally pertinent.The story is told from a child's eye view and it is about growing up in a small town. A black man is accused of raping a white women and he is obviously wrongfully convicted. The court case puts the intuitional racism of that society on trial. The Mockingbird is an allegory of the people who die in the story. The Mockingbird mimics or sings the songs of other birds. In the story a few people sing the song of that society (As such they represent it) and die. And there is an attempted murder on the narrator who sings the most.The characters are enduring and it not only brings you back to the innocence of childhood, but challenges you with the injustice of hatred. This book is set in a time and place, but the issues of racism, hypocrisy, and injustice are universal. Pick up and read."
"I liked this book because it does not tell us ""this is good and this is bad"". Rather, it lets us draw our own conclusion by showing us the facts. It talks about  relations not only within the family but within the community and the social system of the South at the time it was written.  It also shows how ""justice"" can be interpreted and applied -- or perhaps, how they could be interpreted and applied in that day and age."
"I loved the book and I love the movie,  I wanted to know a little more about the characters is the reason I bought the book"
Bought as a portion of a gift basket for a fundraiser/ gift raffle.  Hopefully everyone in my community does not yet have it or wants this copy with the terrific cover!
"I read this novel for the first time in the 8th grade. I have read it several more times in the 30 years since then. Somehow each time I read it, I convince myself that the outcome of the trial will be different! Atticus provides such compelling evidence of Tom's innocence. There are several scenes that are especially touching, but at the heart of the novel is the struggle of the main characters to be honorable in the face of hatred. The novel holds timeless appeal."
This is a wonderful classic book. I chose this to replace an old copy that was falling apart. I was doing a report for college and used this for reference material.
"I had to read this as a school project and I hated every second of this book. Sure there were times that it was interesting and good and I understand the time period but, it always had the 'N word' in every sentence. I didn't like it."
"I saw the movie a long time ago and my high school son was recently assigned to read it so I bought one for me as well.  What an amazing book.  It keeps you enthralled so that you don't want to put it down.  Love the characters, especially ""Scout""."
The only truthful thing was that it was the same book. It was said to be gently used and the newest version. I got the older version with writing on the side and ripped pages. I was also supposed to be shipped 3 weeks before it actually was.
Can I even write a review that does this book justice?  I bought this book so I could read it again as an adult and remembered why I loved it as a kid.  Stunning.
"Order came in a timely fashion.  Ordered a used book, the book looks like it has never been read, in perfect condition."
"I'm disappointed with myself that I had never read this book prior to January of '13. This book was amazing, Scout is probably one of my favorite narrators of all time. Atticus Finch is one of the greatest literary characters I've had the pleasure of reading about. I would absolutely recommend this book to anyone who hasn't read it, regardless of the type of books you're usually interested in. One of my favorites."
"Looking through all these 5-star reviews makes me almost afraid to write a not so great review.  I will though because I can't say that it was the best book I ever read. It must have received a Pulitzer Prize because it was written during the civil rights era and discussed a timely topic that needed discussing. I found it hard to stay interested many times throughout the book and sped-read through quite a bit of the chit chat about the kids.  I felt like it took a l-o-n-g time to develop the characters (almost half-way through the book)and had episodes about characters that didn't really matter nor make any difference to the story.  The rest of the book was about the kids and their escapades and their near-perfect, but boring father.  The trial and ending were interesting but all the stuff leading up to it and after it almost became boring. Lastly, I wish that it had been available on the Kindle because I am now finding it hard to turn the pages of a book...(LOL).  Read it if you feel you missed out in high school and must back-track and read all the classics you didn't get a chance to read.  Otherwise...."
required reading for school
I so enjoyed the writing style but more important than that the message behind the story was excellent.  I can't believe it took me so long to read this book.
"Great book, quick shipping thanks"
One of the best books ever written.
You owe it to yourself to read this timeless classic. The story holds up as well as it did when it was first published.
"As one of many people who pre-ordered this book for Kindle, despite having read it decades ago and owning a paper version, it seems pretty in-your-face to deliver the pre-orders and immediately drop the price by a significant amount.No disputing the quality of the writing.  No comment on formatting yet but I sure noticed the price drop."
One of my favorite pieces of literature that I have ever experienced. I come back to it again and again.
I have seen the movie over and over again.  Wonderful movie but the book has all the little details that help you understand what living in the south is really like.  I put this on my must read list.
It's a classic. I've read many times and my old copy got water damaged so I bought a replacement. Absolutely love it.
"A classic novel that I chose to re-read as an adult.  I truly loved it.  Harper Lee was a talented story writer.  It is a poignant tale of parenthood, childhood and right and wrong.  If you have never read this story, read it.  If you read this story as a young child, read it again."
"This was an outstanding book and special as a young girl told the story.  The book dealt with the racial problems in the south around 1935.  Also there was the sweet relationship between father and daughter and other family members .It brought to light the many classes of people from the professional, to the proud whites, the poor whites and the blacks.  It is a classic and often required reading in American high schools."
I read this book as a teenager and I was pleased to know my son needed to read it as well.  Great book.
"I bought this for us all to listen and allow my daughter to read along in the book. It was enjoyable listening to Sissy commentate. With all listening/reading along together, it allowed for good discussion."
thank u great item and I love the item very much  I will look again sometime  thank you very much  kerstin
This book I bought for another grandson who needed it for a school project and I told him I would get it for him.I had it delivered to his home in North Carolina.  It arrived safe and sound Thank you
"I don't know that I can say much to add to any conversation about To Kill a Mockingbird, surely one of the finest novels of the 20th century.  Harper Lee's courtroom drama has been an inspiration to some of my favorite writers of legal fiction, like Mark Gimenez and John Grisham.  But the bulk of the novel is life in small town America, race relations in the South, and learning about class and wealth and poverty, all through the eyes of a little girl.This is perhaps a story that could only be told from the perspective of a child.  As Scout and her brother Jem grow up, watching their father stand as a voice of reason and justice in a world of unreasonable injustice, we are reminded of what we lose as the innocence of youth slowly wears away.  Atticus is what we should aim to be: fair, patience, selfless, and humble.I was delighted that Elliot will be reading this for freshman English later this year.  I have enjoyed getting to know the story again.  Even as the racist attitudes of the South in the early 20th century seem more and more dated, we don't have to read the news or even listen to our neighbors very long to realize that Harper Lee's story is as important and powerful as ever."
"I've never read all the ""classics."" I do like to read, but usually non-classic stuff. This is one of the few classics that I've read recently for the first time that I liked."
"My favorite Classic! I could read this over and over and never tire. If you love a great novel, then this is the book to read."
Awesome! My son loved it. It was required reading for a school project. He said he did not even feel like it was.
"I totally recommend this seller. Easy Breezy buying and you can't beat the price. The holidays are approaching,don't forget to check them out today!"
"If you've never read this, read it! I've read it three times now and have seen the movie.  It never fails to move you."
Book was in excellent condition!  It had no writing in it and looked brand new. Thank you very much! :)
"Quick delivery. Product as expected. Some wear and tear, but nothing that I did not expect. Great product for a student that could use the notes."
"Needed this book for one of my classes, and needed it in a hurry. Got it when expected and for a great price."
"This book was purchased at the urging of my 15 year old daughter to listen to while I drove her to school. I have thoroughly enjoyed the story, and Sissy Spacek has a fantastic voice for presenting this narrative from Scout's perspective."
This is an amazing novel! I'm glad it was required in class or else I would of never picked up the book.  I will recommend to anyone.
"I was familiar with the movie, and I had always heard that the writing was wonderful, but I had just never gotten around to reading it for myself until now.  I found that it lived up to all the praise.  The characters are fully drawn, and the descriptions of the town are honest and detailed.  The narrator is somehow a child and an adult all at the same time.  The ending is haunting."
My daughter and I loved this book.  Harper Lee is an amazing author and it's a book everyone should read!
Great book my daughter found it to be very interesting and helpful for school project.Now looking into buying more books by Harper Lee.
MY FAVORITE BOOK AND MOVIE OF ALL TIME! MY TEENAGE SON HAS TO READ THIS BOOK IN CLASS THIS YEAR. I WAS THRILLED WHEN I FOUND THIS OUT! THE BOOK CAME PACKAGED WELL AND IN GREAT SHAPE. SHIPPED QUICKLY. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHASE!
AFTER READING MANY YEARS AGO AND WATCHING THE MOVIE NUMEROUS TIMES THESTORY STILL REMAINS FRESH.  EACH TIME IT IS VISITED IS A NEW ADVENTURE.
Great read and a page turner. It is a book that is almost timeless and is heart felt. A timeless classic
"The book?  Super affordable, arrived in mint condition.  Love the book, finished it in an evening. No complaints on the actual product.  Complaints are more directed towards the shipping and I really just need to rant. 2 day shipping turned into 8 day because of the ungodly cold spell that hit the midwest.  When the book was to finally arrive, I was not home.  Fedex refused to deliver this book without a signature on the first go.  Was it delivered the next day?  No. ""Weather, the tracking told me""  I will have you know it was 45 degrees and raining that day.  Ridiculous.  Hence why I binge read the book when it arrived WITHOUT me having to sign for it!"
"Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird is now officially my favourite book and I am so glad that I decided to read it. This is definitely one of those classic book that i will read years from now and fall in love with the story again. Choosing only five excerpts from this book was extremely difficult to do, there are so many great moments in this book to discuss. Many great quotes that I have used are spoken by Atticus, Atticus is such a virtuous man that spreads his wisdom and morals to his children and the community. The false conviction and untimely death of Tom Robinson definitely was the climax in the novel and it actually made me really depressed that an innocent man can go to jail because of his colour, even though there was no incriminating evidence. But, Lee wanted to get the reader emotional over Tom to provoke the idea that these kind of convictions happened and unfortunately still happen. Harper Lee is a great author and upon finishing the book I searched to see if she had written other books, but I suppose there can only be one To Kill a Mockingbird; Mrs. Lee most definitely deserved the pulitzer prize for this coming-of-age novel."
"Ordered two copies of this book - one for my personal collection, one as a gift - and both arrived a day earlier than promised (they were delivered on a Sunday). The books were in perfect condition and were as described by the seller.I first read this book in the sixth grade and have reread it several times since. Each time, as life experiences and personal perspectives evolve, I am left with a deeper understanding and appreciation for this important piece of literature. ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is an enduring classic ... a novel that should be read - and reread - by all."
I thought it was going to be a boring book but as i started to read it i actually started to love it. Its written from a little girls point of view named Scout. Her father Atticus Finch is working on a case involving a black man raping a white woman.
"This is my new favorite book. Not only is the writing amazing, it teaches the reader how to see things from many different perspectives and we all need to learn that."
Perfect condition! I'm so excited to reread this classic. The product came brand new and quick! definitely worth the time and money.
I bought this book for my daughter who had to read it for a school assignment.  It is an excellent book that should be read by everyone.
I read this book because it was listed as a top ten book of all times and I would give it a solid number nine.
"I couldn't put this book down. I read it in a weekend. I had to read it for a school assignment and it was wonderful! I highly suggest reading it, if you haven't. The characters were incredible and I fell in love with little Scout. I would read this book over and over again."
"Although I have seen the movie several times and love it, the book brings a better understanding and detail than the movie had given me."
I read this book many years ago and now my Granddaughter is reading it in a school assignment..so a reread was in store
"Quick and easy trade. Didnt take long to reach New Zealand. This is a beautifully bound edition, just gorgeous, in its own box."
"Sure, I read this in high school years ago when it was required. And back then I remembered liking it and thinking it was primarily about racism. However, when I read it recently, I realized some things: 1) the writing is amazing 2) racism is only a tiny part of what's going on in this book--it's about a family and a girl growing up more than anything 3) the characters are great 4) I have a new favorite book and darn it, I wish she would have written more.If you haven't read it, treat yourself to something amazing. If you have read it, re-experience it and be amazed.Publisher: stop fighting the storm and put books like this on e-book already. Come on, haven't you already made enough money on this one?"
This book is very boring and the only reason I bought it was because I needed it for school-related things. Horrible book.
bought this book because i love the movie! and its awesome!!  definately completely different then movie of course but definately worth the buy!
"I never read this classic, so had it on my bucket list.  The movie was great and it will be a good beach read"
Like new it was so very gently used. The shipping seemed to take a whole bit it arrived in time for classroom use.Thanks for offering it at a good price.
"I had seen only bits and pieces of the movies, but had never read the book.  I couldn't put it down!!"
This is one of my top 10 books in my list (closer to 1 than to 10). It left me with a deep feeling of transcendence
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless classic that everyone should read once in their lives. As we grow older, the ideas and issues discussed in To Kill a Mockingbird are still occuring today. We are constantly faced with injustice- and as human beings, we must face the injustice and overcome it. The novel shows students that ignoring injustice and having prejudice toward others is not ideal. Rather, fighting for justice and knowing the good in others is important.The beautiful, innocent nature of the novel brings out a positivity we know is hidden within ourselves."
"A classic in anniversary dress.  I have and always will love ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  It's a National Treasure with messages for today."
I may not be very appreciative of this book (i guess) but i didn't care for it at all! I was constantly waiting for more…
"I love this book, would recommend it to everybody. I'm going to read it again to get the most of it. Sorry the author didn't publish anymore books."
I am glad that I finally got my own copy of to kill a mockingbird.  What a  great experience indeed!
"Once you read through the first few pages of exposition, buckle your belt.I had read this book in high school and remember enjoying it very much. I bought it for my 16 year old cousin to read and so I decided to buy a copy for myself to see what I had gotten her into. (Maybe it wasn't as good as I remembered?)I was wrong. This book is as great as I remembered. No, it was BETTER than I remembered. As an adult you have a whole new perspective and it  makes the book that much better. The lessons it teaches are still relevant today and the characters you meet feel like real people.I can't say enough good things about this book... Just buy it.. Read it... Share it... It's an amazing piece of literature."
"This truly is one of the best books I have ever read.  I tend to like books penned by women about strong girls, e.g. Glass Castle, Anne of Green Gables, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, Girls of Tender Age.  The fact that it is semi-autobiographical makes it even better to me.  If you saw the movie first, it probably won't ruin the book, it just added faces to the characters for me."
"Sadly my over 40 eyesight did not see that this book was essays. I thought I was ordering the novel. My old paperback was falling apart, and needed a new version. Oh well, I will say it's interesting, but definitely not as good as the story."
"I've read this book before and watched the movie a few times.  However, this was bought for a gift to y 12 year old grandson, eighth grader, and knowing him and what he likes, he's going to enjoy this book.  I especially liked the artwork on the front cover."
This Anniversary edition was just beautiful This is my daughter's favorite book and to have it as a hardback Anniversary edition was special. She loved the cover jacket graphic too!
"I loved seeing the original cover. Like many Americans, I read this in my freshman year in high school. When the 50th Anniversary edition came out I snapped it up.This book helped me to see the utter wrongness and harm done by racism and bigotry. And not just to the victims but to those who live their lives uttering such tripe. You can see the smallness of the mind and the traps set.And of course, I think this was one of the greatest movies ever mad, one that should be required viewing for ever American."
A fabulous book. I have read this book so many times that I can't count them. This is one of my all time favorites and I will read it again.
Been a while since I read it.  A lot to be learned and remembered from this masterpiece.  Justice for all.
"I had never read this book before, but have been wanting to see the movie. So I decided to read the book first. Loved it! Now I can't wait to see the movie!"
What more can be said. This is the perfect--absolutely perfect--first person narrator. I think it is the one American novel that catches the heart and soul of what our country became as a result of slavery. I just love everything about this novel.
"It is a great book.  However, it is difficult to keep the book open.  Takes too much pressure to keep the book open so I can read the words near the spine."
"I learned a few things from the author that I would not have learned anywhere else. Again, I would read anything by the author."
"This is sold out in all of my local bookstores so was so excited that I was able to get this (in 1 day with Amazon Prime). Brand new, & perfect."
"This is a must-read for anyone. though it is a story of a 6-9 year-old girl and her family, the themes and advanced vocabulary are for teenagers and up. I read this book every year (I teach it in class) and I have yet to tire of the compelling characters and story. The movie is also fantastic, though it cuts out much of the book."
"I enjoyed the book very much.  I have read it before, but it was good enough to read again.  Thanks."
Terrific story for all ages that provides a great focus on strength and character.  You hate to reach the end of the story.
"Just a very intruging novel, very worth reading and purchasing the book. You will not regret it, as I did not."
"it was used,  a bit worn but in good condition (: Very happy with this purchase. Not to mention an amazing book!"
I have really gotten in to listening to audio books while traveling.  I had not read To Kill A Mocking Bird while in school but it was great.  Sissy Spacek did a great job narrating.  Highly recommend this audio book.
"I can say anything negative.  The book arrived clean, and new. I half way reading the book and is clear and understandable.  Thank you."
Had to get this for summer homework. It was okay just didn't think it had a great plot to it.
"With so much good American literature around, I really can't understand how someone can call this a classic. The book is pure cliché and melodrama, from beginning to end. Characters are more like shallow caricatures: there are the good guys, the bad guys, and nothing in-between. Nine-year-olds' conversations and thoughts are annoyingly unrealistic and the plot is absolutely predictable. Remembers me a piece of propaganda; maybe with a good purpose, but propaganda anyway. Looking for Southern fiction? Stick to Faulkner!"
"I bought this ""hardbound"" book as a 13th birthday gift for my grandson.  Noting the hype for ""50th Anniversary Edition"" I assumed this book would be published with quality binding and paper to make it worthy of being a commemorative item.  On the contrary.  The book has a cheap, plain cardboard cover with a paper jacket that was even scuffed on the edges.  The paper inside was common ""pulp"" paper that one finds in the lowest quality books.So to replace this book as my gift I bought the same novel at Barnes & Noble for just a few dollars more.  That book has a beautiful leather cover with engraved artwork and gold leaf pages with a ribbon bookmark.  Barnes & Noble sells it as a ""library"" edition.  It is hard to overstate the vast difference in quality between this book and Amazon.com's so-called 50th Anniversary Edition.  I don't blame Amazon.com, which just provides the venue for sales, but I hope my review puts everyone on notice that this book is barely better than a paperback."
"So I just finished reading this book which is considered as a big classic. I felt it was lacking in terms of story base and by the time the end finally grabs you, you are too bored to care. Also nothing materializes about Dill, his character introduction was great. At times, you also felt Scout's narration is intentionally skewed in the abyss of a lost child. Yes, Atticus was interesting, the whole court room workout was great, it was the beginning of a new era back then and that I can respect, but the overall province of the book is good, albeit slightly boring. I thought maybe I am too old for a book like this but maybe if I was younger too, I wouldn't have found it very interesting. The writing is just about alright and the start is kind of draggy.To people who can get their hands on the audiobook, I feel it may just be more rewarding as an audio book.I wish there weren't so many neighbors, it was quite annoying to lose touch."
I read this in high school & wanted to do so again. Very satisfied/book is in excellent condition.Amazon always does a great job.
"This is my favorite book of all time. It is such an endearing story during the depression when races were still segregated and oftentime, treated less than human. There is just the right amount of mystery, adventure and fear along with a strong love within a family who has suffered serious loss. The loss makes their bond even tighter.If you want to go back a few decades and experience a small taste of the life of one family living in a small town, this book is for you."
Well written nostalgic yet realistic memoir of 1930's small town South with racial and sexual themes. The angst of growing up is universal in space and time. The movie with Gregory Peck is excellent interpretation of the book.
"One of the best classics of all time, great read. Harper Lee is an amazing writer, a very well written story."
"Possibly one who needs this book analyzed for school might find this book helpful. To me it was repetitive, as well as, closed minded. It is merely one personal view of the writer's ideas. To me, such can only be expressed by the original writer."
"It was sure more entertaining than all the other ""Period"" books I had to read in 7th and 8th grade."
"It was an overall great experience.  I was very impressed at how easy it was to locate the book, order and receive it so quickly and at the low price I paid."
"Have loved the movie all my many years, but never have read this acclaimed book.  Great reading for any age."
Every home should have a copy of this movie and the book.  It is a classic in every sense of the word.
"Obviously this is a somewhat modern classic.  A social commentary of what life was like in the south during the 1930s through the eyes of a young girl.  With interesting characters, well written while still being easy to read, It is a book that I think most everybody should at least read once."
this book is by far one of the best i have read. i will admit i think that the story slows down somewhere around the end but all in all it was a terrific read and i loved it.
"This book is very interesting and pulling! Once you stop, you want to read more and more! Once again, thanks!"
This is a classic. Wanted to get a copy before this is pulled from educational reading. This novel tells the truth about how people look at others without knowing the facts. It is just an awesome book that every American should read!
"I received the book in a timely manner, but the quality of the book was poor.It was a worn paperback with stains and marks throughout.I was very disappointed in the quality. I was hoping for a used book inVery GOOD condition that I could add to my personal library, but I amgiving this copy to goodwill."
I have used this cd for my students who were reading Mockingbird. I found it very helpful (for those who would actually listen) and Sissy Spacek's reading was great. It set the tone for the Southern based novel.
"The book came in pristine condition, the packaging made it so the book looked as though I had just bought it at a store.  It also came only a day or so after purchased, which was extremely surprising!"
"Harper Lee's  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a down to earth tale dealing with issues we continue to face today. The story begins with a young Scout Finch who is our narrator. She describes the amazing unity, and the hidden separation of her town. The real meat of the book is pertaining to a court case that opens up the reader's eyes to the story's true meaning.Personally, I found this novel to be a revelation. We all already knew the concept of racism existed, but many of us do not realize that it still exists. As I continued to turn pages, I realized I couldn't put it down. The story line is so intriguing! There are a few surprises along the way, and the story always keeps moving. When I finished this sensational story, I knew I had in a way become a new and better person. If you didn't read it in high school, you should now."
Summer reading for GT English. One of my Favorite books. Arrived within a couple days before estimated delivery. I always look on Amazon first when buying books- love the 4 for 3 promotion.
"This time the critics and I agree: To Kill A Mockingbird is a great audiobook.  I'm sure you've all read this one by now, right?  If you haven't, you need to drop what you're doing and go read it right now.  Like many others, I first read To Kill a Mockingbird in high school.  I vaguely remember enjoying the story back then but I was at an age where I didn't really appreciate books the way I do now.  I am now proud to have a copy in my own personal library and was pleased to find this audio edition at my local library.  This is the kind of book you can enjoy again and again.Every time I pick up To Kill a Mockingbird again, it's like coming home to family.  I sympathize with Atticus Finch, a single father, who struggles to bring up his children in a world full of hatred and prejudice.  I look on as a proud father as Jem strives to become the kind of man his father is.  I can only shake my head and laugh at the antics of Scout.  And my heart leaps for joy every time Boo Radley comes to the rescue.  Harper Lee's amazing characters are as alive today as they were 50 years ago.Written in 1960, To Kill A Mockingbird discusses many topics that are as valuable to us today as they were fifty years ago, and I'm not just talking about racism here, I'm talking about basic human dignity: having respect for yourself and for others.  What I like most about Harper Lee's classic is the intimate snapshot it gives us of life in the post-depression era south.  Not the kind of stuff you'd find in a history book, but the actual daily lives of the people.  Harper Lee captured it beautifully.To Kill A Mockingbird won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction in 1961, and is still part of the curriculum in many schools, as it was in my own.I can't imagine a better voice for Scout Finch than Sissy Spacek.  Spacek's mild southern accent fits the audiobook very well, naturally, since the story takes place in the south.  Also, Scout Finch can be rather sassy at times, and Sissy Spacek portrayed the part very well.  If you want to hear more audiobooks narrated by Sissy Spacek, check out Stephen King's Carrie.If you went to school anytime in the last fifty years, you've probably already read To Kill A Mockingbird.  Just in case you haven't, you really need to.  Pick up a copy today, or borrow one from a friend."
This is one of the best books I've ever read. It's aa good book for summer reading. So much better than the movie.
Could not put this book down Harper Lees one and only book and nobody compares to her way of writing. If you never read to kill a mockingbird  please treat yourself  certainly not a disappointment
"Wow... this book... just wow! I can't even count the number of times it moved me to tears. I never had to read it in school so I just now got around to it and now I'm wondering why I bothered to wait so long. It is definitely going on my all-time favorites list. The subject matter is sad, and I found some of the language hard to swallow but unfortunately that's how people thought/talked/acted back then. I loved Scout and found her funny in an adorably innocent way. My heart literally broke in two during the trial. I recommend this book to EVERYONE! If my son doesn't end up having to read it in school, when he's old enough to appreciate it, I'm going to insist he reads it anyway!"
Great read. Nicely bound. A true keeper. I won't loan this copy out like I did the last one I never got back.
"I first picked up this book when I was in 6th grade on the recommendation of my teacher (he said ""YOU will enjoy it and get a lot out of it"") and have read it every year since then. Four years of advanced English in high school and it was the one book I read out of the 4 books per year assigned. Then in college it was yet assigned again and I enjoyed the book yet again.There is so much to learn from this book. I get something new everytime I pick it up and thoroughly enjoy the story everytime. Every character in this book are wonderfully written. I even took the time to watch a documentary about the book and the movie. Found it interesting that the character Dill is based off of Truman Capote who was childhood friends with Harper Lee.Atticus is full of knowledge that he passes on to his children such as: don't judge a person unless you step into their shoes and walk around in them and it is a sin to kill a mockingbird because they don't harm anyone but sing beautiful songs. I always see Tom Robinson as that mockingbird because he hasn't done anything wrong.My favorite part is in front of the jailhouse when the lynching mob comes for Robinson and Atticus is sitting there waiting for them. It is the innocence of childhood that stops the mob from proceeding with Scout saying Ain't you Walter's pa...could you say hey to him. That little bit of her acknowledging his boy in such a positive light is enough for him to turn to the others and say they should leave and go home.I have to purchase another copy as my copy is so worn that 3/4 of the pages have fallen out making it difficult to read anymore and I want to enjoy it again."
"I am  happy To kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is being offered by Amazon,it has always been my number 1 book I have ever read. Without giving too much away, this story settles around a family of three, father,son and daughter in the south in the 1930's. The book clearly shows how life must have been during the depression where deep prejudice existed. Atticus Finch is a widowed lawyer raising his children the best he can,but children being children whatever the era, makes life both very happy and at times very sad.  The children play with wonderfully full imaginations, because of so few material extras, go to school,are mischievous and curious and are thoroughly lovable characters in the book. The days during the summer are lazy hot and seem long.The main story line occurs one particular hot summer when a young black man Tom Robinson is charged with raping a white woman.Atticus Finch is asked to defend him,which with the conditions the way they were and the times and the prejudices, is an almost impossible task. Mr. Finch agrees to defend Tom with an all white male jury. While Atticus brilliantly defends him, and with his curious children sneaking into court to watch, Tom is found guilty,even though Atticus showed beyond a doubt his innocence. To go beyond this point would be to tell too much, and I am not going to say any more. Harper Lee wrote a book that is without  equal,she bases the little girl Scout on herself. This is a book  so well written and so well received Miss Lee became, like Margaret Mitchel,who wrote 'Gone With the Wind"", to  write only one book, because they were so well done that the two women  believed they could never write another book as powerful and moving as these. For me to tell any more of the story would be almost criminal. this book has to be read,you will be hooked on page one until the way too early ending,because as a reader, you just want it to go on and on."
"Yes, there is such a thing as summer homework when it comes to Honors Courses.  To give her eyes a break i purchased this copy.  Nice size, but not too big.  What else can i say about a classic?"
One really saw the small southern town thru Scout's eyes.  Brilliantly written and a life's lesson on every page throughout the book.
Harper Lee tackles a subject that is all too common and all too often overlooked in many communities. Our awareness is raise by this book.
This is a beautiful edition of Harper Lee's masterpiece.  I purchased it for friends who attended the Monroeville (home town of Harper Lee) production of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD with me.  I was very pleased with the quality of this edition and my friends were thrilled to receive a copy of this timeless novel.
It was for my son to read for school. We've never read it before so it was a hard read for both my son and I. But all in all it was in decent condition and all the pages were there. It came in great time. Thank you!
"I hadn't read it for a long long time and it was even more well written than I remembered.  The CD was read by Sissy Spacek.  What a good voice, terrific.  I recommend it."
One of the greatest books of the 20th Century.  I have reread this book a dozen times and always learn something new.
I gave this book as a gift to my son in law. He is looking forward to rereading this book that he read in high school!!
"I've just began reading this pulitzer prize winning novel, so I cannot say much, but so far it definitely lives up to the hype! I'm excited to find out what happens in the rest of this book, it's rare that you find a piece of literature, considered a classic, that I actually enjoy reading!"
"Harper Lee has captured the depression-era South in all its blessedness and brokenness. Written from the perspective of the book's main female character, To Kill a Mockingbird is a brilliant portrait of family, race, hypocrisy, redemption, and most of all, true love. To walk in another man's shoes, to value people for what they are rather than what they are not, these are the lessons of this supremely written book.If you have seen the movie but never read the book, you will find some differences but many, many similarities, right down to the wording. The additional detail of the book provides a fuller picture particularly of the culture of Maycomb and the Finch family. I love the movie, but I loved the novel even more because of these additional details. For example, Mrs. DuBose played a small but memorable role in the film but in the book her character is fleshed out in a much more complete way, in some ways foreshadowing the story of Boo Radley and underlining the central premise of the book.Stellar writing, a compelling story, a powerful reflection on what human beings are and what we could be. I highly recommend this truly great novel."
"I bought it for my daughter because she loves to read and I thought she should read another classic, but I will be ""borrowing"" this from her myself. Most people read this in highschool, but I don't remember so I will refresh my memory. Next stop the movie!"
"While the book takes place in a Southern town in the thirties, it is applicable to Northern towns today.  A must read for all."
i had received the book in horrible condition. The book was worn out and dirty. it also looks as if its ten years old. i did not like it's condition but i did find the rate of delivery acceptable.
I need the book for a school assignment and so much more out of reading it. It's a wonderful book regardless of the purpose of the reader.
Nice re-issue....great gift. Very nostalgic cover and size. It makes a nice gift for those who have never read this classic.
"This is my all time favorite book.  I first read it as a high school student when it was newly published, and I have reread it several times since.  This is a book that no one should miss."
"Another Summer Read. Saw the movie, book is better. It's a classic so I'm not going to try and say more."
"We bought this book for a friend who named their first born child, Harper. Perhaps the child will grow up to be an author."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)Harper Lee (Up Close)"
"I had to purchase this book for my school research final, I thank Amazon for the price I purchased for and thank you for being there for me no matter what, you always seem to have what I am looking for.PrincessCalifornia"
"I'd rate it a five by yesterday's standards, but today's books are no longer written or judged the same way. I like it, but I like Athol Dickinson's River Rising better, said to be Louisiana's To Kill a Mockingbird. I did like the ending of this novel and the way the one least expected came to the rescue of the kids."
"This book truly is amazing and everyone should read it as it covers issues that are important still today, even though it was written over 50 years ago."
"I don't know how I missed reading Harper Lee's classic when I was in school, but I decided to make up for that deficiency. The story told through the wise/naïve eyes of young Scout is enchanting. I read the book in two days. It paints an engaging picture of a small southern town in the mid-20th century. The racial incident, while most pertinent when it was written, is not as far distant a memory as we might hope. Its story is brutal and heartbreaking and completely believable in the southern community Lee has created."
"I agree with the other negative reviews of this title.  Nowhere in the basic description does it note this is a collection of essays.  After purchasing for Kindle, there is no taking it back and I could have purchased this for my son for less than 5 dollars at any bookstore new. Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird"
This is one of those books that makes you think about things on a deeper level and consider how the theme applies to the here and now.
No need to say much. This book is just about as good as it gets. A true masterpiece of literature.
"excellent book & fast delivery! i wasn't expected so soon, but that was a great surprise. i made a great gift to a friend :)"
"Great read, great book.  It is good to re-read the classics like To Kill a Mockingbird.  Highly recommend this book."
"Here is a classic whose depths are innocently plumed by a young girl named Scout, who is telling the story.She respects her father, but doesn't quite understand what he does as a lawyer until the trial of a black man opens her eyes and rocks their little southern town.The writing is simple, but the message and the meanings are profound.Excellent reading for high school and up."
"I""m pretty sure I must have read this book nearly 40 years ago, in high school, although I have no real memory of it.  This was assigned reading for my youngest son last fall, and I finally had the chance to read it this week.While this is ostensibly the story of first grader Scout Finch and her older brother, Jem, trying to lure their reclusive neighbor, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley out of his house, really, it's the story of their relationship with Dill, a boy from out of town, who summers with his aunt across the street from them.  It's the story of Scout and Jem learning about the good and bad in the world.  And ultimately it's the story of kindness to others, which should have no expectation of being repaid.When he saw me reading this book, incidentally, my 14 year old commented, ""I loved that book.""Clear enough."
all was wanted this book had a better price online this is a very good book to read LOVE IT
HAVENT READ THE BOOK YET BUT IT GAVE ME A EXTRA 100% ON MY AVERAGE SO TY AND THE CONDITION WAS AMAZING
a true classic this is one of my keep books this the second one I gave the other away good reading
"Harper Lee's 1960 classic novel about a girl witnessing life and racial prejudice in a small Mississsippi town in the mid Thirties proves instantly compelling--and remains a valid, social documentary fifty years later.  Narrated by a 6-8 year old girl named Jean Louise Finch (called Scout) who scorns the idea of ever becoming a lady--the story depicts a child's gradual awareness of racial tension and stubborn bigotry in the deep South.  She and her older brother, Jem, experience the usual round of kids' fantasies and pranks, Us-against-Grown-Ups mentality in Part One--which serves as a detailed backdrop for the dramatic courtroom confrontations in Part Two.With deliberate casualness the naive narrator menrions an upcoming legal case whose Black defendant will be represented by Scout's quietly dignified father, Atticus. Over the ensuing months she becomes aware that the town and even her extended family are appalled by the calm tenacity of this local lawyer--a man of surprising principle. How can he have sunk so low as to defend with sincere pride a mere Black man against the serious charges leveled by a White (trash) family?Scout comes to admire her middle-aged fathe,r for she is impressed by his morality as both a caring parent and as a trustworthy role model of a human being--sworn to uphold the law. Alone against the entire white community Atticus commands respect in a packed courtroom (""stand up, child,--yo father's passin..""). She realizes that he is magnificient in his own quiet way and fearlessly rises to defend an innocent Black man with patience, logic and cool conviciton under legal duress. Truly, he is a father to be justly proud of! Defying the court of (warped) public opinion Atticus demonstrates convincing tenacity--sure to yield a NOT GUILTY verdict. But the wheels of Mississippi justice are warped and rusted. An enduring read which offers poignant human truths for all ages."
I have read this book many times and wanted my own copy.  Never get tired of reading this story. Good read.
"I've read this book three times, the first while in high school, and the last, recently.  Each time, my experience has been the same:  a weak story that is over-played with heavy-handed melodrama. Shallow characters that the author tries to make stronger via the drama.  There are scores of American books that I would recommend before this ""classic"", although it has devleped quite a band-wagon full of followers over the years. I'm not one."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, the first and only novel of Harper Lee, is a book that we have all read at some point during our education. For some of us, such as myself, we've read it more than once. With 3 years in between visits with Scout, Atticus, and Tom Robinson, I understood a lot more when I met them the second time. At the awkward stage-rich age of twelve and seventh grade, I still didn't really understand what rape was, and why it was such a huge deal that Mayella was white and Tom was black. But now, with new historical and social knowledge, I understand that blacks and whites just didn't date or even really communicate  with each other for that matter. The 1920 American South's society just didn't accept that. Reading this book again now, and watching a film on the author has lead me to believe that Harper Lee, the author of To Kill A Mockingbird, and the daughter of a lawyer in her hometown of Monroeville, Alabama, gently based this book off her own experiences. It is a commonly known fact that Dill is based off her childhood friend turned famous author, Truman Capote. It is supposed, although not confirmed, that Scout is actually Harper Lee. Lee no longer grants interviews, and is almost like Boo Radley, the mysterious shut in that lives down the street from the Finch family. In To Kill A Mockingbird, Atticus is given the difficult task of defending a black man, Tom Robinson, in court. Robinson was accused of raping a white trash woman, Mayella Ewell. Atticus, described as a man who was born to ""do our unpleasant jobs,"" does everything he can to defend Tom, but still loses because of the biased, racist jury. Although he could have won the appeal, he never got the chance, and Tom was murdered. Innocent, young-minded me didn't understand why anyone would just dislike someone or choose them to be guilty of a crime they didn't commit. To be quite honest, seventh grade me just thought I was smarter than the jury. In a sense, I was like Scout, the unbiased narrator. In the end, although remaining innocent, Scout has done a fair amount of growing up. She endures much teasing in school, is forced to become a ""lady"" by her Aunt Alexandra, is impacted by two deaths one after another, and is even almost murdered herself. When I was a child of her age, the most exciting thing that had ever happened to me was when I escaped from preschool and crossed Buford Road, while holding my dear friend Ben hostage... Which is still fairly exciting for a three year old, but it was completely incomparable to Scout. I can understand why Scout had the maturity of a teenage at the age of 8 or 9, and I praise Harper Lee for this. With the amount of hardships Scout had been through... It really causes a child to grow up faster. When I read that Phoebe Lou Adams had written, ""It is impossible, being told in first person by a six year old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult."" I definitely have to disagree on this one. Scout is a very mature young girl, with more horrific experiences than the average adult. She also, as an adult, is recalling the events of her childhood. So obviously an adult would have the prose style of an adult. Duh. Even her first grade teacher, a beautiful, bitter, rule stickler of a young woman, scolds Scout for being educated. Reading To Kill a Mockingbird again as a 15 year old has really helped me understand Harper Lee's award-winning novel much more. This book, which as sold over 30 million copies in the fifty years it has been in print, is a novel that will influence the lives of readers for many generations to come. I hope my children have the chance to read it more than once in their school career just as I did; once in middle school, and once in high school, just so they can extract all of the valuable life lessons from it at each stage in their development."
"This is for my daughters school reading. It's a great book, so I'll use this chance to read it again."
"When Harper Lee's first and only novel, To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1960, it shot forward as an immediate critical and commercial success. It has sold 30 million copies to date, and a Library of Congress survey ranked it as the second most influential book ever written, placing just behind the Bible. The reclusive author's tale of a ""tired old town"" in Alabama and the incidents that occurred there during the Great Depression has become the most widely read book in high school English classes, and its ever-present cultural impact gives no indication that this trend will recede. One cannot overstate the unbelievable praise that the book has received from organizations of every demographic, from the National Conference of Christians and Jews to the Publishing Triangle (where it was declared the 67th greatest lesbian and gay novel for reasons unexplained).  However, there has always been a vocal opposition to Lee's crowning achievement, one that aptly points out the predictable, stale nature of the characters and the simplicity of the book's principal theme: ""be nice to people."" Novelist Thomas Mallon dubbed the book ""an ungainsayable endorser of the obvious."" Every year there are also numerous attempts by organizations of all walks of life to try unsuccessfully to get the book pulled from high school shelves and required reading lists for its vulgar language (the book makes use of the word ""whore,"" an epithet that most students could go their entire high school careers without hearing were it not for the novel).  Despite these criticisms, Lee undeniably shows a mastery of language and storytelling in her novel. Most of this stems from the novel's protagonist and narrator Scout Finch, who beautifully describes Maycomb, Alabama as a place where ""men's stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning; ladies bathed before noon, after their 3 o'clock naps, and by nightfall were like soft teacakes with frosting from sweating and sweet talcum."" Scout's fiery attitude and enlightened eye for social injustice make her a fitting narrator for a novel that attacks the established conservative society of a 1930's South built on racism, classism, and anti-intellectualism.  Mockingbird makes these critiques on Southern social structure through a series of seemingly disjointed episodes that depict a town where your last name and skin color determine your innocence in court. While the book is frequently described as a book about ""a White Southern lawyer defending a Black man falsely accused of rape,"" that story is only a drop in the bucket compared to the larger themes present in tales of reclusive neighbors, vapid old women, children acting out scenes from Dracula, and yes, a Black man accused of rape.  But the parable nature of the book's many stories yields it to be more story-driven than character-driven. Rightly or wrongly, Lee fails to add any second or third dimension to her characters. While he is often cited as one of the greatest literary heroes of all time, Atticus is unfortunately exactly that: he is the hero, and that one word describes every aspect of his being in perfect detail. If there is a right choice and a right choice, you don't have to think twice about which he will choose and which after-school special speech he will give to justify his choice. After Bob Ewell beats his own daughter, gets a Black man imprisoned unjustly, and spits in Atticus' face, Atticus just tells his children to ""stand in Bob Ewell's shoes a minute."" Lee tries to complicate Atticus by having him a shoot a rabid dog in the street, finally showing us a hint of his dark side, but this is immediately dismissed and never brought up again for the remainder of the novel.  In the opposite corner of the flat character ring we have Bob Ewell, our resident racist, child-abusing villain. Whether he's molesting his daughter or trying to kill children, his appearances are closely followed by Lee's commentary not-so-subtly screaming ""Get it? He's the bad guy!"" Ewell's exhaustively Disney-villain character detracts from Atticus' message that we should ""stand in his shoes."" Lee makes him so despicable and un-relatable that it is far too daunting to try to empathize with him, and this prohibits us from trying to see two sides of the conflict.  Also interesting is the fact that a novel that frequently explores racism suffers from The Last Samurai syndrome, as it is dominated solely by White protagonists and helpless Black victims. The Black population of Maycomb serves as the novel's ""damsel in distress"" that can only be rescued by the gallant white knight, Atticus. Contributing to this is the fact that the Black characters of Mockingbird are just as featureless as Atticus or Bob, but they are each assigned a stereotypical role that would make Jim Crow himself blush. Lee fills the novel with such antiquated caricatures as ""the sassy Black cook"" and ""the simple-minded sharecropper"" rather than populating it with any self-sufficient Black characters to contribute to the story.  But, as mentioned, this lack of depth does not detract from the story's ability to weave satire and social commentary into an easy-to-swallow novel written from the perspective of a child. Although its shortcomings deserve some criticisms, Lee rightfully earned her Presidential Medal of Freedom for writing a book that hit so many hot-button issues present in America during the time in which it was written."
"I thought this was a very good novel.  The novel is seen through the perspective of a young girl, Scout.  Her older brother, Jem is also prominent in the story.  There is a lot of themes and aspects to the novel.  On one level it is about racial hatred and prejudice in a segregated small town, in the Deep South of the USA, in the early 1930s.  On another it is about growing up, and the shifting perspectives that this brings.  On yet another level it is about small town life, both the strengths and weaknesses involved in this.  Another theme is seen in how outsiders, or those who are perceived to be such, can be demonised.  This is illustrated by Boo Radley, who is presented at first as a bogeyman, and then is humanised after coming to the aid of Scout and Jem.  Justice, or lack of it thereof, is also another major theme.  Even though Tom Robinson is innocent, he is convicted of  a serious crime, and tragically is later killed while attempting to escape.  This is a universal theme in justice systems across the world.  The novel highlights the enduring problem of miscarriages of justice very well.  Empathy and the need for understanding is also an important theme in the novel.  Atticus Finch's advice to his children that you cannot understand a person until you attempt to understand their perspective, and point of view, is also an influential lesson.  Overall, the characters are well defined, and the story is very good."
Read it when i was in high school and had to have it for my oldest daughter for an assignment. Still great reading all around.
"Sometimes it's hard to write a book that kids can read, and still make it real and exciting for adults, but I believe Lee has done just that.  This book can be read as a simple childhood story, a love story, even, but I see it as much more than that.  It gives a basis for our lives and what we believe in.Anger and prejudice are stirred up in town, and Scout, only eight years old, is caught in the middle of it.  She doesn't know who to believe, except for one person: her father.  When Atticus is called on to defend the accused of a rape case, she sees that he is willing to stand up for the truth, even when people hate him for it.  It sets an example for all people, young and old, that there's some good left in the world, and it's worth fighting for.Yet truth and justice don't always triumph, and people sometiems kill the mockingbird that lived only to sing for them.  They hate anyone that doesn't see things the way they do.  Hopefully this book will show us how to change our world for the better, and teach us that love for our family--and sometimes even for those we don't understand--can change even the hardest hate."
"I have not read this book yet, but I will in the future, if it is the good Lord's Will that I do so."
"Who doesn't love this book? It is a must read for any and all teenagers, and adults, too! One can learn a lot!"
"I have many many books on CD but To Kill A Mockingbird will always be my favorite. The CD version lets me ""read"" when I am doing my exercise routines ."
"I'm a 13 year old girl, and this is one of greatest books I have ever read. Period. The characters are very easy to relate with. You can find a piece of yourself in all of them. Not having grown up in even really the 90s, it's awesome to see what life was like in the 60s for both races, including thw segregation. I would most certainly recommend this to a friend."
"Great book, I'm not disputing that...My problem is that it is NOT the same version as the one pictured. Why is this an issue? Because I am buying replacement copies for my classroom. The version I was shipped (which has a different cover and different font within) has drastically different page numbers than the version pictured. I hunted around to find the SAME ones. It's very hard for kids (and adults for that matter) to have a vibrant literature discussion when they are trying so hard to find the quote/idea we're talking about because it's on a different page than everyone else's."
"I can't possibly add to the other positive reviews regarding this story; I can only share my personal experiences that this story was assigned reading for me in both junior high and high school.  I enjoyed it very much back then, but only recently reread it as an adult.  Now that I read it from an adults point of view, I can see so much more in the story...the lessons learned, the growing pains of the children, the times they grew up in, the local views of the people, etc.  Harper Lee paints a picture with skillful words so that I feel that I am there with the characters in the story.  That I'm experiencing those things right along with them.  It's wonderful!"
"Harper Lee's, To Kill a Mockingbird, is an American Classic. It takes place in a small town in Alabama named Maycomb during the Great Depression. It's based over a three year period of eight year old girl's life. Scout is the narrator of the story. She lives with her father Atticus, her older brother Jem, and their African American cook Calpurnia. The book begins with Jem and Scout meeting Dill for the first time. He had come to stay with his aunt during the summer until school had started again. The children have many adventures together but their biggest is their obsession with mysterious neighbor Boo Radley. Everyone was afraid of the Radley house so the children would make games of it. After Atticus would sternly suggest that they leave him alone they became more secretive about their attempts to get Boo to come out. While the children are engulfed in their own activities and adventures, Atticus is assigned to defend Tom Robinson in his case. Tom Robinson was and African American being accused of raping Mayella Ewell a young white woman. As the trial goes on the children seem to forget about Boo for awhile and focus more on the Tom Robinson Case. Once the jury had made their verdict on the case Jem and Scout realized that no everyone had been raised with the same morals as them. After the trial everything seems to go back to normal accept for the constant threats to Atticus for defending and African American. The story ends with Jem and Scout being attacked by the same man that had been threatening Atticus. Boo Radley save the children's lives and all was well again. My opinion of the story is that it is a must read novel. There are a lot of life lessons to be learned by this novel as well as self morals. If you have to be snatched up by a book in the first paragraph or chapter to be able to read it keep in mind when you start reading because for me it took a few chapters until it got interesting. All in all it was a fantastic book and I enjoyed the whole thing.Side note: I'm a junior in high school and I hate reading (that's how good of a book it was)"
"This is a collection of commentaries. This is NOT the book. Amazon customers should not have to minutely scrutinise the ""guff"" to determine the nature of a Kindle book. Wrong purchases can't be reversed and Amazon should better highlight, for example, that this is NOT THE ACTUAL BOOk. The trusted Amazon experience and an awful experience like this (for nearly $US30) do not belong together."
I am extremely disappointed with the product I purchased which I had thought was a copy of To Kill a Mockingbird but instead is a series of essays on that book..  I really want to read the book itself- not the commentaries of others.  If there is any live person reading this who might be able to help me correct my mistake I would appreciate their help. Thank you.
slight moldy smell like and older book but the binding looks good and the pages aren't folded or crinkled :)
I was very pleased with my purchase. The picture matched what I received. Books were in great condition. I would buy again.
"A book group that I belong to decided to read this book.  Many of us had read it before, but a number of years ago.  It is definitely worth picking up again or reading for the first time."
"This year I planned on reading classics. It has been awhile that I read one; I think the last time was during my second or third year of high school. And that was a long time ago! To tell you honestly I'm a lazy girl when in terms of reading classics. Some were just boring that I can't even stand to finish it! But thankfully To Kill a Mockingbird isn't one of those books. It's the kind of book that will dig deeper into you and slowly gets you attached to the characters and story!I love this book! It's easy to read, memorable and thought-provoking. It brings back memories of our mischievous childhood. It also reminded me of how the world runs during those times. Unity and justice were unattainable back then due to racism. People judge others by the color of their skin. Though today racism is gone, thankfully!, I have felt the heaviness of racism during the course of my reading.The premise of the book is ordinary but something made the story extraordinary. And what's that? It's how Harper Lee magically brought the story to life! The characters were full of emotions and because of that I can easily relate to them, especially Scout! I like how innocent and curious she is. Not to mention how mischievous they (Jem and Scout) can get. The issue about racism was written with finesse. Harper Lee surely has the knack of writing.I wanted to talk more about the story; to share it to you guys but I'm afraid I might spoil it. So let me just invite you to read it then? :) To Kill a Mockingbird is a book you don't keep; It's a book you pass along for everyone to read and feel the magic sealed in it!"
Quick and great condition Great condition quick shipping. My daughter needed it for school and it arrived as promised. Book is read in every high school
"I couldn't believe when received: poor paper quality, worn paper, badly cut.This book deserved a better quality anniversary edition."
"An amazing story.  At turns touching, funny, scary and heartbreaking.  I will read it over and over again.  My only regret is that it took me so long to get to it."
"Librarians voted ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" the best American novel written in the 20th century, and this edition is a lovely reproduction of the original release."
"I have always wondered about the title of this book, I have come up with a higher respect and understanding of the story and the writer as I have tried to make a sense of it and here is my opinion on the subject:The Mockingbird that is being killed might have reference to the child's belief in the justice system and all those who are supposed to protect everyone from crimes.  What happens to an innocent African-American defendant, although true and totally unacceptable is only one side of the truth.  The cover-up of another murder (spoiler alert!) that takes place at the end and by none other than those three people who are aware of it and are supposed to be on the side of Justice For All, namely Atticus, The Judge and the Sheriff is the real story here.  They not only decided to drop all charges, they also convinced an innocent child, an actual witness to the crime, to join them and lie about it."
"There is nothing, at all, that I did not love about this book. It's a wonderful read. I recommend it."
"This is one of the best stories of the 20th century. The movie with Gregory Peck from 1962 was a great adaptation; however, the book is even better. It is a ""must read"" for anyone who is interested in how people lived during the 1930's and the conflicts between race relatiions and how a lawyer in a small town with two small children tries to teach them right from wrong while overcoming the prejudice of the times. If you don't own a copy, please get and read this one, you will be glad you did."
"This book is a classic, and I love it. Explores the controversies based on race and status. Makes your heart cringe and warm at the same time. Love it"
"Beautiful, literary writing. Storytelling at its best. A classic and one of my all-time favorites. Too bad there weren't more books like this in the world."
"Aside from the novel being one of the best ones ever written, the book itself is as classic as the story.  I like it a lot!"
i had read this book for school and loved it. I loved it so much that I decided to pick it up and read it again and again. The plot is great and so is the characters. Probably the best book I've read.
"Will today's best sellers be remembered tomorrow? In many cases,the answer is no...the context has changed and the theme is no longer relevant.To Kill a Mocking Bird will be with us for a long time. First, it is incredibly well written...Harper Lee takes us inside the head of Sport and shows us the world of Depression-era rural Alabama through the eyes of six year girl. Lee knows this world and she takes you there like few people can. Scout is as ""spunky"", tough, and courageous as any chapter you will find. Her father, Atticus, is as wise and patient as any character. They will stick with.Second, the story is important and will continue to be important. Sport's father, Atticus, is given the unenviable task of defending an innocent black from charges of raping a white girl. Atticus is a wise man who truly believes that all human beings are men (and women) and that they have unalienable rights. This book was not received in Alabama when it came out and played an important role in turning the mirror on the South.It was important then and it is still important today."
Family favorite for the past forty years! The book and movie have been given to all 5 children and 9 grandchildren.
This classic is a must read.  It is as relevant today as it was 50 years ago.  Reading a story from a child's perspective is so real and enlightening! I'm so glad I ordered the hard back.  It will be great to pass it on to my grandchildren.
"It was just what we wanted. It was in good shape, and can't wait to get to re-read it.  Thanks"
"It has been many years since I read this book, but was thrilled when my book club chose ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  Its message is timeless and all should read it."
Well Received and on Time!!This book is a great classic and one that my mom read to me as a small girl and one day I plan to read it to my own children.
"I was buying and paying for a Hardcover 50th Anniversary Edition, instead I received a normal version paperback. Very conveniently on the package receipt it states not 50th Anniversary Edition. According to this logic you can advertise to sell anything, just make sure the package receipt describing it's not what you are buying. Obviously I want to return the book but I will have to pay the return shipping. I am being penalized for their mistake whether it's intentional or not."
"I recently read this cherished classic for the umptenth time. I realized that have never posted a review on it and feel I should. I won't attempt to get into everything the story repressnts in literary terms. But I will say how much hope it showed to a young gal growing up in the south during the turbulence of the late fifties/early sixties. I only hope too, that someday Hollywood will see all th reasons why this wonderful work shoud be recommited to film."
Planning on a May road trip to Arizona and will be listing to “To Kill A Mockingbird” at that time.Please email me sometime around the end of May and ask how we rate To Kill A Mockingbird.
"I bought this for a young man to read as he reminds me of Jem, the young boy in the story. This particular book wouldn't be sold for a dime at a yard sale. Marked, underlined on EVERY page and completely unreadable. Shame on the bookseller!"
"I decided to purchase this book because I wanted to read some classics. Harper Lee paints a vivid and detailed view of the southern life in Alabama. The book itself gives us insight into how it was during the 30's. The storyline had me gripped, and felt as if I was there. This book is still relevant today. I had not read the book before, and was wondering what I was missing. I'm glad I read this, and would gladly recommend this as a read to a friend."
"I loaned my copy of To Kill a Mockingbird to a friends several years ago, and she lost it. It is my favorite book of all time. I have been looking for a hardback version for years. Great price too!"
"This review is the for the library binding edition, the cover in brownish & black color with a moon and a girl silhouette.  When I received the book, I was shocked at the cheap paper.  The pages are made of construction paper, which are easy to tear and the paper will probably degrade from air moisture in couple of years.  All the pages are bound by a thin piece of cloth like material and that is thin cloth is glued to each side of the cover.  I specifically paid extra for library binding the quality is that of children's coloring books."
I am an avid reader of the classics so this book was perfect for me. Was exactly as described. Thanks.
This was a gift for a friend for her birthday.It's a good book and she had wanted for it awhile.
"I have seen the movie, but have not read the book.  I have order an audio CD to read along with the books.  I know the students in the classroom will enjoy this story.  Many have become interested in reading due to the audio CD and they read along with their books."
"A really quality book, an overall good read I recommend it to everyone.  Book's physical quality was good as well, no big deficiencies."
All time favorite classic.
"A true masterpiece in every possible way. I think this is an example of the power of storytelling that quietly leads the readers into the dynamic discussions about conflicting ideologies, prejudices, sins and redemption as a collective society as well as individuals.  This book uses the form of literature so beautifully and effectively--the characters, sympbols, plots and the persopectives from the young girl's first person narration--that it engages the readers in the deep meditation and soul searching for the topic of hate, to quote, as a lack of imagination, as expressed in this book, as the inability ""to finally see"" people. The characters raise important and still controversial questions,-- questions from the wisdom and common sense of untainted children about the establishment of hate in the name of tradition and cultural propriety. It is beautifully written, and its language is so simple and clear, I can't say enough about this book."
"Beautifully constructed book with a throw-back cover. This is must-read book for everyone. I highly recommend it for middle schoolers, high schoolers, college students, and adults of all ages."
I THOUGHT IT DEPLORABLE TO SELL A BOOK WHICH SMELLED SO TERRIBLY OF CIGARETTE SMOKE WE COULDN'T STAND TO READ IT... WE ENDED UP HAVING TO FIND SOME OTHER SOLUTION FOR OUR STUDY REQUIREMENT.
I first read To Kill A Mockingbird when I was in Junior High School.  And I have probably read it 30 times since.  It is still relevant today.
"Best story, and i don't know what else to say. but there are ten more words required, so what can I do?? done."
"It took me years and years to read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD.  Despite its sweetness and naïveté, I must say I'm disappointed.I don't think there's a lot of point writing an extensive review at this time.  I'll just say that I'd expected this to be fine literature, when it's more accurate to say it's a fine story for 14 or 15 year-olds; or rather, it would have been back when it was first published in 1960.  Because of the old rumor that it was really a Truman Capote book I expected more.  Clearly this is not a Truman Capote book, and it's difficult to see how it might be mistaken for one.  Unfortunately this novel is nothing but predictable, and worse, it's purple, with unbelievable deaths which are far too convenient for the story's credibility.I might point out that we barely know the black characters in this book at all.Almost certainly this novel tells us far more about those who made it a best-seller in the early 60s than it does about either its subject matter or about Harper Lee.  Perhaps it can be seen as playing a role in advance of the Civil Rights Movement akin to that played by UNCLE TOM'S CABIN before the Civil War.  Worth reading?  I suppose so.  A classic?  Literature?  No."
"I loved this book! Very well written, and in great condition:) I highly recommend it for anyone. It has great insight on the 1930's and very interesting."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is probably my favorite book ever. I was forced to read it for school but once I picked it up, I could not put it back down. This book realy showed me how great reading can be. Harper Lee writes in such a way that keeps your eyes locked in on the page. The multiple storylines keeps you enticed and you cant help but feel complete pity for Tom Robinson. And I have no never found a character I liked more than Atticus Finch. It also is one greatest movies. Gregory Peck at his finest. This book really had an effect on me and inspired me to read other books."
I read this book way back in high school. I loved it then and I love it now. I just wanted to add it to my collection.
"To Kill A Mockingbird is an American classic. It deserves to be required reading in every high school classroom. Harper Lee creates an intricate tale of suspense set in the South during the 1930s. The story makes statements about prejudice and justice that transcend time, speaking to audiences of the modern era."
"I read this book for a class and at first I didn't like it. Then, it got so much better. I absolutely love this book. It is very touching and it is a great story told by a very sweet narrator. I recommend it."
One of the best books of our time and they didn't have to use cus words to get your attention.
"well, of course this was a signed copy so there are not many aorund. My partner did not expect such a crazy cool present and cried from surprise."
"Like most people, I read this book in high school, which was about 45 years ago. I always remembered it very fondly and decided it would make sense to read it as an adult. The story takes place in the 30s in the Deep South and is told through two children: Scout and Jem Fish. Their father, Atticus, is an extremely brave and noble lawyer who has to defend a Black man who is accused of raping a white woman. Harper Lee was awarded a Pulitzer Prize and this is probably one of the most famous and most loved American classics. I enjoyed it very much but I have to admit that it is now feels a bit dated. The reader still feels plenty of outrage at the way the Blacks were treated and admiration for the many lessons Atticus tries to teach his children. However, for me at least, it lost a just a bit of its emotional charge as history has moved on."
"I saw the movie, starring Gregory Peck, years ago and many times after, and was curious as to the book that started it all. The movie differs from the book on a few points, but reading the book enhances the experience of seeing such a classic movie."
How is this not available on Kindle!  I have to buy this for my son to read for school.  If it wasn't for that I say forget Harper Lee!
Bought this for my book club. I had read it previously and knew it was great book. It was fun to go back and reread it.
"I've been an avid reader for most of my 45ish years, and can't believe that it took a divorce (after 20 years of marriage) to get me to read this wonderful book.  But the fact is that so many of the women I've been meeting mention this as one of their all-time favorites that I figured I should read it: also, it is a legal thriller of sorts, and I love legal thrillers.  Well, I read it, and I loved it.  The eyes of a child are the window through which we see the events unfold in this tale, and that child's viewpoint is honest, open, and innocent.  The town comes alive, as do all of the characters, and you start to feel as though you're also part of the town.  This novel will have you laughing, crying, and tug at your heart-strings.  I no sooner put it down then started to reread the first chapter, this time picking up nuances I missed the first time.Truly a book whose hype does not exceeds its content."
"As a non-native speaker, I had meant to read this book for years. I had very high expectations, but found myself utterly disappointed. I don't really understand why this book has become so famous. First, rather than being a story on racial discrimination and moral injustice in the South(as advertised on my edition of the book), it's really a sequence of different stories/events in the life of a 10 years old, that develops rather slowly. The title itself is little revealing. Even after who knows how many pages into the book, I did not fully grasp the main story line or point about the book - I kept on reading, hoping that it would eventually reveal itself, but it never did. Instead, it seems to be a loose narrative of different events in the life of a 10-years old , and none of the stories are really brought to an end or illuminated/analysed from a moral standpoint. Everything was just too obvious and cliche-ridden. Second, it was poorly written  and bar of any signs of great literature that would deserve the Pulitzer Price. Someone just please explain this to me."
Of course this is a well-known novel that has made the best seller list a long time ago. It is well-written and very interesting. A classic!
Honestly one of my favorite books! The second I started reading I couldn't put it down. I highly encourage others to read.
This is a classic. Most people who have read it have enjoyed it very much. I know I certainly did.
"Truly a terrible book. How this ever won any awards completely astonishes me. The dialogue is extremely difficult for anyone outside of the rural south to understand. They speak as though it's almost a different language, or perhaps they're all mentally retarded. This book should've never been published."
"One of my favorite books I've ever read. Good quality hardcover, and the book is made with classic looking pages giving the book an older feel that you love when turning the pages."
This was my second reading and it still was a wonderful story of love and caring winning over hate.  It was our book club selection.
"Wonderfully crafted story.  Excellent movie as well.  Thanks, Amazon, for making this available.  Hope this remains on the school reading list."
Perfect for what I got it for: book swap. Mint condition. Beautiful appearance. I would recommend this to a friend.
"This is my favorite book, but for some reason I seem to have evaded ever owning a copy of it! Finally I got around to purchasing this one. It is a very nice size and weight, and the cover art is phenomenal (which is one of the main reasons I purchased this one over others). I hope to have this book for a long time and that it will last through dozens of readings."
"Recognized as one if the greatest books if our time, how could anyone not love To Kill A Mockingbird? Exceptional writing and character development."
"There is nothing about this book that I do not love except for the ending. I just feel like it ends short and that there should be more there. Other than the sudden ending, this book is fantastic and the best I have ever read. TKAM is one of the few books I have read that didn't bore me, even for a second."
"Classic.  Tons of reading guides etc on Kindle, but not the novel itself??? Needs to be added.  Please add it!!!"
Met Expectations in all areas. This items performed as advertised and was a good fit for my particular improvement needs
My daughter needed it for school and she enjoyed reading it and completing the assignment. She was happy with her final grade.
It was a great book when I read it in school and still is a great book that my daughter read for school.
"Most of my friends read this story in school, I did not.  I picked it for our bookclub read, (which everyone enjoyed), now I am going to use it in the classroom.  A fun story with a message."
"Its an interesting read, but the movie was better and more entertaining. The words in this book are very condensed and compressed against each other. Just make sure you are reading the a different line instead of the same one over and over again."
"Again, if you've seen the movie, read the book. Considered one of the great American novels, I finally decided I had to read it. I'm curious to see how they adapted a great novel into one of the greatest films I've ever seen."
"I had to buy another ""Mockingbird.""  I read it at least once a year and my last outing was with pages falling apart.  It is one of those books that is endlessly entertaining and endlessly heartbreaking."
It is amazing how 'To Kill a Mockingbird' is so much better now that I am grown.  I can't wait to read it again for the 3rd time.
Thank you for a beautiful copy of this timeless classic novel. Such a blessing to find at a good price and free shipping!
"If you haven't had a chance to read this book please pick up a copy for yourself as soon as possible. I actually was dreading reading this book in high school, but when I finally got around to it I was instantly absorbed in the plot, characters, and was sad it ended. Great book."
"What more can you say about this classic that hasn't already been sung as praise - one of the best books ever, yal."
A very good story although written in another time in history.  I bought the book used but what I found as much interesting was a 8th grade student had looked up words she did not know and wrote the new meaning and some statements she wrote were funny. Really added to the book
"If disliking To Kill a Mockingbird is heresy then you'd better start piling wood on the stake for me.Ultimately it came down to expectations.  I thought I was reading a book about children, but it turned out I was reading a fancy children's book.  Perhaps I've lost my youthful innocence but I found the first hundred-plus pages of the book to be an absolute bore.  And then Scout and Jem build a snowman.  And then Scout and Jem go to school.  And then Scout and Jem play a make-believe game with Dill.  And then they find some treasures in a tree.  And then they go to school again.  Writers are often motivated by childhood nostalgia, and that's well and good, but like eating an entire bag of Halloween candy in one sitting, there comes a point of gross overindulgence.I think it's worth mentioning that I don't find anything wrong with employing a juvenile narrator.  Two of my favorite books, The Catcher in the Rye and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, are of course narrated by adolescents.  The reason I find those classics so much more successful than To Kill a Mockingbird is because Salinger and Twain told their stories with the language native to a young person while limiting their observations to those that Holden Caulfield and Huckleberry Finn were likely to have.  Harper Lee, on the other hand, seemed to want it both ways.  She wanted the voice and perspective of a 1st person child narrator and 3rd person omniscience whenever she felt she needed it.  In my opinion that doesn't work.  A writer must choose one or the other.Halfway through the book we at last stumble upon the meat of the story, and it's really quite juicy.  Truth be told, I thoroughly enjoyed the trial scene, but afterwards the story seemed to just fizzle away again.  For me the denouement was as tedious and predictable as a sultry summer day in Alabama.  I'm being harsh.  Boo Radley!  Can you ever believe it???Like millions of readers throughout the years, my copy of To Kill a Mockingbird declares it to be a ""timeless classic"".  Despite my criticism I look at those words and I begin to doubt myself.  Certainly something is wrong with me.  My tastes are boorish.  My imagination has atrophied.  I am ignorant of greatness.  I open the book again, read half a page and set it back down.  Then I remember what another famous female writer of the South, Flannery O'Connor, once said of To Kill a Mockingbird:""I think for a child's book it does all right."""
The print is small but it is a good book; I don't care to own much fiction but this is one I'm glad to add to my library.
One of my all-time favorite books. This format was perfect. I just wanted a copy for my homeschooled son. This was a great inexpensive option.
One of the great American novels and the quintessential book for trial lawyers.  Better to have written one great book than a lifetime of very good ones.
"When I had to read this book as a ninth grader, I found it tolerable, but I didn't really understand what all the hype was about. Rereading it 35 years later, I was overwhelmed by the beauty of the narrative. It is hard to verbalize but, beyond the book's important and universal message that good people must stand for justice no matter what pressures surround them in society, the author's words themselves evoke multiple layers of sensory experience and emotional responses that make the reading a significant, substantive, satisfying experience. I am not surprised that an author who wrote a book as perfect as this did not ever write another."
"I have been dying to read this book for years!! I love this ""simple love story"" although the love story isn't really the main plot. It is filled with deep meanings and somehow still feels innocent."
"Simply the best book I've ever read.  Told from the perspective of a young girl (the first thing I loved when I first read it), it deals with the single most important and ongoing social issue in America: race.  And finally, I see something different every time I read it.  It took me a while to realize that the true heroic figure in the book is Jem.Finally, as a reader, How can one NOT love a book that contains the line ""Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read.  One does not love breathing.""Sigh....I wish it were available on Kindle."
"Everyone should read this book! Beautifully written and classic. Breaking down barriers for years, if you read it in school once then you'll want to own it."
This CD set was perfect for my students!  The kids loved it and it was easy to listen to.  There were no scratches so I didn't have any problems with it.
"Wanted to see how closely the movie stayed w/the book:  extremely well, considering how movies often don't meet the book's detail or message. The book I hadn't read, so now I know both movie and book are great."
Read this book way back when I was young and decided I had to read it again.  Always a great book to read again and again.
"This particular edition was difficult to find, but arrived on time and just as advertized.  I could not be more pleased."
Very happy with this product.  Just as described.  Arrived in the time specified!  Pleased with this purchase and would suggest it to anyone else!
READ IT AS A KID AND BOUGHT IT FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO IS READING IT IN CLASS...WISH THEY HAD THE E-READER VERSION.
This classic never gets old.  I read it as a child and I still enjoy reading it to this day.
It was a great way to get my grandson to enjoy To Kill a Mockingbird and to understand what life was like at that time in history.  It shows the gentelity of the South.
"Enjoyed the book, but prefer the movie. Gregory Peck in glasses and a life sized vegetable what more do you want. Perhaps a frenzied dog and a hot summer."
Bought this for my daughter's birthday and she loved it. The edition is beautifully encased. I am glad I purchased it for her.
This was my sons Hawaii trip reading assignment for school. Was quick read for my son...who really loves to read.
"This review is specific to the Kindle edition of the book.It is suprisingly difficult to find critical essays on To Kill a Mockingbird.  This book is a gold mine of multiple critical views, each exploring some aspect of the book.  As so many of the people that scored this product with only one or two stars have stated, it is NOT the actual novel.  The title should make that plain.  If not, the product discription states that ""Michael J. Meyer has assembled a collection of new essays that celebrate this enduring work of American literature. These essays approach the novel from educational, legal, social, and thematic perspectives.""  A hasty purchase without reading either the product title or the description should not translate into a low score for the product.That said, I will be using this book for research as an M.A. Literature student and am thrilled to find such a wide variety of critical approaches in a single volume. The book is relatively current (2010) and contains fifteen critical essays grouped into four broad areas of approach. I've just started sampling the contents, but can already say that the navigation appears to be friendly if not fantastic. The table of contents allows the various essays to be accessed directly.  One excellent perk of the Kindle edition (used with the free laptop Kindle reader) is the inclusion of the specific Kindle reference information pasted directly into a Word document immediately below any cut/pasted text.This book is primarily intended as either a research resource for college level students or by advanced readers familiar with literary criticism who wish to gain a deeper appreciation for Harper Lee's master work. In case you missed it, this is NOT the novel."
"I didn't read this until I was 24 years old. When I did, I fell in love with it. I wish Harper Lee had written other books, because her writing style is one of my favorites. She did an amazing job with this book. And I absolutely love Scout... she's one of my most favorite characters out of every book I've ever read. (And I've read a lot of books.)"
This is a wonderful book. Read it in high school but really didn't know how great it was until I read it again. I recommend reading this at least once in your life.
"I'm grateful for place like this, I don't have to search every bookstore in town to get a classic book. One click and got it in about 2 days!"
"Easy to lose yourself in this story. It takes place long ago, but is just as applicable these days, sadly. The author does a wonderful job of setting the mood and the scene. Very disturbing, but also very touching."
An all American classic that can win the hearts of readers of all ages.  As an adult it was a whole new experience reading it for the 2nd time.
"I have listened to dozens of audio cds, non fiction and fiction. This is the best. Sissy Spacek was born to do this. And of course the book is one of the great american novels. Not to be missed!"
"It is no accident that this book remains popular after fifty years.  Harper Lee's famous work discusses two important times in our history: the significance of the Civil Rights movement told through the lens of the injustice of Depression Era Jim Crow laws.  Jem's search for justice mirrors the search for justice our country has sought since its founding.  Lee provocatively highlights injustice on many levels: between the young and the old, the black and the white, the rich and the poor.As an English teacher, I believe ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" provides us with an opportunity to open dialogue with students about justice, privilege and discrimination.  It gives us a chance to help students come to their own understandings about fairness in our country.  As a reader, I believe ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" tells a compelling story in an artful way that gets at the most basic reasons why we read: to be entertained, to think, to consider our values and belief systems.With this book, Harper Lee has done it all.  She has challenged a country with a history of injustice to become just.  She has led us through the coming of age experience.  She has entertained us.  She has introduced us to the words and ways of the South.  She has created a piece of literature that will forever have a place of importance in our country.Maybe she didn't teach me how to kill a mockingbird...she did so much more."
"Great condition, perfect for my daughters class.  Teacher was requiring the book, and we were worried about finding it in time.  We found it and it shipped in amazing time!"
Finally got around to reading this classic. Enjoyed it very much.  The movie studio did a greatjob in casting Gregory Peck.
"Greatest book of all time and my granddaughter, for whom it was a gift, agrees.  She got it in plenty of time for Christmas."
The book is a good read.  I read this book in middle school and now my daughter has to read it in middle school.
"I love this book. I really wanted it in hardcover. I had to have it. We are losing everything to electronics. I love my library full of real books that can be held. Love to cuddle in a comfortable chair, reading a book under my tiffany lamps on a rainy day.I wish it came leather bound."
"I somehow managed to not find this book on required reading through the many different schools I attended and am most gratified that I was able to experience this with a few years of maturity added on. It's stunning to experience a book that elicits such a wide spectrum of emotion. The characters are fleshed out and practical in their roles with no trimming or additions needed. Atticus Finch is such a spectacle of honesty and integrity that , I'm afraid, it's too impossible for him to exist in real life.  Following the day- to- day activities of Scout and her slightly older brother, Jem, around for a few summers makes me wish I had the childhood and upbringing they had in this story and I feel like I'm stung with such a bittersweet feeling caught in between laughing and crying. A plot synapsis is unnecessary. The writing flows so smoothly and easily you'll be holding most of the pages in your left hand quicker than any book you'll ever read."
"I've never read the book, till my boyfriend asked for it for christmas. When it came, I started reading the book. I could hardly put it down!"
"This is a terrific movie.  I am glad to be able to see it again, and I will show it to my eighth grade students."
"I love this book! I had read it years ago and this time purchased it for a book club. We spent a year reading classics and this was my choice. I enjoyed it just as much the second time around, really amazing story of prejudice and doing what's right."
"I am an avid reader.  I have read hundreds of books in my life-time.  However, this is by far, my favorite book!  I recommend this for every age."
Good service and a great read!! Thanks! I will be a returning customer. What else can I say but thanks again!
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee, is a classic set in the hard times of the Great Depression. While reading this book, you get a real sense of what life was like during that time of hardship and racism. I liked how this book gave a wonderful view of a young girl growing up, and trying to understand this big world around her. Scout Finch is being raised by her father, Atticus, along with her older brother Jem. Scout is very much a tomboy, who would rather run and fight with the boys, instead of grow up to be a proper lady. When Atticus, who is a lawyer, is put in charge of handling a case for a black man, that's when the racial trials start. Scout and Jem watch as their father defends the innocent black man, even though it risks his friendships, respect around the town, and even his children's safety. Through this book, you will see an honest father, trying to raise two young children in a time of great issues. Young Scout starts to understand the troubles in this world, but also the good in it. She sees bad people who like to manipulate, and put down others; she also sees people like her father, who are honest, and truly kindhearted. By the time the book ends, Scout has seen a lot in her young life, and through her family, friends, and her sense of humor, she starts to learn how to handle any situation, as well as be a young lady, which will set her up well for her adult life. Overall, this is a wonderful story. You will love certain characters, and dislike others, but you will always enjoy Scout and all her opinions. This book gives you a good view into the everyday life of a child growing up in that era."
"LOOKING FORWARD TO READING THE BOOK.  IT IS A CLASSIC READ!  THERES REALLY NOMORE TO ADD, BUT THIS THING NEEDS MORE WORDS TO COMPLETE THE EVALUATION."
"My book arrived for me in Australia in excellent packaging. I would have loved a slip cover but the hard cover was perfect and the movie is amazing but the book is better.What an incredible story.I challenge anyone to read the first page and not feel like they can not put it down until they finish it. Harper Lee was an extraordinary authoress....what a book.It is a book that grabs your heart on the first page and you KNOW you just have to read it all, and then later, again.Harper takes you into the community, you are a neighbour and you can SEE all that is happening in the storyline.Harper gives the read two things - the words and, the pictures in your mind's eye.You will love this book and mine will always be on my bookshelf."
I had a hard time reading it in school and I had an even harder time reading it for my book club. It is well written.
Highly recommend it. Fantastic story and characters. A real awe experience to me. Loved Scout and Atticus and the positive effect of a parent on children believes
"I read this Pulitzer Prize winning book for the first time as a 43-year-old and was better able to understand the difference between good fiction and great fiction as a result.  2010 is the 50th Anniversary of this Great American Novel and merited a revisiting of Maycomb, Mississippi.  The first reading was a moment set apart, the second reading was a sublime moment, the third (within another seven years has passed) may cause time to move in new ways.  This novel is so good that it deserves to be the standard by which other novels should be measured.Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, daughter of Atticus and sister of ""Jem"" and the narrator of this tale set in the mid-1930's in the quaint Southern Mississippi town of Maycomb.  She leads the reader through three years of life in this village filled with wise, loving spinsters; crabby, mean widows; folks seen but not talked about but always respected; bigots, racial radicals and Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, one of literatures least seen main characters.  The story begins with the ending and is filled with how that ending came to be.  Not one sentence or word is superfluous and most are placed for optimum impact.As Scout is quite precocious, she is the best choice to be the observer of the activities and the narrator of this tale.  Her youth prevents her comprehending all that she sees but her naivete enables her to speak of what she sees without judgement, for the most part, as Ms. Jean Louise is certainly NOT without opinion.  For her first day of school, after her teacher has demanded she stop reading, Scout replies, ""until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read.  One does not love breathing."" (p.20).  The three years covered by the book mature Scout, and the rest of the town, it seems, beyond the confines of a mere 36 months.  By the time the facts have been filled in and the reader has arrived where she/he began, Scout three years old and has ""grown but there wasn't much else . . . to learn, except possibly algebra"" (p.321) and can understand the power of not allowing a Mockingbird to be harmed, much less killed.This is a story of such power and hope that this present age must read it in order to be reminded of what it feels like to breathe.  The cynicism of the 21st Century is deeply present in the setting of the book (1935) as it was when it was written (1960) but Ms. Harper voices the reality that life is more than the harm, fear and pain to be found in life.  There are neighborly acts, days of play and hard work, families with which to connect (and distance from) and a reality that those events are what keep's one's heart beating.  The story ends with the knowledge, deeply felt, of injustice unanimously enacted but that cannot overcome the possibility of righteousness because people can choose to change, even thought that change may be costly and painful.This is a deeply Christian novel, even though it is not considered as such.  The novel reveals itself to be genuinely so when one of the characters speaks the truth of Maycomb (and of most of us who claim to be Christ-Followers),""We're the safest folks in the world,"" said Miss Maudie.  ""We're so rarely called on to be Christians, but when we are, we've got men like Atticus to go for us.""  (p.246).The story flows from that one passage and it is painfully true, it seems, that it goes beyond the confines of Maycomb.  It is so much easier to root for, or curse at, those to do the right thing for us than it is to take action ourselves but that does not relieve us of the duty to do the right thing as well.  This is a truth so simple a 9-year-old understands it, how and when do we forget it."
"This book is wonderful no matter how many times you read it.  Fascinating people in a fascinating town, controversy, coming of age, etc. Beautiful storytelling.  Highly recommended!"
Reading this story once is never enough. Reading it and watching the movie is epic. A must have for any literary enthusiast!
"I only wish I could have read the book before I saw the movie so I could have visualized the protaganist Father on my own....however, Gregory Peck is quite acceptable.  A classic."
"In perfect condition.  Needed for my daughter's school requirements, so it served its purpose.  It is not a story she would normally want to read, though."
Good book.  It was a book for my son's English class.  He enjoyed the book.  The book was in great condition.
"For many this book is among required reading usually in high school. Somehow I had avoided reading it until it was highly recommended by my book club.Once I started I couldn't put it down. I finished in about a week. The style is similar to Huck Finn, but with a female protagonist.Scout is growing up in the South, when blacks aren't really slaves anymore but are still segregated. Some people, like her father, consider blacks as human and equal. Others still view them as separate and unequal.Since Scout's mother died, her father allows her to figure out life in her own way--traipsing around in overalls, instead of dresses, with her brother Jem. Aunt Alexandra wants to teach Scout to be a lady, but to do so goes against Scout's dad's philosophy of life.In some ways, Harper Lee expresses some rather forward thinking. However some parents may not want their children reading about rape, though I think it was dealt with tactfully."
"Deep in the heart of Alabama in 1935, a white man's word stood against a black man's word. It's not hard to see that this unwritten rule, a byproduct of segregation, opens the door for any ignorant psychopath to take advantage of those who cannot defend themselves. Indeed, a whole underclass of white trash made use of this situation in one way of another. It is a bit ironic that in 1935 the Supreme Court building opened with the inscription in stone of  ""Equal Justice under Law"". At least, a strong current of idealism was being kept alive, and was not totally lost in the law so that it could not be reclaimed. A few people in a place like Monroeville, Alabama, had the courage to resist convention. But the status quo was so fiercely upheld, and emotions of a drunken mob so hard to control.As  other reviewers have pointed out, the strength of this book comes from the point of view of a child, the narrator, who doesn't have an established adult position to defend, and has a father who instills in her a sense of equal justice. She and her brother try and come to terms with their world. In the course of their education -thanks to what they learn more at home than at school -  they meet many quirky characters in the town, and learn about some of their secrets and their unexpected courage and good will.It is clear that this novel closely parallels Harper Lee's actual childhood in a number of ways. For one thing, she was a close friend of Truman Capote, who is the model of Dill Harris. Together they attended legal proceedings at the county courthouse where her father as a lawyer apparently had a very similar role as Atticus Finch in the book. Truman Capote also verified that some of the events actually happened."
The combination of the book and DVD was the perfect gift!! This book is lovely just by itself. And the price was right!!
"I kept hoping that they would get to the point and give me some instructions, but I still don't know how to kill a mockingbird.  Had to resort to an eHow article that finally worked."
Fantastic movie giving this as a gift and they do not make movies like this anymore. Very nice to have a copy available.
"I like the book, it was brand new for what I'd paid for it. I would have like for the shipping to have been better it received almost 2 weeks after I ordered it. Its a great book. Thanks"
"I read this in high school and loved this book; however, I bought this for my wife because of the quality of the binding and the rough style cuts of the page.  While those are minor details to the book itself, it is a book that is amazing and continues to be enjoyable to read year after year!  I'll look forward to reading it with my kids when they are old enough to appreciate it."
I wanted to re-read on this the 50th anniversary of Harper Lee's best seller. It is amazing to consider the context of the book and what was happening in our country at that very time.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is an amazing novel. It's set in Maycomb County, Alabama, and is the story of Jean Louise ""Scout"", who is seven years old at the beginning of the story. Her brother Jem is a few years older than her and her father Atticus is a lawyer. To Kill a Mockingbird is the story of Scout's adventures, also of a pivotal trial between Tom Robinson, a black man, and the Ewells, a ""white trash"" family. Atticus is defending Tom Robinson, causing much controversy, and much taunting for his children. Also that year, Jem and Scout begin a long fascination with the mysterious Boo Radley, who is supposedly crazy, and is shut up in the house.To Kill a Mockingbird is definitely one of my favorite novels. The subject matter is really gripping and I love the writing. Scout narrates in an amazing voice; very compelling. Much like Margaret Mitchell, Harper Lee is a Southern writer, and only wrote one novel (though she is still alive). I wish she wrote more.One of my favorite sequences is probably the trial. Atticus is so brilliant; he builds up a big case for Tom Robinson, and yet racial prejudice prevails, despite the fact that there was no concrete evidence that Tom committed the crime. It's really sad, but one of the most riveting parts of the novel. Even if, like me, you knew what was going to happen, you still couldn't put the book down. And for Scout and particularly Jem, who are so sure that Tom will be acquitted, it's a huge blow.I love the characters as well; Scout is inquisitive and fearless, and I like Atticus a lot too. To Kill a Mockingbird is an amazing American classic, and I would highly recommend it. I love everything about this novel, from the setting, to the subject matter, to the characters, to the writing.My blog is located at novareviews.blogspot.com. You can read all of my reviews there."
pleasantly surprised at the sturdy construction of this paperback.  I expected the usual 'soft' copy.  This is like the 'poor man's version' of a hard back!!
"Atticus Finch is the best role model for a father of any novel I have ever read.  He is also the best role model for what a noble,decent and heroic human being would look like in every way that you would measure such a man. It is quite simply one of the most stirring, emotional and thought-provoking novels ever written.  And depicted, as seen through the eyes of his children, in brilliant, humorous and touching ways.This is a must read for all who have lost faith in the goodness of the human spirit. A spirit that will live on in literature in the man called Atticus Finch."
"Just re-read this book for the second time. I love this book. I LOVE this book. This time around I really found that Lee was reminiscent of Mark Twain. It makes me think of growing up and summertimes in north west Florida.I'm bumping it up a star. It was a great reminder of what I started law school for.25 Jun 2009I shockingly had never read this before. I picked it up because it was recommened as so-called 'legal fiction', and while I probably would fail to categorize it that way, it's still an amazingly elegant and brilliant book."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is one of the best books I have ever read. It is a literary classic on many levels. The book was a landmark work written in the context of the burgeoning civil rights movement. Harper Lee was a born and bred Southerner and she provided detailed descriptions of what is was like to grow up in the South. Her analysis was not autobiographical, but she clearly explained the peculiar mores, religion, academic institutions, and social norms of the era. Her detailed descriptions had a great deal of authenticity.She described the pervasive institutional racism of 1930's Maycomb County, Alabama. Tom Robinson, a black man, was falsely accused of raping a white girl, Mayella Ewell. Atticus Finch was the lawyer who defended Robinson at the trial. Robinson was convicted despite spurious evidence and contradictory, inaccurate testimony on the part of the defendants. Scout and Jem finch were Tom's children. The story is written from Scout's perspective. She was a young grade school girl who came of age. Scout and her brother were forced to learn the sad reality of inequality and racism of the time.Lee was a talented wordsmith who described the setting and characters with intricate details. She was able to maintain suspense throughout the novel, especially regarding the recluse neighbor Arthur ""Boo"" Radley. The story was always coherent and even minor characters in the book were memorable.In short, this book was a masterpiece of the highest order. It is a compelling tale from a narrative perspective. The social implications of the book are as relevant in the present day as when it was written. This is a tale about how children come to the realization that the world is not always fair and there are people who are victims of discrimination and violence. This is a phenomenal book, one of the very best and most significant novels I have ever read."
"It's been a very, very long time since I read To Kill a Mockingbird - maybe since I was in school myself. But teaching it to my students gave me the chance to explore the novel all over again and to remind myself just how masterful it truly is. What almost everyone remembers about the novel is the trial at the heart of it, and that's for good reason; it's still infuriating, disheartening, and effective, even all these years after the book's publication. But there's so much more to the novel; after all, the whole first half of the book is more about life in Maycomb, from the perils of the first day of school to the difficulties of navigating the complex social strata that make up the town (from middle class to the working poor to the white trash, from the whites to the blacks, from the foot-washing Baptists to the more moderate Baptists elsewhere in town). More than that, though, To Kill a Mockingbird immerses you in the perspective of a young girl who is only just beginning to understand the world, and that choice - to let Scout tell the tale, instead of the rapidly maturing Jem or the wise and thoughtful Atticus - is what really makes To Kill a Mockingbird so remarkable. Without Scout's narration, the novel could easily become any other novel about a Southern town, and the trial just another book about racism as perceived by the white folks who were almost entirely unaffected by it. But in letting Scout tell the story, it becomes a way of exploring the complexities of the world through the eyes of someone who understands none of them - and even more importantly, accepts none of them. That dramatic irony between what we know and what Scout knows makes the book even richer to explore, as we begin to realize that so much of what we take for granted flies in the face of the way we raise our children and expect them to live. If that sounds heavy-handed and moralizing, well, that's me, and not the book; in fact, To Kill a Mockingbird soars by telling its story without ever resorting to preaching, hectoring, or belaboring its points. Instead, it simply shows us a young girl who is forced to look at the uglier side of human nature, only to see that there may be more good in people than we think. It's a book that's rich in humanity, life, characterization, language, and so much more, and it's a tragedy that Harper Lee never wrote anything else in her life. But what could compare to such a perfect gem as this?"
"really helped the students to better understand the wording.  Then when they had a question all I had to do was stop the CD, explain the details, and start the CD."
If you haven't re-read this book in the last 20 years - give it another read! **  *** * * *
Excellent classic book! One of my favorite classics. It is such a great story all around and I would reccomend anyone to read it.
"It's as if I read it in high school.  Love Scout.  Would recommend book for all to read.Too bad there wasn't more on Boo.  What did her do with all his time in the house, away from the world.It's sad too that he only went outside at night."
"The book is new and it's what I'd expected, so there isn't much more I can say about it! Thanks."
"I never had to read this book in high school, which I now think is unfortunate.  I've been meaning to read it for years but never got around to it.  Well, now I have and I'm glad I did.  The story is beautifully told in an odd, rambling style I found interesting.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  Little Scout's adventures with her brother and their friend Dill are charming and child-like, and as the story progresses, she learns a lot about life--sometimes too much.  I think everyone should read this and learn right along with her."
"The book is for my son, it's a reqirement for  school reading. He said that it's interesting that's all I got from him."
"This was an excellent book for my taste, it made you think about life but...We all know teens would dislike this book. What they want now is action, love, revenge, hate. Not a book that teaches you about life's meaning. Let's face it, nowadays kids do not like this kind of book, although I loved it, they want more modern books that could happen in a near future. They do not like classic or boring things, they want heart-breaking books that leave you wishing more and more. It's the same with everything; games clothes, TV series, music... People's likes change during history, everything changes. Here are some examples of books teens usually read: Divergent, The hunger games, Starters, The kill order, Unwind, Delirium and much more. I repeat, I loved this book, every grown up I know and read it, loved it. But ask your kids if they LOVED it or if they would have wanted something more new, modern.Make yourself the question: Do our kids like the same things as we did when we were their age?Think of it.Anonymous Reader"
"I was assigned this book in a Political Science class (yes political science) and assigned to write a paper on the social change that occurs from the verdict.  While I was supposed to read it in high school, I maybe read the first chapter and used Sparknotes the rest of the way.  However, I am truly thankful that my professor assigned this book again because I absolutely loved it.  The story, symbolism, and literary devices are all there and it is truly captivating.  I can't say that I've ever been so hooked to a book considering I read it faster than most books.  I think the older you get, the better the book gets and despite it taking place around the depression era, the story is still a good one and a significant reminder of our past.  I will say, I think it does no justice to the book to have high school students read it because like Atticus might say, they are too young to understand."
"I may be the only American under 60 who graduated from high school without having read Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  I'd heard about it, of course; I knew there were characters named Atticus Finch and Scout (a girl), and that there was a trial involving racism.  Unlike so many other classics I haven't yet read, however, this one was never ""spoiled"" for me, so when I sat down earlier this week to patch up the gap in my reading, I was coming to it as nearly fresh as possible, with only the vaguest idea what I had to look forward to.As the novel opens, the narrator, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, professes to tell the reader how her older brother Jem came to break his arm at the elbow years before.  It's a long story, and by the time the unfortunate young man suffers his injury over 250 pages later, not only Jem's arm but the complacency of a small Southern town will be shattered.  The first quarter of the novel offers little hint of the drama that is to unfold; the plucky and precocious Scout, growing up in the early 1930s in Maycomb, Alabama, seems to have only the typical concerns of childhood to ruffle her otherwise tranquil existence: well-meaning but clueless teachers, her brother's occasional bouts of pubescent moodiness, neighbors and relatives who scoff at her tomboyish ways.  Scout enjoys reading with her lawyer father, Atticus; spending time in the kitchen with her family's black cook, Calpurnia; and visiting Miss Maudie, an amiable neighbor.  She, Jem, and their friend Dill, who comes to Maycomb every summer to stay with his aunt, enjoy acting out stories from their favorite books and attempting to coax their enigmatic, reclusive neighbor Boo Radley out of his house.  Everything changes, however, when Atticus is assigned to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman, and accepts this assignment with diligence and zeal.  Suddenly Atticus becomes an icon of his town's hopes and a target for its hatreds - and inevitably, his family gets caught up in the mounting storm.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is simply wonderful, in every way a novel can be.  Scout is a lovable character, whose equal parts innocence and precocity make her the perfect narrator for a story a more mature character might have been too world-weary to tell with such honesty.  Atticus is one of the greatest heroes in fiction, yet there is nothing effortless about his integrity, and he never comes across as self-righteous or too good to be true.  This novel is ethical and wise without ever becoming preachy, suspenseful and dramatic without ever becoming sensational, humorous without becoming silly, realistic without becoming cynical, uplifting without the slightest hint of sentimentality.  In a day when ""moral ambiguity"" in literature so often means the absence of any real concept of good or evil, and ""social justice"" too often means seeing the world in (sometimes literal) shades of black and white, it's refreshing to see how neatly Lee escapes both pitfalls, populating her novel with characters not merely lovable in spite of their flaws, but basically good at heart, or at least striving for decency, while living in and partaking of a poisonous social order they've simply never thought to question.Books like this are precious and rare.  If you've somehow managed, like me, to make it into adulthood without ever reading it, do yourself a favor and pick it up now.  And if you're still in school, don't wait for it to show up on some mandatory reading list.  Read it, as I did, the way it was meant to be read - for the pure, pure pleasure of it."
"I know you probably already read this book at some point in your either distant or not-so-distant past, depending on how long you have been out of high school.  So did I (I'm in the distant past category).  I liked it then, I loved it now.Beautifully crafted, this book celebrates doing the right thing even when it is not the popular thing.  Fighting a losing battle for a worthy cause.  And parenting through example.To Kill a Mockingbird tells the tale of a white lawyer defending a black man accused of raping a white woman in 1935.  But before Atticus Finch can defend Tom Robinson, he must first protect him from a public lynching in this Southern Alabama town, where the most crooked white man is still perceived as more credible than the most honest black man.  But can Atticus protect Robinson from legal injustice?  And what price will his two young children pay when he tries?Told from the viewpoint of Atticus's eight year old-daughter, Scout, this book leaves lasting impressions on topics of racism, justice, and parenting.As I re-read To Kill a Mockingbird this time, I found myself wondering if this celebrated novel would even get published in today's cut-throat publishing world, where readers are looking for some serious conflict and mayhem by the end of the first chapter.  Instead, Harper Lee takes the time to introduce the characters and setting, making Maycomb, Alabama come alive with all of the players typical of a small town.  I grew up in such a town so I recognized the trueness of them.Like many books, this book was difficult to put down.  Unlike any other book, it made me want to be a better parent . . . and a better person."
I'm in the middle of this classic right now. I see why it is a classic. Its tale of racial segregation is one to stand in one's mind for a lifetime. I am getting a feel for what this novel is about. Wish there was another. I guess you can't duplicate a classic. Harper Lee's only work of publication but still upon reading is a masterpiece that should never be banned but taught to people why the content is wrong. Why certain terms for people were used. Never this book taken off the shelves via censorship and there rules that in some ways make points that set good standards. Some rules are bad. This book deserves not the out of print treatment nor edited cencorship. Morals of this story should be taught to people. Bad morals should have explanations as to why. This novel lives on in a glory need not disturbed by the senseless ones. This classic book will always stand the test of time. Mockingbird o' mockingbird live on forever.
"I originally read this book in high school and picked it up again about a decade later. It's as good today as it was the first time, and I'm sure this holds true for the date it was published. Well done Harper Lee."
"A reading experience for any age groupA classic to be reread and rereadThis book is brilliantly written. It is a classic read not just because of the storyline but the excellent writing, the wonderful readability. Lee gives so much social background and so much personal background by weaving it deftly into the plot. There is never that sense of blah-blah-blah pages that often annoy in current narratives (that strike me as author's notes that force the characterisation on the reader rather than it being gained by osmosis).This is an encompassing experience : such a vivid portrait of the times, of childhood, of growing up, of bigotry ... of so many, many things. It is a slow, warm, endearingly evocative insight into the world of the Scout, Jem and Atticus. I was sad to leave them at the end!"
"This beautiful story is ultimately about looking beneath the surface, past skin color and differences in socioeconomic status or station to what defines goodness and what defines evil. Casting aside the shallow boundaries dictated by time and place, Atticus Finch unknowingly passes onto his children a thirst for the truth. Atticus, so needlessly worried about not being enough of a parent since their mother died and providing what Jem and Scout need most, instills in them a boundless curiosity for life and all its inhabitants.Told from the perspective of Scout an extremely astute and precocious child of 6, her daily adventures along with her brother and their close friend, Dill are interwoven into the story of a pivotal court case. Atticus is assigned to defend a black man falsely accused of beating and raping a white woman. The responsibility of upholding the law and offering this man a fair trial along with substantial evidence to indict becomes a monumental challenge as the citizens of a Southern Alabama town in the 1930's are emotionally forced to put aside their masks and reveal their true selves. Just about every human archetype is represented and all are disseminated by Scout who learns the most valued of life's lessons and comes to realize just how remarkable a man her father truly is. What Scout has not yet fully realized is that she is every bit as remarkable and is truly Atticus's daughter.The Mockingbird reference is poetically tied to one of the story's main characters however could easily be applicable to several of them. Scout as well as Jem and Dill exist as strong voices of reason unaffected by social mores and society's expectations. We see this especially in Scout who with childlike innocence and an intelligence that belies her years elicits a call so strong that whether rising to the occasion or falling deeper into a hole, not one can fail to react.Simply told, this is the story that defined winning a case by a belief and the willingness to stand up for what is right, no matter the cost. To Kill A Mockingbird is an unrivaled literary masterpiece."
"I read this book in my 11th grade English class and enjoyed every page. It's a great story involving Atticus, Scout, and Jem as the main characters and even the complicated background of Boo Radley is very entertaining. I would recommend everyone, no matter how old you are, to read this book."
Have you ever re-read a required reading book?  Well I have and it was this book! This book was well written and a classic that can be enjoyed each year.
Having the tapes for this book allowed my son to understand and comprehend the content of this book. It allowed him the freedom to listen at all times of the day and even in the car.He retained the information much easier after he started listening to the tapes. I am so glad I checked to see if they were available! The cassettes saved us much stress!
"This classic novel by Harper Lee is about a young girl, Jean Louise Finch (nicknamed ""Scout""), growing up in Depression-era Alabama with her widowed lawyer father, Atticus Finch, and her older brother, Jem. The story vividly describes race relations in the South in the 1930s. The novel describes how Atticus's decision to take on a controversial rape case affects the family's relationships with the townspeople in their hometown, fictional Maycomb, Alabama. The novel also describes Scout's struggles in growing up such as dealing with school and her curiosity about a mysterious neighbor, Boo Radley. One of the best parts of the novel was Atticus Finch giving the closing argument in the rape trial. Atticus states that, in the eyes of the law, everyone is equal. The novel was published in 1960 during the Civil Rights Movement. Harper Lee was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for the novel, and it was made into a 1962 motion picture starring Gregory Peck."
"This novel is a timeless classic. Many people, including myself, are required to read this book in high school. I normally HATED all of the books that were required. I went in with this attitude when first reading the book, but I actually found it interesting. It introduces racism from that time period, through the eyes of a child. Because it was a little easier to read than most required books, I really enjoyed it. I even read this book a second time in the same year, which I never do, especially with required books. I came from a conservative home and this book brought to light some of the issues that even occur today with racism, just not as harsh. I believe the harshness of the book opens many people's eyes to what occurred during that time period. If I ever have the time to, I would read this book again and again."
"I so enjoyed reading this. I had never read it and I am so glad that I read it now, as a parent. I am finding that parenthood helps me to drink deeply fine literature and read things with more appreciation. This is a great book."
"My son's 9th-grade class was assigned ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" in their English course. It has been over twenty years since I had read Harper Lee's classic and only novel. The small, Alabama town of Maycomb is in the grips of the Great Depression. Jim Crow is alive and well doing its worse by oppressing African-Americans. The story is seen through the eyes of tomboy Scout Finch. It highlights her growth from a six-to-nine-year-old girl. Ms. Lee created a protagonist who still had a child's innocence about the world around her. She isn't just confused about the illogical nature of prejudice but also by many of the social norms of small town America. Scout's dad, the now iconic Atticus Finch, is a poor, 50ish, intelligent lawyer of reason and high morals struggling to raise his daughter and their 13-year-old son Jem. He fortunately has the help of an intelligent black maid named Calpurnia. The climax of the story finds Atticus defending Tom Robinson, an African-American accused of assaulting a white woman.Ms. Lee, who was born in Alabama, clearly expresses her disdain for many of the South's cultural mores. The story not only shows the actual manner in which blacks were treated, but ridicules the Southern obsession with family lineage and how your place in society is based purely on which hoo hoo you popped out of during birth. The story has some wonderfully colorful and highly believable characters. It harkens back to a tougher, simpler time and how most of these folks tried to live god-fearing, decent lives, but don't have the intelligence or courage to treat blacks as human beings; let alone equals. The N-word is appropriately used quite frequently in the book due to the nature of the times and location of the novel.Ms. Lee's book is a well-written story that deserves its wide readership. It is also still very relevant in 2012. It would've been inconceivable to 1930 Southerners that less than eighty years later an African-American would be elected President of the United States. The reelection of President Obama just occurred two days ago and some of the very vulgar stereotypes expressed about him (especially on such mediums as Twitter) shows racism is still very much alive and well throughout America. Prejudice manifests itself in many ways. ""To Kill a Mockingbird""  humanizes the destructive nature that prejudice causes to the victims, perpetrators and bystanders. A great, sometimes funny, suspenseful work of art that challenges readers to look at themselves in the mirror."
"If you only read one book this year, read this one. It's a timeless classic about doing what is right, vs doing what is easy. Each time I read it I find something new. Atticus Finch is a true hero. Wish this was available for Kindles - my paperback copy is held together with a rubber band."
"A very dear friend of mine insisted I drop everything and read this book immediately! I was a little reluctant to do so as I was always mistakenly under the impression that ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is an old-English, Shakespearean-like read for highly educated scholars. I wouldn't understand a thing of it and be bored out of my mind, was what I thought. Oh boy, was I wrong.This is undoubtedly one of the best books I have ever read in my entire life. Never before have I fallen in love with so many characters in one book, as I have in this one. For as long as it took me to finish this book, I was part of a close-knit community in a small town, with all its daily ups and downs. I walked in so many characters' shoes; I got to see every facet of human nature from various angles. I have experienced every emotion a reader could possibly get out of a one-of-a-kind book, and I grew as a person.Someone once asked me to define a ""talented"" writer. I had many answers to that question, but in hindsight, the answer should've only been this: Harper Lee is the epitome of a talented writer. Her writing is pure liquid gold and it leaves you in awe.If you haven't yet read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", you haven't yet experienced ultimate reading bliss. You can take my word for it. I highly recommend this unforgettable, thought-provoking, beautifully-written, delightfully charming book to absolutely everyone. No matter what your age, no matter what your genre preference - you have to read this book! It's a classic for a reason."
"This audio version of To Kill a Mockingbird featuring Sissy Spacek reading this classic is a must have. Especially if you drive often, or have a long commute to and from work. Sissy's southern roots give life to this story of a young six-year-old girl living in 1932 small town in Alabama. This was simply how it was back in those days. Even if you have read the book, I recommend getting this audio version; it's a whole deferent view of this classic masterpiece"
This book is arguably one of my favorite book. It sheds light on issues that haunts our past and personal issues lingering in the present.GREAT BOOK!
Great book. I'm glad it was required reading for my son who is a freshman. He enjoyed it as well.
"The book's quality deemed it 2 stars, I was not a fan of the story. Many will argue that it is an American classic, but I will reply that just because it's a classic does not make it good."
"This is one of the all-time great books of American literature.  If you read it as a kid, read it again."
If you like to feel like you're with the character I suggest to read this book its amazing and you get to picture how colored people were treated back then compared to now its amazing how much things changed. GREAT BOOK
This was a wonderful book. My daughter read it and passed it on to a friend. she had to have it for school the other child just wanted to read it. Well worth the money.
What can I say. It is a wonderful classic.  I buy extra copies to give my friends in Europe and they love it.
"Book as requested.  Excellent classic, as I knew it would be. My granddaughter chose it to do a school report on, and I wanted her to have her own copy."
"I apologize for not reviewing the content and only the quality of the physical book.I ordered the 50th anniversary hardcover and I'm really disappointed and will be returning it. The jacket isn't very pretty in person and the black hardcover itself under the jacket is solid matte black and nothing special. Also the pages are bound unevenly which gives the pages edges a frayed appearance (not sure if that was intentional or if I got a book from a bad batch, either way it looks horrible).I paid $14 for this, I'm going to return it and go to Barnes and Noble to get a leather bound embossed copy for $18."
"I suppose anyone who reads has read this book.  I recently read it for the third time and it would be in my top 20 of all-time favorite books.  Atticus Finch is about as fine a man as one would ever find in American literature.  There are some fine people in this book:  Scout, Jem, Miss Maudie, Tom Robinson, Judge Taylor, Underwood, Boo and more.  There is humor, history, family, values and much more.  I was impressed with the white working poor.  Poor farmers who would not accept relief.  Tom Robinson was a married man with a family.  He worked hard and was a credit to the human race.  The Walter Cunninghams and Tom Robinsons of today's world would all be on welfare.  Back then men had a sense of personal pride.  They scraped by (even during the Great Depression) and did not look for handouts.  Today those type of men have become like Robert Ewell.  No count and shiftless and expecting handouts as somehow they are entitled.  All the participants of the Occupy Wall St crowd should read this book but I suppose they'd be too busy living in the ""world"" of their ipads.  There is so much human dignity in this book.  It is the only book Harper Lee ever published and she hit a home run.  Miss Lee will be 87 next month and spends a great deal of time in her native Monroeville (""Maycomb""), Alabama.  She is Scout all grown up.  I'd love to thank her personally for her book.  It had a great influence on the many good people of our country."
"I think this may be the best book of the 20th century, at least written in the English language.  I know many will disagree, but how can you not put it in the top 10?  My good friend Perry, who passed away last year, used to tell me to read Mockingbird every 10 years or so.  As we age there is something new between those same old pages.  He was right.  Read it as a child in school, again in your twenties, then your thirties, and on.  Lee tells an adult story through the eyes of a child and with every passing decade the story deepens."
"""I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.""A society in which courage is still identified with a man/woman with a weapon in hand, above thought by Atticus/ Lee is a definite way, not a fragile hope for peace. The book not only touches upon the problem of racism Americnas were dealing with at that point of time, but also touches upon the fundamental values of a man. And that is why i feel the book has been acclaimed globally.The book is as much about how a society should acknowledge existence and dignity of all its people as much it is about probing what are fundamental human values a person should pursue. The values of Atticus are so fundamental for humans that the book would continue to exist on the shelves of book stores (online or otherwise) because the values would continue to exist. Well, i do not want to insinuate French revolution here, but the simple words which can be chosen for the values the book brings forth are: freedom, justice, equality, fraternity, and compassion.Thanks and regards,PravinOnce upon a time in the land of Jasmine Revolution and some short stories"
"I get asked all the time which book is my favorite of all.  When you've read as many books as I have, that should be a hard question to answer.  But, it isn't.  Because no book even comes close to this one.  This one is my favorite, each and every time I read it.  And, every time I read it I see some new gem that sparkles like a literary diamond.The story is set in 1930's Alabama and the setting and characters are portrayed with razor-sharp clarity.  It doesn't depict the South; it is Southernness.  The story centers around a young girl named Scout, her brother Jem and their father Atticus (whom I am madly in love with).  Atticus is the town's defense attorney and has been tasked with defending a black man accused of raping a local white girl.  Atticus is bound to do his duty he does it the best he can, certain the young black father is innocent.This book shows the very worst and best of every human emotion-love, hate, ignorance, oppression, bigotry, hope, despair-all without apology.  After the roller coaster emotional ride, it finally leaves the reader feeling like a bandage was just ripped from the heart.Read it again and again.  And, just when you think it has no more lessons to teach you; read it one more time."
"After over 2000 other reviews there is probably little new that I can add, except to say this book is one of the great thought experiments of modern American fiction.  The entire process is set to show the barbarity of the Jim Crow system, and it succeeds.  All students in school should be made to read it.The writing of the novel is brought into further relief by the acting of Gregory Peck in the movie of the same title.The reason for the four star rating instead of five is the characters of Aunt Alexandra and Miss Maudie.  To me they blend together too much.  But the book does bring out varied levels of the human condition.  I first read the book in the eighth grade.  I now teach it to freshmen in high school.  A great piece of fiction."
"I'll never forget reading this 6 years ago- mostly because I remember reading it in the hospital waiting room and cafeteria while my granny was on her death bed. Summer had gone great that year, but then all of a sudden, out of the blue, my granny fell ill with Patriotic Cancer and was dead less than a week later- it shocked us all but mostly, it shocked me. She had been one of my best friends. Anyway, I had had no idea that we were supposed to read this for our summer reading- my Mom just happened to look on the school website and then thrusted the book into my hands with the words : ""Your summer's up. Start reading. Now."" - in a sense, not those exact words.I remember looking at the cover (not this same exact cover, but the one w/the picture of Scout) and reading the title and reading the back cover and thinking, ""I am NOT going to be reading this. I refuse. I dont care about how you can kill a Mockingbird."" Oy, how wrong and naive and stupid I was, not realizing that that wasn't at all the plot point.After re-reading it many times, I can understand why it's a Classic of American Literature- and my favorite book. It's incredible and Harper Lee has such a way of making you feel like you're right there in the story, experiencing it. That's how I felt from the first word to the last word, all the way though-out. Major props to her. And that's how I'll still feel if I happen to pick up the book tomorrow (which I probably will, I re-read it as many times as I can).To me, when I read this, each and every time, I dont just read it. I experience it, I experience the bond between Scout and Jem. I simply LOVED Calpurnia, and the bond that Scout and Jem have with thier father Atticus made me jealous, wishing I had been that close to my father growing up (I was, and am, very close to my Daddy but not like that). I loved how Harper Lee has such a way of writing that I really felt like I was right there in Maycomb, and still do to this very day.Bottom line, you haven't read it, you must- at least one time, to experience this Masterpiece of a story, of a southern town with unforgettable characters, which deserves every single ounce of Praise that it's recieved for years on end and will recieve on end, for years to come, I'm sure.5/5 Stars. Come on, could you really expect anything less?"
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)"
"Loved it!!!! We read it for my ENC1102 class and it's more than a great story. We analyzed the situations portrayed in the book, as the Great Depression, social class, racism, and more. It was a great experience, and it is a book everyone should read at least once in their life. Unlike common belief, this is not a book for under 15yo, because they do not have the background knowledge (history, social classes and life durin the Great Depression) to fully understand the story and critically analyze it."
"The book is the same size and materials as a cheap paperback.  It just has a hard back cover, hardly worth the $12.51 price.  It was listed as large print and it is not.  Do not waste your money on this format."
"As a mother who screens everything her 13-year-old daughter reads, I've shared with said daughter many, many newspaper articles that involve stories of persecution and discrimination based on everything under the sun: too light, too dark; tattoos, no tattoos; blond hair, ginger hair; short hair, Mohawk hair; too tall, too short; too fat, too thin - who really knows why people like or dislike someone on sight or through rumour?Of course, it is what they choose to do with their feelings that concerns most ""normal"" people - but there is no reading material, no newspaper article that conveys the harm a mob mentality can do as adequately as a good book. Todd Strasser's ""The Wave"" (previously reviewed) and Lee Harper's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" are two titles I cannot recommend enough to help generate discussion.For kids growing up in the 21st century, the 1930s and even 1960s are much, much further away than they were when we were growing up. What's changed since then, as far as blind prejudice and ""following the crowd""? Sadly, (here's where the newspaper articles come in) very little. Apparently, people just don't learn.So, with this 50th Anniversary edition of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", I request the book to be released on Kindle as well (""The Wave"" will only be available on Kindle in January 2013.) - and as soon as possible. Will more people read this classic because it's available on Kindle? Maybe if they think no one will see them reading it and judge them for it, they will. Said daughter's review follows:"" 'To Kill A Mockingbird' by Harper Lee is one of the best classics I have ever read - and I am proud to say that I have read quite a few.""The book begins when Scout Finch, aged six, and her old brother, Jem, aged ten, are playing in the summer of 1930. They live in the old, weary town of Maycomb, in Alabama, with the usual sorts of people who live in old, weary towns: the gossips, the religious folk, the old ladies who will bake you cakes and the old ladies who will yell at you whenever they see you - and then they have people like Scout and Jem's father, Atticus, and people like the Ewells.""Atticus, is a lawyer, and in Scout's (and my) opinion, the best one in the whole of Alabama.""The Ewells, on the other hand, are as bad as pigs in mud - the father drinks, the kids only turn up for three days of schooling during their whole entire lives, and they all cuss as bad as sailors.""But, for now, none of that really matters to Scout and Jem. They have other things, *important* things to worry about. Like their mysterious neighbor, and making sure the other kids know their place, and how their crazy old aunt wants to turn Scout into a lady.""Then, one day, one of the Ewells, nineteen-year-old Mayella, claims that a black man raped her - and Atticus is chosen to be the man's defendant.""Soon, Maycomb, Alabama, is in chaos - the man *is* innocent, everyone knows that, but with people being, well, *people*, sometimes the unfairness of life just has to get a little more unfair.""Even if it means the killing of an innocent man.""When I first saw this book in my local bookstore, I must have been about the same age as Scout, and I thought that people must be crazy to write a whole book about a *bird*. Now, reading it at the age Jem is at the end of the book, I realize, of course, that the book isn't about a mockingbird.""Yet, in a way, it is.""Sometimes birds get shot to set food on the table, or for fun, and sometimes men get convicted and shot to keep the peace, and to mollify another man's hurt pride. And either way, the result is the same: the unfair, unjust loss of life.""Of course, you argue, humans beings have *evolved*. We fought the Civil War, and World War 2, and all those other wars. Everyone is now as equal as they can possibly be, and everything's all good. But is it? Have we *really* changed at all? Do we stiffen when we see someone of a different race come walking towards us? When we read articles in the news, do we immediately think the person in the pictures is the bad person, convicted before his trial?""And almost everyday, I see in newspapers stories - stories about people being killed or wounded because of their skin tone.""Their race.""Their religion.""Because they are gay or lesbian, or like to wear skirts or clown outfits when it isn't Halloween.""Because they don't fit our idea of *normal*.""So you know what?""I believe that every single person on Planet Earth should read this book. They should *all* read this book and *think*.""And then, maybe we will all finally be truly equal."""
What can you say about this book that hasn't already been said? It's one of the greatest books in American history. Atticus Finch defines what men should be. Just terrific.
The book cover was just a little rough but other than that I'm looking forward to reading the book for the first time. Seen the movie several times. Thank you Amazon.
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird as a book assignment for my English III class. We broke the book down in chapters and would have an assignment of the chapters to read every class period. We read some in class and what we didn't finish in class was homework. After reading the book I can honestly say it is one of my favorite books. I absolutely loved it and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. It's easy to read and if you really think about it you understand it easily. At the very beginning of the book it started pretty slow. It was still interesting but it was more of a slow read. Then around chapters 4-6 I just wanted to keep reading. The rest of the book I couldn't put the book down. I wanted to keep reading ahead. When you start reading you imagine Maycomb to be a town where nothing can go wrong. It's just a small town that everyone loves everyone in. You soon realize its nothing like that. It's just like every town. It has people who don't like one another and you always seem to have that family in every town where they may not be as clean or educated like others and Maycomb is a prime example of how that happens in even the towns that are portrayed as a place where nothing can go wrong. The book was not only a book that gives you many life lessons to go off of but it also have a little mystery in it. The mystery of Boo was always lingering while you were reading. Where's Boo? Will we ever meet him? Are the rumors true about him? Those questions are always running through your head, even in chapters where Boo isn't mentioned. To Kill a Mockingbird gives you a good understanding of how racism was a big factor back in the day. Even if whites knew a black was a good person or well educated they would treat them as low as the dirt they walk on. Atticus shows that even though he is peerless he still has peers. He treats everyone as an equal, no matter what race or religion. He doesn't judge anyone. He makes sure he really knows a person before he treats them any differently and even then he will still treat you as an equal and as anyone else. One thing this novel taught me was that you can't judge someone until you know what they have been through. You have to step into their shoes and walk around in them before you really know what a person goes through and what makes them who they are. I think when everyone reads this they will understand that. When you read To Kill a Mockingbird you become attached to all of the characters. Everything that happens to them hits you deep. You become almost apart of them. You fear the things they fear and you want the things they want."
Everyone should have a copy of this book in their home. This edition is a beautiful reissue of the original.
"If only I had known prior to hitting that purchase button... Only wanted it for my son to read for a class and instead had to go out and buy the actual book. This was full of essays, while a great reference I didn't feel it was worth the money I spent on it. I wish I could get a refund......."
"I bought this book as a gift for some one who read a lot Harper Le,s book. I can tell you I am very happy with the very fast Delivery."
"I won't relate the plot of Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird as it is so iconic almost everyone knows at least a little bit of what it's about. If you've only seen the Robert Mulligan film, I beg you to read the book too. The film does a great job condensing the book into two hours while still showing respect for the author but of course every book is better than the movie because if you're a writer you can fill it with as many incedental characters (Aunt Alexandria, Caroline Fisher, Francis Hancock and John Hale to name a few.) and episodical stories as you like. (Jem tearing up Mrs. Dubose's flower garden, Maudie's house burning down and the visit at Aunt Alexandria's house.)The dialogue is intelligent (where else did you learn the word 'chiffarobe') and crackling with wit. The narration provides a richly detailed description of all the characters and the 1930's Southern culture. Lee creates a wide variety of moods--suspenseful, sad, cheerful, lighthearted, solemn, etc.) never slipping into melodramatic, sentimental, soap-opera slush and makes you feel like you are living in the story.Five Stars."
My daughter read this book for a summer program and loved the read. She could not put the book down.
"This book is awesome.  And as the years have gone by since its initial publication, nothing has changed.The story is still as relevant today as ever.  The characters are well-drawn.  The setting is pure southern Americana.To Kill a Mockingbird is part of the American literary canon.  It's a touching, sometimes funny, sometimes dramatic story that pulls you in from the first page.  It's a must-have addition for any library."
"The first time I read this, I was in the eighth grade. This reading set the tone for my beliefs for the rest of my life. Being a Marine brat, daughter of a career Marine, I was raised and lived with all races, creeds and colors and simply knew noprejudice against others. The closest I had ever come to knowing bias was the Navy and Marine Kids against the Army and AirForce Kids at different sporting events/schools. =)Needless to say, this widened my perspectives and views. I couldn't believe one people could or would treat others in this manner. This book afforded many oppening conversations and talks regarding prejudices and fears of the unknown, and personal acceptance of responsibilities and growth.The book to me was well written annd such a necessary tale to be told...we were moving into the mid/later part of the 20th century. It should be required reading in every school...starting as early as possible. Though most prejudice is not as open as it was, we as a people have a long way to go.Please, if you haven't read it, do and then pass it along to another. You may dislike the violence and the attitudes, but perhaps something more can be learned."
"This is the second time I am reading it. It is a book which I would recommend every 13 year old - adult to read. I would recommend it as a read-aloud, so that you can discuss it afterwards. It has mature thematics but in our century I have heard worse and much more descriptive.To Kill A Mockingbird addresses honesty, integrity, racism, loyalty, gossip and much more. The vocabulary is superb, and I used the dictionary for some of the words."
"Taking place in the Deep South during the 1930's, the story is told through the eyes of a young girl nicknamed Scout. Over the course of a few years, Scout, her brother Jem, and friend Dill grew from trying to draw out the town's mysterious citizen, Albert ""Boo"" Radley to learning the dark truth behind racism and hypocrisy.While being drawn into the anger of the townspeople at having her father defend a black man in court, Scout learns how great the weight on her father's shoulders was. The weight is shifted to Scout and Jem following the trial which brings about an unforeseen savior. From their experiences, she and her brother discover there's more to life than the simplicity of childhood and the pleasant covering their home town wears.A timeless classic, the underlying message in To Kill a Mockingbird is as apparent today as at any time in our history. If you get the chance, you should check out Mr. Lee's book. You may surprise yourself at how little some things have changed."
"Having read To Kill a Mockingbird MANY years ago --[ I think it's even been a long time since I saw the movie ]-- this summer I read the book again.  I was struck anew by what a fantastic story it is, and impressed even more with Harper Lee's amazing skill as a writer.  The Boo Radley subplot is brilliant, the characters are extremely well drawn, and the dialogue and descriptions are note-perfect.  And all of that stands beside the value of the book as a moral lesson.I also read The Help a couple of years ago, and reading Mockingbird this year revealed exactly how heavily Ms. Stockett was influenced by Ms. Lee and the legendary 1952 novel.  Stockett doesn't like comparisons because she doesn't feel her work is worthy to be put alongside the earlier book, but The Help almost moves beyond homage into imitation, in my opinion."
"I was very pleased with the condition of this product.  I have always wanted to read this book and was unable to find a version of it without a lot of extra commentary used by teachers.  By having this on CDs, I am reaping the benefits of ""reading"" the book.  Sissy Spacek has a wonderful voice that adds to the enjoyment of listening to the book.  I recommend this product for anybody that loves a great story."
"I've read the book before in high school, need it again for college courses. Book came in excellent condition, looks like new, and was received in a very good amount of time. Would buy from again."
"When Julie suggested this novel, I was apprehensively curious.  I hadn't read.  I know many people were required to read To Kill A Mockingbird in either grammar or high school.  I wasn't one of them.  I didn't know anything about it.  I thought Harper Lee was a man.  Yes, I was clueless.What strikes me the most about this novel is that I know every time I read it (and I will read it again), I will get something else from it.  This time I was moved by the flow of the story, by the courage it took Ms. Lee to write and publish it at one of the darkest times in US history.  I was moved by the inspiration she weaved into the pages, for her wisdom in human emotions and how truthfully she conveys them in black and white (no pun intended).  This novel is a gift to readers.Ms. Lee brings together a cast of character that reflects the time with stark honesty.  I loved Scout, she was full of moxie, spirit and truth.  Told from her point of view, she made me laugh out loud at times.  I loved Jem.  It was a joy and heartbreak watching him mature right before my eyes.  Atticus has such strength and peace.  He did what was right, what was fair.  He believed in justice and loved his children more than anything.  Miss Maudie was straight up ballsy.  She had class and was a force to be reckoned with.This novel is classic, it's perfect.  It's the kind of novel that everyone must read.  I'm ashamed it took me this long to read it.  And I'm happy Julie choose this novel.The final thing I will take away from To Kill A Mockingbird is what Atticus says about Mrs. Dubose.""I wanted you to see what real courage is....It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what.  You rarely win, but sometimes you do.""This novel is a winner."
My granddaughter needed this book for an english assignment. Started out slow for her but then she got into the book and really began to understand what it was about. The seller did good by sending it in time and in very good condition.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of those books that has become so much a part of the cultural landscape it's easy to forget you may not have actually read it. I did - but now I have.A classic of American literature Harper Lee's first and only published novel is  the story of small town 30's Alabama with all the `""Why ah jez seen Miss Polly down bah the riversahde""ness it implies.Progressively minded lawyer Atticus Finch defends a young black man who, as far as that time and place goes, was born guilty. The story is narrated by Finch's young daughter who with her older brother are the first to register the rancour of a community united in ignorance and qualified by fear. The story's real climax comes halfway through the book and for me subsequently fails to justify much of its continuation thereafter.Being published on the eve of affirmative action and the civil rights movement it's not difficult to appreciate the impact it had when it appeared on the best sellers lists of the early 60's - but to fully appreciate To Kill a Mockingbird's power and importance you feel you really had to have been there. Then again, the tune may have changed but the song remains the same."
"This is one of my all-time favorite books. It deals with many important issues, exposes the ugly ignorance of prejudice, the innocence of children and the influence adults have over them. Everyone should read it, especially children and even more so in an age where bullying and taunting is so prevalent. The writing is beautiful, the theme of tolerance is moving, and the relationship between Atticus Finch and his children both loving and entertaining. The book leaves its reader feeling good. Thoroughly recommend it."
This is a classic and is absoutely a must read. It is a very easy read and you will find yourself finishing it faster than you expected or wanted. PBS recently had a program on Harper Lee on American Masters that is worth your time also.
"The online reading group I belong to chose this book as a group read for June in the Classic category. I had read it many years ago when I was in high school but I doubt I had the appreciation of it that I have now reading it as an adult.It is both a coming of age story of a brother and sister and the engrossing tale of their father set in a small southern town. It is the story of a simple man who strives to do the right, if challenging, thing on a daily basis both in his home and as a citizen of his community. In doing so he must face the ignorance and bigotry of the times they live in.The novel is timeless and truly a classic."
"Liked this copy of the classic novel.There are enough differences that you can't get away with watching the movie and not reading the book. Besides, you would be doing yourself a great disservice not to read that amazing novel."
"Tom Robinson is accused of a crime he didn't commit and when Atticus Finch is assigned as his defense attorney the lawyer knows he has a difficult task ahead.  Atticus not only has the burden of proving Robinson's innocence, but of convincing a southern jury that they must see past the color of Tom's skin and realize an innocent man is an innocent man even if he is black.This book is an excellent example of well crafted American literature and should be in the library of any bibliophile.  Lee re-creates the feelings and attitudes of many southern states through the eyes of Scout, a female character that has been an inspiration to many girls.  Scout has an interesting perspective on the events of her town as she is both a child and raised by an open minded white-man in a time when being open-minded could get you killed.  Lee's descriptions and dialogue fit perfectly with the mindset of the girl as she grows and we see as unbiased a picture of the town and the people in it as possible to see.Lee's message is still relevant today and while this book has been labeled as one of the ""classics"", it is still something we can feel and see today although the prejudices have changed.  If you didn't have the benefit of reading this novel in high school you should pick it up know, to pass on this book is to pass on a piece of American history."
"I read this growing up knowing that Lincoln had made the emancipation declaration and thereafter I thought, all slaves had been freed after the Civil War. I didn't know that there was such as thing as 'racial-segregation'.It was in reading this book as a young girl that I realized then that racism did not end there. As a little girl I had seen Alex Haley's Roots and the rise of black power but I had no idea that Southern parts of the US did not move on with the times. To me we had Duke Ellington records, we loved Michael Jackson and Jimmy Hendrix and thought the rat pack with Sinatra and Sammy Davis Jr. as typical of modern America.Reading the America less known through Harper Lee's eyes as a little girl brought home to me a dark side I never knew. We were West Coast trans-continental immigrants who moved to lower middle-class multi-racial neighborhood and couldn't imagine the backward South.Having read it then opened my eyes and changed me and my outlook forever towards, race, justice and even childhood. I took those lessons with me that season and together with Graham Green's The Quiet American and Leon Uris' Exodus have since continued to expand my understanding of the world by traveling and sharing with other people.No one who has read this can ignore the increasing racism and radicalism prevalent wi America's right today and not be harkened back.As a measure, I am buying this book in French for my 15-year old daughter so she understands that once in America justice was not available for people of color. I want her to know that heroes come in all shapes and sizes and that it is principle that makes one.It could be the lawyer dad or the freakish son of the neighbors."
"This story points out racism in South America in the 1930s. It is related through the gullible eyes of an 8 year-old girl, Scout, who spends a lot of time with her brother Jem and a friend, exploring the world around them. They spy on their neighbour because they have never seen him outside and keep on imagining he is a ghost. This is the children's world, rather nice and funny.On the other hand, there is another world, more serious. The one of their father, Atticus Finch, a court-appointed lawyer who fights for a black man, unfairly charged with having raped a white girl. Atticus is a really good man; a model of integrity for nowadays' lawyers. That is why, when he get insulted because of the case, Scout can't help asking herself questions and trying to understand what he did wrong.We witness a trial, which implies facing all the social prejudices of the 1930s, narrated by a little child who realises that there is unfairness, good and evil. She is discovering the world, quite simply."
"It seems to me there is no better teacher in this life than fresh and honest simplicity. And where better to get a candid view of life - all its quirks, little joys, terrible meanness, and what is truly important - than through the eyes of an unworldly, but wise, child (Scout). But here lies the power in Harper Lee's mid-20th century story, To Kill a Mockingbird. In one sense it offers little more than some visits over a few years with Scout, her brother, Jem, and their father, Atticus - along with associated kinfolk, neighbors, and small town notables - but it gives to you the feeling that you haven't been alone in how and what you felt as a child, and what you knew and always will know was right and wrong; and the irreconcilable despair you felt and feel when you haven't much control over the bad things that happen.Scout's family is somewhat enigmatic; her mother has passed away, her father is a lawyer and elected state government representative, and she and her brother are both well read, intelligent, and sensitive. This lends some of the objectivity to the story as she witnesses and experiences ignorance and disdain for non-conformance. It also provides clarity and incisiveness in illuminating readers about the extent of discrimination - very pervasive and practiced during this time period - against the town's black people, and in particular, a black man accused of a crime who is being represented by Scout's father.Knocking around from her adventures in elementary school, summer playtimes in outdoors - where imagination was the roux of recipes for fun, excitement, and inevitably trouble - visits with neighbors, Q & A with her lawyer-father, her relationships with the townspeople, etc. - the perennially inquisitive Scout collects and analyzes information and tries to make sense of it all.Told through dialogue, observations, and reflections that embody the simple and mundane activities of day to day life in small-town Alabama during the depression, the story always seems lively and fresh with Scout's sense of humor, as she struggles to understand the world she lives in and the people who are part of it. The closeness, honesty, and love shared by her small family - always in their own way - warms you like a wood fire on a chilly night, and leaves you with a glow with which to remember it."
"I can't believe I hadn't read this book until now. Most people are assigned this book as high school reading, but I never was. Harper Lee's story is so sweet and is so worthy of all the accolaids it receives."
Liked this copy of the classic novel because it was hardback (which I prefer)but it was used/cheap which I like better!The story is classic and I read it 50 yrs. ago when it first came out.It's a great 'snapshot' of the south during the 30's and isesp. unique because Dad was a single parent.  Would recommend itto anyone over 12 if they really enjoy reading classic stories.Seller was excellent to deal with as well.
"How to make a great book even better?  Watch the Gregory Peck movie again for the first time in years, and then listen to Sissy Spacek do full justice to the novel with her magical performance.  Harper Lee, Peck, and Spacek, an artistic trifecta."
"This book can be rated highly if it is used for scholarly purposes. It is easy to read, with good intentions, but outdated."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel about growing up in Maycomb, Alabama in 1933.  Scout and Jem adore their father, Atticus, who is a lawyer.  Their mother has died and Calpurnia is their African American housemaid who cares for them most of the time.  They have a friend who visits each summer and the three of them have plans to get their reclusive neighbor Boo Radley out of his house.  Scout is a precocious narrator whose innocence leaps off the page.  Scout is a pants wearing, tree climbing, tough girl much to her aunt's chagrin.Around 1934, a black man is accused of raping a white girl.  Atticus Finch agrees to defend Tom Robinson in court even though he knows he is going to lose.  This is a hard lesson for Scout and Jem.  People call them names and start fights but Atticus is firm in the belief that you must fight for truth and what you believe in, no matter what.  The trial of Tom Robinson is convincing and like the children, the reader roots for the defendant.  As Scout and Jem lose their innocence and learn the world is not a fair place for all, the reader is reminded of history and injustice.To Kill a Mockingbird is historical fiction at its finest.  Maycomb, Alabama may be a fictional place but the reality of a southern small town, full of racist attitudes and a social class system that perpetuates a hatred of the lower class, is and was very much alive across America.  Lee has written a book about the loss of innocence children face as they grow up and discover the world is not equal.  To Kill a Mockingbird is at times, funny, poignant, and heart-breaking.  It is truly an American classic.To Kill a Mockingbird won the Pulitzer Prize in 1961.  It is the only book written and published by Harper Lee.  The book is currently read nationwide in schools.  However, I never read it in school or college.My son Max brought a copy of To Kill a Mockingbird home and said his English class was reading the book.  I was shocked that he was assigned this book as a 7th grader.  I read To Kill a Mockingbird about 20 years ago and decided it was the perfect time to reread it alongside my son.  Reading this book as a parent gave me a different perspective.  What age did you read To Kill a Mockingbird?  What is the right age or grade to assign To Kill a Mockingbird to students?"
"If you are only to read one classic book in your life, this is the one to read. Harper Lee beautifully describes life in Maycomb, Alabama and creates characters that jump off the pages. With the narration of Scout Finch, the novel has a childlike innocence, but still deals with serious topics. The idea that a story can be told through a child's eyes, stripping away all adult jadedness is remarkable and deserves all the praise it has been given.It is a must read for anyone who considers themselves well-versed in literature.I also suggest reading the book prior to seeing the movie, but both are great!"
"I have read the book about three times and have never gotten around to writing a review.  I guess it's about time.  The book takes place in Maycomb county, a small town in the 1930's.  Our narrator is Scout-an 8 year old living in a world of injustice, prejudice, and confusion.  The story seems very simple and technically it is.  However, it is a book with moral and meaning.  Many misadventures take place in the small town.  Mainly, the trial Scout's father decides to take on.  In it he decides to defend a black man in this judgmental community.  The book has a very controversial perspective.There's not much to be said about this classic that hasn't already been heard.  It really is a work of art that is truly an eye opener.This book means a lot to me and I know it does to others as well.  It literally is one of those books that can change someone's perspective or life.It's a book that I believe everyone should have a chance to read."
"In, To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, we see two parts with two problems that are developed over time. In Part 1, we see the setting of a ""sleepy Southern town,"" in this case, Maycomb County in the year 1935. This part talks about mainly Scout and Jem coping with the people that they do not particularly favor and trying to get along with them. There are three important characters that have major roles in this story. Scout is an eight year old girl who cares for her brother and father and is expected to grow up. Jem is the older brother of Scout and also copes with growing up. Atticus is the father of Jem and Scout and is a righteous man and lawyer. In Part 2, we see a real visible conflict in which there is a young, black man named Tom Robinson who is convicted of raping white Mayella Ewell, the son of Bob Ewell (who also has a relatively big part in this story). We also see the scene where Scout is at the school play and things start to unfold.The pace in this novel is not too slow and not too fast; events happen at a realistic pace. The characters in this story were likeable because you have the conflicting sides of good people and bad people. The good people in this story, such as Scout and Atticus, are troubled with the people who claim to be let's say innocent but nobody knows what to think. I think the theme of this novel is to respect the dignity that belongs to us all and/or respect those who may not seem respectable.I would recommend this classic novel to those who are looking for an example of human rights offenses and defenses and those who are looking for a fantastic and classic read."
This is not the cover I got. The one I rec'd was a.much older version and the type was much smaller than in the book shown (the version shown if the one my son had through school). Same story just harder to read.
"I really love this book.  It gave me a different look at prejudice and making assumptions about others.  I have read this book several times, and given it away as many."
"Best book I have ever read ...better than the movie exciting and more details, the book told us a lot about the south at that time ....if you havent read it you should ."
"I am 68 years old and I'm ashamed to admit that I've never read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD until now. I've read most of the great novelists (Dickens, Hemmingway, Maugham, Steinbeck, etc.) but TKAM just escaped me. For the record, this is one of the great novels of our time. It led directly to the civil rights movement and changed America forever. My advice: Don't wait until you are 68 to read it!  RMS"
"I've lived in the Deep South for all of my life and I've always heard about this story, ""To Kill A Mockingbird,"" by Harper Lee, a Monroeville native but have never read the book until I purchased tickets to go see the play within the next couple of weeks.I must say Mockingbird is a great read. It's one of those stories that when you start it you don't want to put it down. Harper Lee sets the tone of the times perfectly!!!"
"I just completed reading the 50th anniversary edition of this classic book, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", by Harper Lee. A mockingbird entertains the listeners by its pleasant songs often mimicking other birds. The title of this book roughly implies that it is always a crime to harm a person who has always been helpful to you. This subtle lesson for everyone's life has been effectively conveyed by Harper Lee through the eyes of a third grade girl child called 'Scout' Jean Louise Finch. The main protagonist of this novel being her father Atticus Finch. Though the novel is bit dated, it is a pleasurable read even today. Let us see why.The plot of the novel is based on the incidents in a county called Maycomb in the US. Widower Atticus Finch, an advocate by profession, lives with his two children - 'Scout' Jean Louise Finch and 'Jem' Jeremy Finch. They are accompanied in their house by a cook called Calpurnia, who is a Negro. Jem is elder to Scout and they have their neighbor Dill who accompanies them during vacations. Atticus defends a Negro called Tom, a married man, accused of raping a white woman. The girl's father Bob Ewell is a notorious trouble maker. The novel unfolds how the hierarchy in American society influences the lives of Atticus and his family.I really liked the character of Atticus as a father. Jem and Scout learn a lot of good habits from them and Atticus never loses his cool even when his children do some mischief like poking neighbor Boo Radley. The entire story's soul is Scout who is the narrator of all the incidents leading to the fracture of Jem's hand. Their affection towards Dill, a deprived child, moves you. The first person narration of Scout brings out the innocence evident in a kid of her age. Other characters like Tom Robinson, aunt Alexandra, and cook Calpurnia are all very realistic. Even the characters such as the neighbors of Scout, Bob Ewell, and Heck Tate keep the story more interesting.The only complaint about this novel may be that it stagnates at times on even minute details. But all the loose ends are tied and well knit towards the end making this novel a sort of thriller. It is an irony that Harper Lee never wrote another novel after writing this one. She might have surely felt that the expectations would be sky high from the readers after producing a timeless classic like ""To Kill a Mockingbird"". She might not have wanted to risk trying to exceed the perfect story telling evident throughout this novel. I liked this novel and strongly recommend to readers who enjoy English classics.This novel is really a must read as it educates one as how parents have to live by example to make better humans out of their children. It also exposes the disparity prevalent in societies across the world. There was incidentally an English film of the same name based on this novel. Gregory Peck won the best actor Academy award for portraying the role of Atticus Finch. There were two more Academy awards for this film that year. However, I feel the entire credit for the film must be attributed to Harper Lee. She was instrumental in delivering a masterpiece which may be classified as one of the best English novels ever written. This novel is an important addition to any one's bookshelf."
I waited 52 years to read this book. I should have waited 52 more. A real snoozefest. I don't see what all the fuss is about.
"Love having my own copy of the book .. I have reread it two times since receiving it .. I so much enjoy Harper Lee's writings .. "" To Kill a Mockingbird "" is one the best books ever written ..  I recommend purchasing your own ; especially if you are fan .."
"I ordered one, because my high school son had to read it over the summer. It was shipped quickly and he was able to finish it up in time. AND he said it wasn't that bad, actually pretty ""ok""."
"The fact that this is Harper Lee's only book, AND it is still sold and revered today, says it all."
Helped a lot to remember where things were read! Great tool! Really is a useful book to have on hand!
"A great lesson in tolerance.  Also refreshing to look back to a time when children could ""roam"" the neighborhood for hours on end and parents didn't have to worry about their safety.  Of course, there was also the dark side of intolerance--"
Had never read this classic by Harper Lee; perhaps her only book...provided good discussion by our senior book club.Excellent & speedy delivery of book.  Enjoyed it a lot.
"One of those required books from school that I avoided reading for years; I finally picked this up recently when different friends used references from the book and I had no idea what they were talking about. [Note: I haven't yet seen the classic movie either].  So, I went in fighting.  I was swept up nicely by the rhythm of Scout's narrative and her sharp impressions of people and surroundings.  An old soul, moulding into a younger version of Atticus.  The varying threads of the extended family, the central trial and its fallout, Dill, Boo Radley, Miss Maudie's fire, a rabid dog were all given a fair amount of time and the right amount of detail.  I especially was taken the inner workings between Scout, Jem & Atticus alongside Aunt Alexandra and Calpurnia.  I've read criticism's of the characters as one-dimensional - a criticism I don't agree with.  The main characters each are distinct and as everything is seen through the eyes of a young girl - receiving her impressions of the world around her is captured well.  Scout complicates the simple things and simplifies the complicated.  Once the book wrapped up - I re-read the first chapter and then the last chapter to close the story better in my mind (details at the open of chapter one that ties in with the book's close)."
"One of my all-time favorite books, I just realized I hadn't read it for many years but I couldn't find my copy.  So, I bought a new one.  It was delivered more quickly than I expected.  I was very pleased."
"When you have summer reading to do, there is no easier way to get it done than with a great bargain."
"A classic everyone should read. Well written, but sadly it accurately depicts the times. Growing up in a white southern culture, this book brings back a lot of haunting memories."
Everyone has probably seen the movie version of this movie starring Gregory Peck and i wanted to read the book. it was a million times better then the movie. scout is a much more like-able character and boo is much sadder i really loved it. you get to understand Atticus Finch's motives a little better for representing a black man in trial. and the trial scenes are so interesting. i really did love this book :)
"Arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I am very pleased!It was a gift for my mom, and she was thrilled to get it."
"The only thing special that I can tell about the 50th anniversary issue is the name, there aren't any extras. Great book but don't bother about the 50th anniversary issue."
"I read this many times over the years and then read it to my children. I am now buying it for them to read to their children, with its classic and timeless message; a message that is just as relevant today as it was 50 years ago. I bought several copies, this one the mass market paperback. My grandkids won't have trouble seeing it, but after getting used to reading on my Kindle, I don't think my ""old"" eyes can read mass market paperbacks anymore! It arrived the day after I ordered it from Amazon, in brand new condition.A timeless story for the ages told by the brilliant Harper Lee and winner of the Pulitzer Prize."
"I can't believe someone would actually resale this book . I realize it is used but it was highlighted, written on everywhere making it impossible to read the actual text. There were post it notes throughout the book and when I removed them the page was even worse."
"I know more than one person who considers To Kill a Mockingbird their favorite book. My friend Bob cherishes his first edition and speaks glowingly of the time when the author signed his copy. Ms. Lee, who grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, was a young child during the famous Scottsboro, Alabama Case (nine black men were accused of raping two white women). This apparently had a significant influence on her as she wrote the book in the late 1950's. It was published at the beginning of the Civil Rights Movement, won the Pulitzer Prize in 1961, and two years later was made into an Academy Award winning film with Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch.It's an endearing story told through the eyes of a nine year old girl, Scout, and it meant several things to me:It affirms that goodness ultimately overcomes evil, but always at a cost.It condemns racial prejudices--as well as the fear and prejudices directed toward the Boo Radley's of the world (who in the end becomes the protector and a symbol of goodness).Innocents can and do suffer from man's stupidity, e.g. Tom Robinson. The title is really about innocence, as Miss Maudie explains: "" Mockingbird's don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.""It reinforced a personal belief--that people are not basically good--a worldview leading to the assumption that everything bad a person does, is society's fault. I believe that people are born innocent and we grow up absorbing, learning, and understanding that good and evil are a part of us, if we ever grow up to maturity, that is. What Atticus Finch teaches his children is to understand that evil is a part of the world and we should treat people with empathy, as though we were ""walking in their shoes."" His understanding and treatment of crass old Mrs. Dubose was a lesson in patient understanding--her life was mixed with great courage yet she was openly racist, which Atticus abhorred. Like most, she was a person blended with both good and bad qualities of personality.I found it interesting that, in the end, the protection afforded by Boo Radley was built on a lie of what happened on that dark path from the school pageant to home. It raises unanswered questions....I read in an old magazine that Harper Lee lives half her time in New York and half in Alabama. She is no recluse--she can be seen in shops and restaurants--but she rarely gives interviews and most people wouldn't recognize her if they saw her. She has always lived a normal and comfortable life, not the life of a celebrity author. To Kill a Mockingbird is her only published book and one gets the sense that she doesn't really care--she said everything she had to say about life in her one great book. I think I would like this woman."
"The only reasons I gave this two stars is I like Atticus and Boo. The End. Otherwise this book was dull with mostly boring characters, the court scenes are the closest thing to entertainment in this book."
"When I was in high school, many of the English classes had this book as required reading.  For some reason, my English class did not cover this book in their curriculum.I read this book later in life (after college, etc.).  Harper Lee wrote a book that is not only interesting in its topic but her style of writing is concise- yet very clear and descriptive.  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a great book for anyone to read- but I wish I read this book when I was in high school (or even younger).  Why is that the case?  Because I got more appreciation of literature and have looked at other classics such as ""Intruder in the Dust"", ""Catch 22"", ""Catcher in the Rye"", etc.Reading and writing are skills that need to be refined and worked on regular- more so than computer skills.One book that is essential reading- ""To Kill A Mockingbird"".JR FelisildaAuthor of the book, ""Nanay: Lessons From a Mother"""
I got this book to read for a class assighnment. i love the book as in the story but the pages had been like riped apart from the others and were very frayed. they were cut crocked and shreaded at the viewable ends. it was very dissapointing to recieve a very good story in a horrifying package. i would reccomend this book but not from this page. i would go purchase it from a store so you know what condation it is in. i would expect better from a 50th anaversy edition. p.s excuse my spelling please. i don't take time to correct my mistakes
A must in classic literature.  This story is a wonderful tool in opening discussion on American history & tolerance as it pertains to our world today.  AND the Finch family and friends are a delight!!
"It's amazing to read a story like ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" and see how ""good white people"" treated ""Negros"".  No wonder there were race riots and protests.  It seemed like I was reading about a different country, not the good ole USA.  I know this was not a true story, but I'm sure it was based on what was going on all those decades ago.  How sad to see things like that happening; I'm glad things are different in 2012. CGR"
I first read this book a few years ago and ever since its been my favorite. I just purchased this book because it was a good deal for a hardcover copy. The book arrived in great condition and I can't wait to read it again
"""Maycomb, Alabama, a tired old town""; the author began the book To Kill a Mockingbird; a book to read and learn about. In the Beginning, a family of three, Atticus, the father, Jim, the son, and Scout, the daughter, they are just an ordinary family with a father that is a lawyer and is trying to defend a black man. Jim and Scout do many things during the book: they get in some arguments, play games they aren't supposed to, and go place they aren't allowed to go. The book is full of surprises that will make you want to keep reading.Atticus is a lawyer of a black man named Tom Robinson. Throughout the book there are things that involve racism towards black people. The have to fight through the racism to attempt to get his freedom. Tom was accused to take advantage of a girl named May Ella Ewell. The court will be tough to fight through; therefore, Atticus will have to do the best he can to give him his freedom.A lawyer/father would be hard to do, but Atticus shows that he is good at both. He spends time with his kids and still is a pretty good lawyer. At that time of being a lawyer, Jim and Scout find ways to get them into some trouble involving the Haunted Radley house where to killer, Boo Radley, lives and never comes out. The book will have many surprises and things that will confuse you. Without a doubt, the book will be on to read and talk about"
"I highly recommend this book to all people. Even though it is a book that it is required in most school district curriculums, To Kill a Mockingbird is very entertaining, and also has many benefits to society. Instead of getting the indecent values that the regular media tends to give on the radio, television, and the internet, this book will inspire people to be virtuous. Atticus Finch is the hero that children need. The youth of America will learn about being courageous, considerate, and most importantly candor. This will be a refreshing change when compared to Tiger Woods, and the members of Jersey Shore. Not only will this increase responsibility and virtue, but by reading a book instead of watching television, attention spans can be lengthened. This novel will entertain, it will inspire many, and it will provide a change. I thoroughly enjoyed reading To Kill a Mockingbird and would urge many of you to read it."
"This is one of those books that really makes society take a good, long look at itself.  When I was toward the end of high school I really got into 20th century history, specifically US, and was told to read this book.  The story centers around a black man wrongly accused of raping a white girl.  In the south (imagine that).  Of course, we all know what ""should have happened"" to him (I'm not saying it's right, rather that was the normal course of action then.  History is history, it cannot be changed no matter how awful it is.), and have him sent away to prison for the rest of his life, if not worse.  This is where the story takes a twist.  A determined defense lawyer steps up and takes the case, and do what's right.  He is ridiculed, harrassed and threatened, but remains steadfast in his role of defender of the innocent.The only disappointing thing about this novel is that it's Harper Lee's only novel.  The writing is wonderful and the story is brilliant.  We may never know why she only wrote this one novel, but she did a damn good job it."
"I bought the audible.com 50th anniversary edition, believing it was the actual book - it is actually interviews of praise for the book. I should have read more closely, but I feel like I was mislead."
"""You have exactly two weeks to read this book and return a book report.""My ninth grade teacher pushed oversized glasses up her nose as she spoke. Her black hair was piled in a loose bun on the top of her head. The knot swayed back and forth, and I could see grey roots at her temples. I opened the frayed cover. To Kill a Mockingbird. I read it in three days.I never finished an entire chapter book before. I didn't know books told stories, thought they just rained parables full of words hard as hail I would never understand. I drew charcoal portraits of the characters, wrote an original play about Scout's adventures in my own hometown, laboriously typed it up on my Gramma's Underwood. The morning it was due I found a million saliva-coated pieces strewn across the kitchen floor. The family dog gave me an apologetic glance.I told my teacher, could barely get the words past the lump in the throat. She didn't believe me. She gave me an ""F."" As she spoke, I watched her morph into old dying Mrs. Dubose, my chewed pages the soft waxy petals and torn leaves of a ruined camellia bush. I squinted through tears, my hands on hips just like Scout. That's when I figured adults were cynical and tired, that they didn't stop to hear the expression of your eyes. I did the only thing Scout would do. I stole that dog-eared hardcover school edition and called it my own.Four years later, I became some kind of Boo Radley - Mayella hybrid, pregnant, the victim of violent rape, a girl on the run. I stood in line at Employment Assistance day after day, filled out form after form, met with pasty-faced placement officers and nothing, just nothing happened. I walked parking lots looking for spare pennies, enough to buy a loaf of cheap bread. Women with money passed me, didn't see my hollow cheeks, didn't notice the only dirty maternity shirt I owned. I lay in bed each night, musty book against growing belly and prayed to a fading God to give me the steady wisdom of Atticus.What I want to do now is slice my body in half so that you can peer inside, look at my guts and heart and frontal lobes and see what this book meant to me. It was everything, because it carried me through that pregnancy, sat beside me as I signed my newborn girl over to the state, held my hand during bad choices and man problems and kid emergencies and work traumas. I've lived a hundred thousand lives in the thirty years since I stole that book, wear Calpurnia's apron as I cook dinner, watch my own young boys steal Jem's defiance, Scout's tree-climbing joy, Dill's imagination.Tonight I sit in a parking lot stealing wifi from a chain hotel. My mom waits in an Albuquerque hospital bed for blood clot surgery. The Book hides in my purse, every page splattered with pizza, with tears, with rock scrabble memory. I know just what scene I'll read as they wheel Mom to meet the surgeon. I'll open to the day Scout finally meets the darkness, the evening she sits in white light silence next to Boo Radley. My Mom will meet her fears as they drive the sleep needle into her arm. As for me, I meet my fears every damn day. But thanks to Harper Lee, I'm never alone."
"October 22, 2011Without exaggeration, this must be my 20th reading of this classic of American Literature. It never fails to move me and inspire me and educate me. I find something ""new"" - or at least new to me - virtually every time I read it.This time I paid closer attention to some of the minor characters, especially the women - Calpurnia, Aunt Alexandra, Helen Robinson, Mrs Merriweather, Lula, Miss Maudie, Mrs Dubose, Miss Caroline, and Mayella Ewell. I was struck by what a wide range of personalities, strengths, weaknesses, and ethics Lee was able to express using just these minor characters (some appearing for only a page or two) living in a small town.Many people feel this is a book about racism. I don't think that is the core theme of this book, though it is the central plot device Lee uses. I think the major theme of the book is personal integrity and courage - doing what you know is right when all about you seemingly disagree and even when it may be dangerous to do so, being true to your own moral compass, and instilling those values in your children by example not just words.In 2010 I listened to the audio book, performed by Academy-Award-winning actress Sissy Spacek. She does an admirable job, though her accent is wrong. She is a Texan, and the Southern Alabama accent is softer than her twang. Still, by the 2nd disc I had stopped noticing this, and allowed myself to be carried into the story by her expert reading."
I lost her book that she's had since she was in eighth grade and felt really bad so I purchased this edition and she appreciated it very much.  I don't know if she's opened it but hopefully it'll make up for the lose.
I purchased this book after going to three different stores that said they had the book. I bought it for my son who needed it for a school project. The book arrived a day before his deadline to have it. The local library did not have it. Thanks so much to the former owner and Amazon.
"Like most Americans, I was first introduced to Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" as a high school student. At the time, I had no idea what it was about, nor could I have ever imagined how much this book would come to mean to me. Like other classics of literature, it is still as resonant today as ever.The plot is fairly well-known, but if you aren't aware of it, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a coming-of-age story. Scout Finch is a young girl growing up in a small Alabama town during the Great Depression. She spends much of her free time playing with her older brother, Jem, and, during the summer, a neighbor's nephew, Dill. One summer day the three children get the idea to try and get a reclusive neighbor, Boo Radley, to come outside. It becomes a near-obsession for them, but despite their best efforts, Boo remains unseen.The Finch children are raised by their father, Atticus, a widower and a prominent lawyer in the town. He's an unconventional parent at best; his children call him by his first name, and he doesn't seem as concerned with appearances as other parents. However, he is trying to instill in Scout and Jem a sense of honesty and integrity, and this becomes evident when he is assigned to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a white woman.Though many educators (my high school English teacher included) have focused on the racism aspect of the story, upon re-reading it many times since, I don't think that is the main focus of the novel. Yes, it is a huge part, but it's almost the backdrop for the events contained therein. This is a story of that moment where the innocence of childhood is lost. It's about the realization that the world is a complicated, sometimes ugly, place. Adults are not infallible, and parents are not granted superpowers. Courage can take curious forms, and those who may seem to be dull can actually be the heroes of a town. Life exists not in simple black and white, but in varying shades of gray. And not every decision that is made by society is necessarily a good one.Fifty years after its original publication, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is as heartwarming and heartbreaking as ever. And that's the mark of a truly classic novel."
"This is a great book - if you've already read it, then you know it and just want to know about the product itself; if you haven't read it, I am not going to write a summary of the book like other reviewers do (you can read their reviews for that, or Wikipedia it to find out the plot).The book is hardcover with a dust jacket cover (as shown).  The dust jacket is made of glossy photo quality, heavy-duty cardstock paper, with the printing embossed; the actual cover itself is just a plain fabric cover.  The book is about the size of a DVD case.  The font is a good normal size, I would say the text is about the same size as this review.  Book is made of thread binding, so it's sturdy.Came within a week with Free Super Saving Shipping.  Book arrived brand new, nothing was damaged during shipping."
"I have spent a lifetime avoiding reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" The idea of a novel told from the perspective of a child was not appealing, and every time I would pick it up to read it I'd be repelled by back-cover blurbs hailing it a ""masterpiece of American literature,"" an ""unforgettable novel of childhood"" that ""takes readers to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, love and hatred, humor and pathos."" Something about the endless encomiums in lieu of an actual plot description made me suspicious. I was thinking, ""Yes, it won the Pulitzer, I'm sure that it's well-written, blah blah blah...but it's probably really boring.""I'm here to tell you that it's not boring at all. To me, the great surprise of reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was the discovery that it is a fast-paced and exciting story. The action takes place in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, during The Great Depression. The narrator is a young girl named Scout, a tomboy who spends much of her time beating other kids up. There are two plots, really. The first, a mystery of sorts, centers upon the neighborhood recluse, Boo Radley, whom hardly anyone has seen since he committed a violent crime against his father as a young man. The second plot follows the story of a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a local white woman. Scout's father, Atticus, is the town's lawyer and has been appointed by the court to defend Tom. In a small, Southern, racist town, Atticus's willingness to serve as Tom's attorney and his obvious desire to defend his client to the best of his ability doesn't go over well with Maycomb's white residents. This second plot (breathlessly described by the book's back cover as ""the crisis of conscience that rocked a sleepy Southern town"") easily could have followed a predictable trajectory. I was ready for the pat ending in which all of the loose ends are tied up and everybody goes home happy and all the of the racists realize that they were wrong. The author, Harper Lee, doesn't stoop to this. ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" doesn't offer easy answers. The reason why this novel is a classic is because it recognizes the complexity of human character as it addresses fundamental issues of right and wrong, but it does so in such a way that the reader isn't aware of being carried ""to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, etc."" The reader is just thinking, ""This is some damn good storytelling.""The characters seem real for good reason. The character of Dill is based upon Harper Lee's childhood neighbor, Truman Capote. I just learned from Wikipedia that Lee's father was an attorney who defended two black men accused of murder. Intriguingly, ""down the street from the Lees lived a family whose house was always boarded up; they served as the models for the fictional Radleys. The son of the family got into some legal trouble and the father kept him at home for 24 years out of shame.""This is a great book."
"Beautifully written.  The expression of the dialect of the children, combined with the adult narration is brilliant.  The characters are wonderfully deep and believable, so much that I felt personally connected to the story.  Very engaging and thought provoking plot.  One of my favorite books ever."
"Scout is a young girl in the racist southern part of the United States.  She, her brother, and their friend get into mischief, trouble, and have fun.  But even as they continue to play games for kids, the town they live in is going crazy over a court case--a case in which Atticus Finch, Scout's dad, is on the side that most people disagree with.  The case is relatively basic: a black man is accused of taking advantage of a white girl.  It is obvious that the black man is innocent.  But the racism that is rampant in the town is against him, simply because of his skin color.  Scout watches the trial unfold through the eyes of a child who doesn't completely understand what is happening.Another aspect of the story is Scout's relationship with her dad.  She often doesn't like him that much: he is older and won't play baseball or do anything else that other dad's do with their kids.  But slowly, Scout's perspective of her father--and of the world--begin to change.This is a wonderful read for anyone looking for an interesting story, a story showing the two racism that was obvious in the south 70 years ago, and of a marvelous coming-of-age read."
Book is as described and came promptly.Book in near perfect condition.Thank you for a nice transaction!Satisfied customer.
"This product's description misleads one to expect a higher quality paper and binding than received.  This is a ""pocketbook"" with high-acid paper and glue binding, then a pasteboard-type cover added.  It is offered as a ""school & library binding edition.""  Not!"
"I just reread this as an adult and parent now living in the Deep South. It is so profound. I was inspired to do so upon seeing  the bumper sticker ""What would Atticus do?"" While I am glad that this book has remained on the required reading list at many American middle and high schools, don't miss reading it as a adult. You will realize just what an amazing person Atticus Finch really was."
"I was born in 1976 and found out all of a sudden that some of the movies I like are movies that were viewed by my father who was born in 1945.  That is close to 30 years difference.  But I thought I would try classic movies and picked the good old classic To Kill A Mocking Bird for my first one and was more then overly satisfied with my choice.  Which is why teachers have students read the novel in school, Because it teaches you a good lesson for growing up.  And the classics were great for teaching you all about love, and all about life's rights and wrongs.  And To Kill A Mockingbird is a great movie to watch for all ages to learn, enjoy, and entertain.  I would recommend it to bye including all types of movies."
"There's a reason this book is considered a classic.The author manages to capture the time period perfectly and I was extremely impressed that she did it was honestly, and held nothing back no matter how ugly it read.This one's a keeper!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird written by Harper Lee and published by J. B. Lippincott is a southern drama novel that has captured many peoples hearts over the past 50 years. Scout Finch, a trouble making tomboy, narrates the story. She tells about her childhood with her Brother, Jem Finch, and the many negative influences during that time period. The story didn't have a very strong main plot, rather many different sub plots. These include the story of Boo Radley, a man who is judged to be insane and never leaves his house, and also their father, Atticus', court case of Tom Robinson, who is a black man accused of raping a young white girl.To Kill A Mockingbird has many themes. One of these being the truth about social class. Social class is not always a good thing. It prevents many people from getting jobs, education, food, housing and more. Social class can be determined by race, age, sex, sexual orientation, and the simple factor of where you came from. In To Kill A Mockingbird Lee demonstrates the racism that took place in the 1930's that lead to Tom Robinson being accused of rape.  ""There's something in our world that makes men lose their heads- they couldn't be fair if they tried. In our courts, when it's a white man's word against a black man's word, the white always wins. They're ugly, but these are the facts of life"" (Lee 252). Atticus gives this speech to Jem and Scout in attempt to show them how much racism is not only in their town, but in their world. He says this trying to tell them that he most likely will not win the court case for Robinsion since in theory a white man always wins against a black man, despite how ridiculous the story the opposing side is preaching.It also shows what isolation and loneliness can do to a person. It can often lead to depression, antisocial behavior, poor decision making, increase in stress levels, and other such things. If the loneliness has gone so far that you isolate yourself in your house, then people will think strangely of you. The novel shows several rumors against Boo Radley, such as the rumor that he peeks through peoples windows at night (Lee 9). This and other rumors cause Boo Radley to not come out of his house, which, of course, leads to more rumors about him. This is witnessed to be a cycle of rumors towards Radley which of course results in Radley isolating himself in his house which causes the cycle to repeat.  The novel shows the transitions that children go through from being innocent and unknowing to experiencing evil in the world and becoming adults. Everyone goes through these changes at some point during their childhood and this novel states it well. Scout was completely child like and unknowing at the beginning of the book until she experienced the evils of the world such as racism during Tom Robinson's case. I found this book to be interesting due to the themes it demonstrates. The idea of transitioning from a child to adult,  the demonstration of racism, and the effects of isolation and lonliness was fairly interesting and extremely true. Although this book is fiction there were some key elements that made it almost seem realistic such as the themes I listed. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a book that is simple at one glance but once you dig deeper there is much more. Harper Lee did a wonderful job at creating this novel and the themes in it.Once I finished the book I took time to think through all of the thought that the author put into it. It wasn't a novel like Harry Potter, exciting and adventurous, but it did have a lot of hidden meaning. There were times I would get bored of it, but there were key elements that seemed to catch my interest again. I am glad that I picked up this book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee was an absolutely wonderful book.  Set in the 1930s, it is written from the point of view of a young girl, the daughter of defense lawyer Atticus Finch.  As his daughter, she is exposed to the case of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of beating and sexually assaulting a white girl.  Atticus is determined to defend this man, though it goes against everything that most of the people in their little town in Alabama believe.  To Kill a Mockingbird tells the story of this girl's upbringing in the small town, and the moral crisis that shook it to its very core.  The themes of this book - for there are more than one theme - are diverse and complex.  The easiest to find is the theme of growing up and understanding the `grown up' world.  As the children see the case unfold, and hear the verdict, they face the realities of the 1930s.  The deeper message, however, is told in part by the title - it is a sin to kill a mockingbird.  One character explained this perfectly when she said, ""Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy...that's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.""  Throughout the book, there are metaphorical mockingbirds, Tom Robinson being the most obvious.  These people have brought nothing but goodness to the world, yet are persecuted, or ""killed"" by the society they are trapped within.  To Kill a Mockingbird shows how it sometimes takes an innocent child to make the world see the crimson sins that stain its darkest parts.  This heart-touching book is filled with amusement, adventures, and - above all - a message of compassion and morality."
"I bought this book because I had downloaded ""Hey, Boo..."" which discusses the story in detail.  Except I realized that, even though I am intimately familiar with the movie, characters and plot details are discussed with which I am unfamiliar.  Then it occurred to me -- I had never read the book.  I wanted to download it to my ipod or Kindle -- no such luck. Which is my only complaint.  So, when my desire to read the book overcame my need for a high tech version, I bought the book.  At least the publisher is accomodating enough to produce a large print version.  BTW, enjoyed every word."
"The book was in good condition, the only problem that I had was that the cover of the book in the picture did not match the actual book. That threw me off a bit and I was a little disappointed about that. The book was in good condition so overall I would say I was satisfied."
I bought this as a gift for a good friend who loves this book.  I re-read the book and have decided I would like this product as well.  My friend is very happy with the gift.  She has listened to the book several times since I gave it to her.  Thank you so much for the nice packaging and quick shipment.
"Not only did I have to read this book in high school (way back in 2002 during my sophomore year), but since then I sometimes goes back to it to read certain parts once in a blue moon. Even if that means just hitting up the CliffNotes version, I still go back to this book. I even own the movie on DVD and have seen my own cousins perform this play at her high school about 4 1/2 years ago.This book may not be for everyone. One reason is because of the pace. I don't mind a book that goes slow as long as the writing is modernized a little and the plot makes some kind of sense by the end of the story. Oh and as long as there is no greek tragedy sequence that makes me want to poke my own eyes out and ring my own brain through some bleach to get the images out of my head (MacBeth! YIKES! lol) than I'm willing to read some of the classics.Beyond the main theme of acceptance, the book was written in a time when racial segregation was still happening in the deep south. Black people couldn't use anything a white person used in public and so many other horrible things Jim Crowe Law's did to any black person was a horrible reminded of our nation. But this book makes you believe in justice and the heart of the story that comes to fruition from some of the characters.All in all, this book is a treasured piece in my library. My own children someday will be reading this book. I'm hoping before they get to high school so that they can have a better understanding of life in general and learn to accept everyone for who they are and not what they are... which is the message of the story as well."
"I was driving home from New Orleans, beginning to get very sleepy, stopped at a chain bookstore close to the interstate and found this little treasure.  If there is such a thing as ""the perfect reader"" Sissy Spacek certainly qualifies.  It is perfection!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a terrific book for many reasons such as, an engaging plot, complex themes, and developed characters. Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch lives in Maycomb County, Alabama with her older brother, Jem, and her father, Atticus. Their family is laid-back which leaves Scout and Jem to entertain themselves with innocent games. However, their lives change dramatically one summer, when father is assigned to defend a black man in a controversial case. Suddenly, Scout is verbally and physically attacked by many kids at school, and contrary to her tomboy personality, her father tells her she cannot fight back. While Jem and Scout start out the book believing that their town and neighbors are all good and kind people, they are transformed by the injustice and racism displayed the their father's case.Atticus's case, involving the unfair accusation of black man - Tom Robinson, sparks the idea of lost innocence in the novel. The children's innocent perspectives on the world around them are corrupted by the harsh ideas they are exposed to in their town. Although Scout's innocence was saved by her outspoken and tomboy personality it is also the aspect of her personality that gets her in the most trouble at home. On the other hand, Jem is traumatized by the injustices thrown onto Tom Robinson - the black man unfairly accused of rape even though his calm demeanor is praised by his family. Scout's experience with school is another way the theme of lost innocence is shown in To Kill a Mockingbird. Her teachers can't or choose not to understand her, which only increases her stubbornness, but she does understand their teaching, she is only more taken aback by the cruelty in her world. Each time the children are exposed to injustice and ignorance, more of their child-like innocence is taken from them and they are forced to grow up faster. This theme is one of the main reasons this book captures my attention. This theme displays the delicacy of children's minds, and how easily they can be molded, as well show the horrible effects of racism on everyone - not only the victim.I loved this book for reasons beyond just the plot, and would recommend this book to anyone who has read and enjoyed Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry by Mildred D. Taylor, or Let the Circle Be Unbroken. All three of these books share a similar plot line and Scout is similar to the main characters in both of these books. This book is also a great example of a classic, so anyone who is interested in the classics should try reading this book. To Kill a Mockingbird is the perfect coming of age story - because it shows the benefits and the cons of growing up. In addition, this book is easily readable because of the engaging plot, but there are also other layers of the book deeper than just the plot. I loved reading To Kill a Mockingbird, and I know that people even years from now will enjoy reading the story of Scout Finch."
"One of the great classics.  The movie version is extremely good but nothing beats reading a classic novel with prfound substance, written beautifully. Who wouldn't love Scout and her innocence to see things as they are and speak of it...nor her father Atticus...a tower of strength and moral courage in a time of great and open prejudice toward our fellow man.  The humor is warm.  The seriousness of predjudice is unsettling and real.  The outcome though sad for Tom and his family, is tender and sweet for Bo. Read the book and be transformed back in time...when rolling about in an old rubber tire brought more simple fun than the overwhelming complexities of today's all absorbing electronic entertainment that our children are drawn into.  Simple and less really is best."
Got the book on with speed and efficiency. Good quality with the money well worth it. Nothing much to really ask for!
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a novel about race, class, and coming of age in 1930's Alabama. The novel's protagonist is a young girl named Scout who lives with her father,  a lawyer named Atticus, and her older brother, named Jem. The beginning of the novel depicts an entire culture through the lens of a single year narrated by Scout. Scout spends the summer playing with her brother and her friend Dill, a short, smart, stubborn boy who leads the children into an investigation of the town's biggest mystery: the Radleys. The Radleys are Scout's reclusive neighbors, and according to the legend surrounding them, their son Arthur Radley, known as ""Boo,"" has been locked up in their house for many years after stabbing his father in the leg. In the first part of the book the children try everything they can to lure Boo out of the Radley's home. Later in the book, Scout's father agrees to defend a black man accused of raping a young white woman. The case causes a controversy in the town and Scout is heckled in school for being the daughter of a man unusual enough to take on the role of defending an African-American. Despite Atticus's strong showing in court the jury's racism leads them to reach a guilty verdict. The novel ends with Scout finally understanding her father's advice to ""always put yourself in somebody else's skin and walk around in it"" before judging a situation.  The novel's main strength is the way it convincingly conjures the life of a small southern town. As a reader you feel like you're part of the community. For example, during the court case you feel proud of Atticus, as if he were your own father. When Atticus, in his closing argument, tells the jury that the case is ""as simple as black and white,"" you feel the force and moral clarity of his perspective. On the other hand, the novel's ending is frustrating. As a reader you would like the author to leave the ending as more of a mystery. Instead Lee wraps up all the loose ends in a rushed and unsatisfying way. We are told that Scout never sees Arthur again with no explanation. It would have been more satisfying if Lee had either left the story open-ended or had gone on for another fifty pages detailing each character's future. Overall I give this book nine-stars out of ten.By Alba"
I ordered this for my daughter because they are reading this in school.  She had been home with the flu and the book came like two days after I ordered it!! Looks amazing and delivery was quick!!!
"One of those classic pieces of literature that I just finally got around to reading, `To Kill a Mockingbird' is everything people say it is and more.  Yes, hype and praise and accolades and, well, the undying respect for this novel is more than well deserved.  I'm just ashamed that it has taken me this long to finally read it.  Harper Lee's highly recognizable story is one that completely grabs you from its opening and keeps you in its grasp until the very end.  This is coming from someone who has seen the movie multiple times and has even seen it performed in live theater.  I know this story inside and out and I was STILL completely engulfed in the novel; every sentence strung along to perfection.The prose may seem rather simple on the outset, but it is the morality play between the lines that really ignites this fantastic slice of American literature.`To Kill a Mockingbird' tells the story of Scout Finch.  Scout is a precocious little girl with a big heart and a big imagination.  She lives with her father, an older lawyer named Atticus, and her older brother Jem.  Living in Maycomb, Alabama during the 30's, Scout and her family saw their fair share of injustice, especially when race was concerned.  Atticus was a fair man, and he was determined to keep his children noble and moral individuals.  He encouraged diversity and refused to allow his children to express any form or prejudice, whether it be racial or social.  The story basically revolves around two specific events, or circumstances.  The most notable would be the trial of a black man accused of raping a white woman.  Atticus is appointed as the young man's lawyer, and it is apparent to most that the man is innocent.  The second, and possibly the most powerful, is that concerning a man by the name of Arthur Radley.  Arthur, known as Boo by the neighborhood children, is a recluse who is never seen, but who has been immortalized by the stories, rumors, that have been concocted by the children in order to insight terror into the hearts of others.  The children make attempts at trespassing onto his property for the mere thrill of it, concluding that Boo is either savagely crazed or bitterly abused; or both.  Throughout the story, while focus lay heavily on the trial, one's attention is brought to that of Arthur Radley quite often, as small details about his true persona are revealed gradually, until the dramatic conclusion.`To Kill a Mockingbird' is a flawless essay on the power of racism and the strength it takes to combat it.  As shown by Lee's impeccably detailed story, prejudice is never limited and it is a fault that many, possibly all, can become caught up in without even being aware.  Injustice is unavoidable in this world because selfishness is far from being rooted out of man, but through the eyes of a child, Lee was able to bring these matters to a light that is alarming and effectively moving.Key to the novel's success is the way in which it is richly detailed.  Each character feels real and authentic, and their actions are all mapped out with precise motivations and consequences.  You can feel as though you know these people inside and out; and yet Lee never writes in a way that feels wordy or `heavy'.  The pages blow by as one becomes engulfed in every word, and it takes great skill to make something so emotionally weighty feel so light.At the end of the day, most of us know that racism is wrong.  What Harper Lee addresses is far deeper than that though.  Lee brilliantly uses the voice of a child, the voice of innocence, to expose the preposterous attitudes that surround racism.  Lee shines a light on the childish nature of racism and the illogical stance many made in its defense.So, not only is racism wrong, but it's also very stupid."
"Unlike many others, I was not introduced to this book through my high school required reading curriculum. This book came highly recommended by a friend of mine, and looking down my Goodreads friends list, everyone has rated it 5 stars. And now I know why.At first, I wasn't enjoying it. I found it hard to get into. I couldn't relate to the culture (temporally or geographically), and was having a bit of difficulty translating the ""Southern"" dialect. But, I soon overcame those obstacles, and then I couldn't put it down.This entire story is told through the eyes of a child, and I think that's part of what makes it so captivating. This is a child who is raised by a single father and an older brother, and she begins the story in innocence, climbing trees and playing in the mud and catching bugs. Over the course of about a year, she starts school, and her father (a lawyer) takes a case to defend a black man who is falsely accused of raping a white woman. The other white people in her little town, even though they are ""reasonable folks,"" do not approve, and she and her family are subjected to the insults, alienation, and threats that accompany racism.Sometimes, we don't realize how ridiculous something truly is until we see it through innocent eyes. The children witness the entire case from start to finish, and are traumatized by the behavior of the people around them. These are people they have known all of their lives -- why are they suddenly losing their minds over skin color?One of the most moving parts of the story, to me, is when the little girl's teacher is talking about Hitler's persecution of the Jews... and she readily makes the connection to the white people's persecution of the black people. It is in moments like these that children are forced to grow up and see the world for what it is.Even though this story is rather bittersweet, it is beautifully told. It is a story of class warfare, social injustice, and being called upon to do the right thing, even when it seems like the whole world is against you."
"I absolutely love this classic book. I believe it is one that everyone should read at least a dozen times! I read it first in high school and it didn't occur to me then how truly amazing this story is. Scout is fun and so easy to love! If was a child in their town during this time, I would have wanted to be her best friend!"
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is used symbolically at two times in the book. The first time we find out ""it is a sin to kill a mockingbird."" This is part of the culture that existed in this small, depression era southern town.  Many people lived by truisms, many of which were not good.  The second time it is used, it is too close to the end to mention.Atticus, the town lawyer,  is understanding  to the truisms, but lives by his own code, one that is far more honorable than we can imagine.  The story is told in first person by Scout, the daughter of Atticus.  Like the popular movie, ""Christmas Story"" the narration, although done by a child, it is not child-like.We grow up together with Scout and her older brother Jem over a period of three years.  We get to know their neighbors. While the characters are memorable,  they are nowhere near the quirky level of modern day characters.  Except, for Atticus, the characters are very realistic. Atticus is exceeding patient  and understanding. At one point he tells his children it is wrong to ""hate Hitler."" He accepts people as they are with all their faults, even those who threaten him.  Gandhi could have taken lessons from him.While the book centers around Scout and Jem, it runs with a semi-subplot as two life events occupy their young lives.  The first is their fascination with a shut-in neighbor, Boo Radley.  They take to wild speculation about him and have a desire just to see the legendary man. The second event is the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of rape by a white woman. Atticus defends him to the dismay and even hatred of many of the town folks.Race relations is part of the story. Much of the hard hitting aspects of the injustices are overshadowed by the rest of the story. There is frequent ""N"" word use that is both derogatory and non- derogatory , as it was in that era.The book has its message as it compares Hitler to America, when it states: ""Over here we don't believe in persecuting anybody. Persecution comes from people who are prejudice."" While clearly the book has a race relations theme, I couldn't help by think about the current class warfare being waged when I hear Scout define democracy in her father's words: ""Equal rights for all. Special privileges for none.""In some ways it was a prequel to ""The Help,"" but not hardly the tear-jerker. An easy read."
"Widely regarded as a true American classic, I somehow avoided exposure to this novel during my educational years and have only a vague remembrance of seeing Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch in the film version.  Only recently did I come into possession of a paperback copy of the book.Having completed it, I can say that by far its highest significance lay in its timing and the subject matter it tackled.  In my opinion, not only is the writing itself not noteworthy, but the dialogue is so exaggerated as to be almost satirical.  Being from south Arkansas, I'm familiar with southern dialect.  The extremes to which the author goes to convert the ordinary English language into pidgin ""Southspeak"" are wildly excessive.  In addition, there are several instances of dialogue attributed to minor children that are extremely unrealistic and age inappropriate.In reviewing this work, I find myself in the same predicament I faced when reviewing William Gibson's classic science fiction novel Neuromancer.  Written at the cusp of the technological revolution, Gibson's novel is startling in its prescience and cutting edge subject matter.  Read 20 years later, however, it necessarily suffers, having lost its novelty in the face of actual events.  It is nonetheless a monumental work.  Likewise, read 50 years ago at the dawn of the Civil Rights movement, this novel would be ""cutting edge"" and an actual force for change, despite its faults.  Neuromancer and To Kill a Mockingbird lessen with age, one as a result of technological advances and the other, societal and cultural changes.While unquestionably groundbreaking and controversial at the time of its release, read 50 years later, these strengths and positive attributes fail to compensate for what becomes, by its conclusion, enormously irritating dialogue.  My rating is a reflection of the current reading experience and not any indication of the significance of the novel at the time of its release."
"hello amazon,i ordered my product on 9/11/2011, and today it is 10/13/2011. my product still has not arrived, and this incident has caused very much inconvenience to me. i feel inclined not to use Amazon as often anymore, and did not expect this. i hope you all realize how much inconvenience this has caused me, and hope that it wont happen again.Thank You."
"This anthology will be excellent support for any University instructor, lecturer or professor that wants to teach this novel. Considering that many high school students were assigned the novel for reading in an English class, and have already explored the expected ""character development/thematic representation/plot turn/underlying message"" strategy of a typical middle to high school analysis, this book offers more sophisticated ways of teaching the book in college.  I tell my college students that I'm going to help them unpack this tried-and-true high school must-read in an entirely new way, and the essays in New Essays provide support so I can do exactly that."
"Having seen the incredible film To Kill a Mocking Bird twice, it appeared as if there could be nothing more that can be derived from the book. But reading the book is a reminder that films may not do full justice to a book. There are many examples; for instance, The Motorcycle Diaries, which show how a book is adapted partly to fit a 300 page book in 2 hours, and partly to get the maximum approval from cinemagoers. This is no way devalues the film, but it reminds us that there may be much more in the book that may not reach cinemagoers.The main story in the book is well known but not being aware of American names, it was interesting  to learn that the author is female. But beyond that minor point, the book is not very long  compared to modern fiction where authors seem to be competing to make a book as long as possible), but very precisely written, and is very captivating. The language used in the book reminds a British reader in particular of the geographical and time context of the  story. Each scene is beautifully described and the pictures remain in the reader's mind for a long time.It is not  simple tale of a white lawyer trying to apply justice to a black defendant wrongly accused of a crime. Justifications of the treatment of black people by the white community is accompanied by the questions many whites were asking about the treatment of blacks. At the same time, the humane behaviour of black people is very astutely portrayed.There are many other aspects of life that come out very clearly in the book : sibling relationships, friendship, the innocence of youth and many others. Anyone who has not read the book has missed out on a great deal. Anyone who reads the book will find it leaves a very strong lasting impression on them"
"Harper Lee is a literary genius.  She takes us into a quiet, hot summer day, one of which will break open in controversy ending in death, as told through the eyes of children.  They must explain racism, sexual desire, implied incest between a father and daughter, alcoholism, poverty and ignorance. Atticus Finch is the protagonist; however, Scout is the main character and she will be changed by Boo Radley at the end of the book.  I have lived in Mobile, Alabama, and my friend told me that Scout represented Harper Lee and Truman Capote was the boy who visited next door with his aunt.  I knew in real life they lived in adjoining counties.One of my favorite themes is brought through the old lady next door.  Atticus makes his son read to her, even if his son finds her to be mean and ungrateful.  But Atticus reasons with him, explaining that she was sick. She was in a lot of pain, but did not want to be addicted to her pain medicine.  He said that strength was not shooting a gun; she was one of the strongest people I ever knew - she was beholding to nothing or nobody.  .My high school Advanced English teacher Mrs. Scroggins, said that one should read a book, and read it again maybe one to two years later.  And it may seem as if it is a different book.  She said the book did not change, but our experiences changed. Those were some of the most sage words I have heard elicited, and this book I can re-read and never become tired."
"This book is a must for all people who love books and the power of the imagination. This is Harper Lee's only novel, and much like another great book, Deborah Hersh is a Liar, it is as personal as it is universal. This edition in particular is really worth getting."
I have wanted this novel in my collection since my 'school days' copy went missing. Finally it is where it belongs. I loved reading it again and also bought the DVD which I really enjoyed.
"Harper Lee's masterpiece is a captivating blend of folklore and Urban Legend on one hand and an astonishing and vivid picture of a little town in the state of Alabama in the 1930's on the other hand. Rather than having a distinct story-line it's a portrait of all sorts of characters some more important than others.The main characters are Scout - a smart nine-year-old girl - and Jem her intelligent and courageous twelve-year-old brother. The lawyer Atticus is their father. They live in a house together with Calpurnia the perfect nanny and she's like a mother for the two children (Their own mother died several years ago ).Tom, a young black man, has to stand trial for assault on a white girl. The court has appointed Atticus to defend the accused. It will have rather severe consequences.The title of my review - The things that happen to people we never know - is from a conversation between Scout and a neighbor. We will fully understand the others, says Atticus, when we put ourselves in the shoes of the others. He says this because as a lawyer he wants to understand the reason why some people commit a crime.There is another important character though we met him only a few times. His name is Boo Radley who lives like a recluse in his own house. He's the most mysterious person I ever met in a work of fictionThe novel has a rather tragic and peculiar ending.One of the best-loved classics of all time ""To Kill A Mocking Bird"" has earned many distinctions since his first publication in 1960. It has won the Pulitzer price, been translated in more than 40 languages, sold more than forty million copies worldwide, and been made into an enormously popular movie. It was also named the best novel of the twentieth century by librarians accross the United States."
"This book is truly a gift reading it as a young girl and treasuring it all these years it has been wonderful to share it with my 12 year old boy. The book has taken on a different slant with his experience with the story. We are passing it on to others to share in the experience.This book has everything some historical feelings of the time, family, and some drama to keep you glued to the chair reading this. Wonderful."
"Far better than the movie - more complex, more sympathetic to some the movie had to gloss over.  Stands the time test, and reteaches us things that are worth remembering.  Not really about the South as too many would characterize it - more like about humans, the way we act, the points we miss, and the ways we could be so much better."
No question why this book is a classic. It is amazing and should be read by every American. This is particularly important for southerners.
As advertised
"I read this book when I was in my teens and I was very affected by it. I identified with Scout and Jem, who were full of curiosity and innocence, and were coming to know right from wrong, not just in small matters, but in large social issues such as jurors voting against evidence and for their own personal prejudiced views (despite the evidence). It's difficult for children to understand why adults behave like this, and I think Harper Lee does an outstanding job of depicting children coming to grips with right and wrong. I also loved the character of Atticus, the children's father. Years went by and then I read this book again, as an adult, and was still struck by the power of the story. I can see why this book won all the awards it did."
"Sometimes a book just calls you.  My two friends and I were on a bus ride at 2:00am (do not ask why) and the bus driver suddenly asked:  ""What is your favorite book""?  My friend since high school pointed his finger in the air while rocking in his seat and shouted:  ""To Kill a Mocking Bird""!  I knew it was an honorable book to read, but somehow I missed the opportunity to read it in my twenty four years of existence.Two weeks after that occurrence I was headed to a basketball game.  I had a half hour to kill before game time so I made a pit stop at the library one block away.  I sat in the community study area browsing for books when I glanced at a crossword puzzle.  Of course, the answers to the crossword puzzle were formatted for To Kill a Mockingbird.One, I wanted to find the answers to the crossword puzzle.  Two, this was no mere coincidence that the book was brought to my attention again.  Cliché as it sounds; it was destiny that I read this book.  I feel dumbfounded that I did not read this in high school.  I hope to teach this book to my students in the future.  Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is in the literary cannon for a reason; it theme still touches home today.  It is a must read."
I just re-read this book after reading it way back in high school.  It is wonderfully written and I noticed how well-chosen the names of character are this time around.
As far as I know the book is fine.  It was ordered for my daughter's sumer reading assignment.  Quick shipping and good condition.  Thanks.
"The setting is 1935 Missippi in a small town divided by race. A trial pits justice against bias. A black man stands falsely accused of raping a white woman with a dubious reputation- there is no evidence except her testimony backed by that of her idle father.Tom Robinson stands to lose his life if the conviction stands. Atticus Finch is a lawyer motivated by justice despite the culture of bigotry he grew up in.Atticus must fight the state's case which is backed by no physical evidence or corroborative testimony. Tom Robinson's good character seems to count little in the eyes of the town as the dubious character of the alleged victim's father is overlooked. The father, Tom Ewell, testifies and is quickly discredited by Atticus.Despite the conviction of Tom Robinson, Tom Ewell, the victim's father is down in the dumps...quite literally since that is where he lives...in the city dump...white trash perhaps in a very real sense. The angry Ewell seeks revenge on the kindly Atticus.Perhaps predictably, the black man is killed in a fusillade of bullets as he tries to escape a work farm pending an appeal which may have succeeded.MOCKING BIRD- in an apparent nod to Faulkner- has a dark id force residing in the house next to Atticus'. Boo Radley is the son who disappeared twenty five years before as the apparent victim of a repressive religious upbringing that stresses fundamentalist pietism.Boo communicates throughout the book with furtive glances from his window and gifts left for Atticus' children. A ghost of a man is Boo when reality should have made him a sociopath.MOCKING BIRD is narrated from the point of view of Scout who apparently learned to read at four on the litigation weary lap of her father when most children have bedtime stories. Scout by the second grade describes the local judge as speaking ""ex cathedra"" to the court which is amazing since most adults have no idea what that means. Scout's account of life in the town is as languid as a hot summer in Dixie and at times as confusing as well...Would you say the Finches have a Incestuous Streak? Aunty said no, that's where we got our small hands and feet. p 147.Perhaps this is the way the family really thought so I guess confusion makes the tale authentic.MOCKING BIRD was written in 1960 the same year that Steinbeck's TRAVELS WITH CHARLEY appeared. 1960 was a year of social convulsion in America with the throes of desegregation rocking the (un) reconstructed South.History helped write both books. The real author of both books was as much the Zeitgeist of 1960 as Steinbeck or Lee. In TRAVELS we find Steinbeck talking to three characters picked up on a long road trip through the South that began in the East and was quickly becoming rushed and boring as the novel withers.One character was a kind black sharecropper, another was an idiot white bigot while the last was a young black radical...all in an almost movie like sequence. A real account with a fiction like reality to it. MOCKING is fiction that seems fictional indeed.In MOCKING BIRD we find a lawyer strangely removed from the culture he grew up in and unmoved by the passions of ego, angst or the lust created by loneliness. A kind of secular saint who turns his cheek to all and answers only with wise sayings and dry wit.Atticus is no Huey Long being ruthless to the ruthless in the name of the working class. Atticus seems strangely eastern in the dark land of Faulkner and decayed houses...he is no sweating redneck messiah as Govenor Long was but an abstraction with no real faults except perhaps his idolatry of the law.Atticus is a hollow icon incapable of true good because there is no struggle with evil in him...Atticus is programmed for justice.Atticus' South is only a New England with humidity...its soul is hollow because it lacks the creaking floorboards of dark carnality. There is not enough rot in this book to make it great; it can only preach to us from a pulpit or as a footnote to TV documentaries on Civil Rights.MOCKING BIRD cannot see into the dark souls behind the white hoods.Would the issue of justice had been less if Tom Robinson had been a poor white falsely accused of raping a wealthy white woman or a communist union organizer murdered in the cotton fields of the anti-labor South? Would the accolades given this book on the back cover from newspapers and librarians been less if the economic power of anti-union media and the political bias of the middle class been questioned?MOCKING BIRD was a good book made great only by the Tsunami Zeitgeist of 1960."
"Harper Lee wrote a story set in small town Alabama during the Great Depression more than twenty years afterwards in her novel `To Kill a Mockingbird.'  This novel is a favorite among high school teachers because the children in the story mature during the course of the story, and it cogently expresses empathy.The parent of the two children, Atticus Finch, has the trial of his life during the summer of 1935.  A local Negro farmhand, Tom Robinson, stands accused of violating the daughter of an indigent alcoholic.  The Ewells are as debased by poverty as the Jeters in Erskine Caldwell's novel, `Tobacco Road.'It seems the whole town is against Atticus Finch, and they sometimes take it out on his kids, Jem and Scout.  Part of the reason is that he is defending a black man against the accusations of a white man in the Solid South.  Atticus isn't just doing his job, he's playing to win - and he's built a pretty good case to acquit Robinson.  There's even a scene where the Old Sarum bunch, feeling the trail against Robinson might not be as stacked against him as it ought to be in the Old South, wanted to resort to vigilante justice.  Atticus finds he has some support in town - and that day - it comes from a surprising source.Empathy is the theme of the book.  Atticus tells his children several times that they need to walk in someone else's shoes before judging them.  Because of their limited life experiences, Jem and Scout need examples - and their father is an excellent guidepost.  Sometimes, it's not as easy as you think.  In the case of Dolphus Raymond, you only really understand him when you find out the paper bag he's always carrying contains Coca Cola, not liquor as people suspect.It does help to know some of the references in the book before reading it.  There are many Civil War generals mentioned in the novel: Braxton Bragg, Joe Wheeler, John Bell Hood, and Robert E. Lee.  Harper Lee portrays a South caught between one that's still fighting the Civil War, and another moving toward the New South espoused by Henry W. Grady.A Lane cake is peculiar to Alabama, invented by a homemaker there around the turn of the century.  Putting shinny in it is a way to get drunk.An amanuensis is an old word for a secretary.  A morphite - used in reference to the snowman - is a child's spelling of a hermaphrodite.  And most folks seem to believe the Mrunas are really a tribe in Africa, but it has all the feel of a morphite to me.  Could it be possible that the Mrunas are from the Cameroons?There's no misspelling about Lord Melbourne; he was caught in a pair of sexual scandals in England in the 1830s and 1840s which are tame in comparison today.  One of them, with Lady Norton, was probably unfounded.  The other, with Queen Victoria, was a correspondence that was deemed inappropriate by advisors to the Queen.This book meant more to me today than it did when Bugsy made us read it in high school.  Recently we had a nice discussion of the book in the Brooklyn Public Library as part of its summer reading program.  Thanks to them for holding it, and bringing this book back to our attention."
"A fantastic book about childhood and the lost of innocence.I've bought it at the same time than ""In cold blood"" by Truman Capote.Harper Lee and him were friends, as you may discover if you're watching the biopic made by Bennett Miller in 2005.Philip Seymour Hoffman won an Oscar for his performance in it.Catherine Keener was playing Harper Lee's character in that. Great film, by the way.So, since I've seen this movie, I've wanted to read in ""Cold blood"".In my English Librairy here in Quebec City, both books were side by side.This is a great story, narrated by a young female (seven to nine years old) living in Alabama in mid 1930s.It's funny and touching."
What a great book with so many great themes. This time the thing that impressed me most was Atticus's success as a father. I plan to read this book again in a few years and see what impresses me most then.
I had to read this for school during the summer. It was a good book yet very confusing at times. I would recommend this book only to strong readers.
I first read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD in my sophomore year of high school and I was completely floored and in so much awe at the height of emotions that this book commands. Fast forward ten years later and it is still my favorite. The story told thru the eyes of the vivacious tomboy Scout Finch is one wrought with so much truth and I simply cannot describe how much I truly truly adore this book. Scout's innocence is absolutely necessary and that is what makes the story. I highly recommend this one.
"Like many people, I first read this book in high school. I have since taught it three times to classes. This summer, I am rereading it as I tutor a student from India who will read TKAM this fall in her high school English class. What an amazing book! Seeing it through the eyes of someone for whom the idioms and cultural references are new is great. I wish it would become available for Kindle so that she could immediately look up some of the great vocabulary that Harper Lee used. While that ""great vocabulary"" doesn't necessarily include the ""n word,"" that word is necessary to embody the racism and attitudes of the times -- also an interesting concept to try to explain to a foreign student. Everyone should read To Kill a Mockingbird more than once in his or her lifetime and live its lessons. Don't judge a person until you've walked a mile in his skin."
"For whatever reason, I did not have the privilege of reading this book in school.However, I made it something to accomplish as part of my bucket list and am so glad I did. What a great book. I felt as if I could have been right with Scout and Jem. It brought a childlike perspective and yet, shed light on a serious social injustice and unfortunate part of American history."
"A truly beautiful book. Scout is my little heroine and I'd love to have a daughter like her. Atticus, Calpurnia, Miss Maudie are examples of good kind hearted people and a reminder that there are still plenty of good people out there. On the other hand, people like the Ewells, Stephanie Crawford are what I call the majority. Classic examples of ignorance and hatred based on nothing but old and ridiculous believes that being a certain color or race makes you superior. This is a book that should be required reading in high school."
"I read this years ago, many years ago in high school.  I couldn't put this book down, it is still an amazing story and everyone should pick it up again and re-read."
My very first purchase! I needed that book for school.Good condition and price. Amazon is amazing. I got excited when it came in the mail. Haha
"Somehow, as many times as I have seen the wonderful film made from Harper Lee's novel, I never got around to reading the book itself until now.  How could I have waited so long?  But reading it was one of those odd experiences that made me glad I did wait, just so that I could have the great joy that comes with a first reading of a masterpiece.  Indeed, one of the reasons the film is so good is because the filmmakers had such strong material to work with (though it is not hard to think of films that have made a hash out of excellent originals).  This book is wonderful, and the film's fidelity to the book (language, story, feeling) only makes me appreciate the film more than I already did.  But forget the film; this is a book to be savored for its own sake.  There is not a misstep from beginning to end.  It's so powerful it actually brought tears to my eyes in places.  Lee's straightforward telling of an overtly simple story effectively lays bare both the innocence of a Southern childhood and the deep prejudices of the South in which that childhood was lived.  It's Lee's own innocence, her own childhood, and her own South in many ways, since the story, while not necessarily autobiographical, mirrors her childhood in many ways.  There is much in the novel that transcends the specifics of the plot itself.  One of its most powerful messages, delivered repeatedly by the wise and tolerant lawyer-father Atticus Finch, is that you must stand in another person's shoes for a while before you judge that person (and then you just might find that you can't judge them at all).  Contained in the consoling words from Atticus to Jem in the aftermath of the trial that is the centerpiece of the plot is one of the most generous indictments of injustice you will ever read.  (""Those are twelve reasonable men in everyday life, Tom's jury, but you saw something come between them and reason. . . .  There's something in our world that makes men lose their heads--they couldn't be fair if they tried."")  And that's what this book is: generous.  This does not mean that it is tolerant of prejudice, hatred, cowardice, and narrow-mindedness.  But it is generous toward human beings with all of their weaknesses and foibles, as well as all their nobility and goodness.  If you've never read this book, do so immediately.  If you have read it, you know that it is one to read again."
This is probaly up in my top 3 favorite books.  Awesome book.  Does have the a few words that most people don't use these days but you have to keep an open mind and remember that's how things were back then.  GREAT BOOK!!!
The book came in a timely fashion.  It was a used book and did show wear. I need to shop for used books more often.
"I just finished listening to this yesterday in my car.  Sissy Spacek is a wonderful reader.  To have her read ANYTHING to me in my car is a priceless treasure, but to listen to her rendition of To Kill a Mockingbird was truly an anti-doldrumine!  She (and Harper Lee) had me in tears more than once.  This reading of this venerable classic, an examination of racial prejudice and human interactions, is highly recommended!!"
"There isn't much I can say about this novel that hasn't been said by a few hundred other reviewers.Harper Lee created a classic novel about a little girl named Scout growing up in Alabama with her brother Jem and her father, Atticus Finch. Through the eyes of Scout we encounter the injustice and hatred that lives in her small town. Scout uses her father's wisdom and her own intuition to decide for herself what's right and what's wrong in the world.Mayella Ewell was caught by her father trying to seduce a colored man. The only way to protect herself from her father's wrath is to accuse the innocent Tom of raping her. The instant the town hears that a black man raped a white woman, they can't wait to execute him. Atticus, a local lawyer, is asked by the judge to take the case. Both the judge and Atticus doubt that Tom is really guilty but in the Jim Crow South, they fear that his case was decided long before it came to court.Taking this case ends up becoming dangerous for Atticus and his family because Mayella's alcoholic father doesn't like anyone who doesn't play by his rules.To Kill A Mockingbird is an incredible look at pre-civil rights Southern living where facts are often skewed by blind hatred. One of the best books of all time, I think every child should read this book. Even beyond being a book about racism, this is a prime example of learning for yourself the difference between right and wrong."
"Harper Lee has created a timeless masterpiece, by using the eyes of a ten year old child, as the story teller this makes it easy to read and get lost in. Creating one of the most noted litary figures of all times, Atticus Finch. A man of convection, courage and compassion through him, his children see how unfair life can be while teaching them by example how to overcome the challanges of life in a small southern town. Every fathers day many shows rank the best fictonal fathers, and Atticus Finch has alway been number one. For a good reason.Every adult needs to read this book even though you probaly already have at one time or another.  I believe everyone should see the world through the eys of a ten year old child every now and then."
"I lived 4 years in America and have heard so much about the book. It is a classic and I decided to read it. As a European I find it a bit difficult to understand the writing style from the author. But slowly I get there.The book meets my expectations!!!!It brings a smile on my face, sometimes I roar with laughter:)I'm still reading the book, I take the time to understand it and got to the chapter in which the colored man is accused for raping a white woman.But so far, I think it's a great book!"
"Writing a review of this classic book and trying to find something to say about it that hasn't already been said many times before might not be the easiest of tasks. However, I felt that I needed to mention one thing about this highly-acclaimed and truly wonderful writing that may not have yet been addressed. Reading this book now, as an adult, it hit me almost immediately that its narration, done by Scout (Jean Louise), one of the main characters, who at the time of the story is seven-years old and by the story's conclusion, she is 10, yet she speaks within this book as though she's an adult. The story's intent was to be told through the eyes of a child - and with just a few exceptions, like when Scout finds herself in court when her father, Atticus, partakes in the trial of a young black man accused of raping a white girl, or addresses that she doesn't really understand what 'rape' is ... she is narrating through the entire book in terminology like that of an adult, and a very intelligent and thought-out conversational one at that. I found that to be hard to believe.Don't get me wrong - the story is amazing, written in such a way that one feels what they feel and sees what they see, experiences what they experience - very realistically written as well as emotionally and psychologically understanding. However, such a little girl as Scout is, it is highly unlikely that a child that young would really be able to explain law and life in such an adult manner as this little girl's narration presents. Otherwise, the book is magnificent and I highly recommend anyone who hasn't read it, to read it.As a writer, I've always been taught that if one is writing narration by supposedly a child, or an old person, one of a different ethnicity, or whichever way the story is to flow, then one must write the character's narrative in such a way that befits that kind of person so the story is realistic. I realize that this book is an ""adult story"" seen through the eyes of a child - therefore, much of her narration language/interaction thoughts, etc. with the other characters of the book should also be in a more child-like way. The story would be expressed that way, too. Perhaps more of the intenser explaining would have to be done in the dialogue of the adult characters, but a child is a child - they speak and think in their own way, also presenting a story through their own unique way.I have not seen the movie, but the book is a very powerful story of life in a quiet southern town that identify with the unfairness of those times, accusation of a crime judged wrongfully and how so many people's lives are affected and misdirected as a result. I do encourage both young and old to read it if you haven't already."
"It's easy to see why ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is considered a classic novel and why it had such an impact when it was published in 1960.  The primary injustice that it invokes still stings today.  We know that the past really was as bad as portrayed in the book, and we also know that things are still far from fair for people of all races, religions, sexual identities, etc.  Seeing the unjust conviction of Tom Robinson through the eyes of two children (Jem and Scout) makes it cut even deeper.The book does a wonderful job of evoking an era and a lifestyle that just doesn't exist any more.  Times truly were slower during the Great Depression, especially outside of the major cities.  People didn't scurry around in the way they do now, as they used their energy simply to get by day-to-day and week-to-week. A school pageant was a major event.  Church was not optional or just a quick detour before your Sunday activities.Where the book falters -- at least in the eyes of a modern adult reader -- is that it's not subtle.  Atticus, the father of the narrator, is perfect.  He's smart, caring, and calm. He treats Negroes with dignity.  He's brave when it matters, and he has a clear-eyed way of cutting through the hypocrisy of people in his town.  Jem is the All-American boy, always getting into lovable scrapes, and always getting away with it.  Scout (the narrator) is a tomboy with the perfect cutting response or the irresistably cut and innocent remark.  Calpurnia is the smart Negro cook and housekeeper who knows just how to discipline the kids enough.  The bad guys, such as the Ewells, have no redeeming features, except for Maybella, whose only redeeming feature is that she is lonely.  In other words, the details in the lives of the characters don't ring true, even though the over-arching story does.It's not surprising that the book is assigned to middle schoolers today.  Anyone older than about 14 would feel the falsity in the all-good or all-bad of the characters.  Even the attempts to show that an ""bad"" person really isn't (such as the guy who pretends to be a drunk) are done in such an obvious manner that they simply aren't believable.  Of course, I didn't grow up in a small, isolated southern town .... so maybe I don't know what I'm talking about."
Original publication of classic novel that is just as was written anbd first publisher. Many of these old books new publications have been edited in newer publications and are not the exact words as originally written by the author.
"I've read that Harper Lee never wrote another novel, as she believed she had no where to go but down.  After reading the book I understood what she was thinking.  As I read the book I took notes.  I wanted to remember all the great phrases and powerful descriptions she used.  Harper Lee had a terrific southern vocabulary.This is a book written 50 years ago about racial injustice.  It was written 50 years ago, but the story takes place during the Great Depression.  It is a critique of American justice and southern culture. The story line is that a black man is falsely accused of raping a white girl.  Everyone knows he'll be convicted because he is black and the jury will be all white.Atticus Finch is the lawyer the judge appoints to defend the accused. Knowing the man is innocent Atticus Finch works for to justice at great personal cost. ""But before I can live with other folks I've got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a persons conscience."" This is great wisdom for when we face opposition in life.The attitude and life philosophy of Atticus Finch gives hope to the reader for the world we live in.  (I recently have read Lord of the Flies, Catcher in the Rye and Fahrenheit 451, these books take hope away from the reader, they left me with a feeling of despair. They are very pessimistic stories.) ""Simply because we were licked a hundred years before we started is no reason for us not to try to win."" and ""No matter how bitter  things get, they're still our friends and this is still our home."" are two quotes to remember from ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" as we too live in a world where injustice must be fought.  Hate the injustice,don't hate the people.A neighbor describes Atticus to his daughter, ""I simply want to tell you that there are some men in this world who were born to do our unpleasant jobs for us. Your father's one of them.""One of the most powerful moments in the film adaptation of the book takes place in the court house when Reverend Sykes, the minister of the First Purchase Church tells Scout, ""Miss Jean Louise, stand up. Your father's passin'"""
Great characters and an amazingly real setting bolster this classic tale about racial prejudice and how neighbors look after neighbors amidst prejudice and hate.  Everything about this is beautiful and memorable for readers of all ages.
"To Kill a Mockingbird--written during the peak of the civil rights movement, when hatred and fear penetrated the hearts of those who feared change and what that change meant (equality among the races, leading to the loss of white's current position of ""superiority"") often leading to riots and violent attacks--came at a much needed moment in American history and is well deserving of the Pulitzer prize awarded to it.  Harper Lee crafts a novel that conveys ideas of compassion, equality for all, and the injustices of racial discrimination, while not becoming too preachy. She accomplishes this by telling the story from the eyes of an innocent young girl, unaware of the racial tensions around her. In fact, the first part of the story does not deal with Tom Robinson's case or racial issues at all, rather it's about a couple of kids playing together during the summer time, absorbed in the mystery of what has become of Boo Radley. Beginning the story this way allows the reader to become emotionally involved with Scout, and her uncorrupted view of mankind, before leaping into the crux of the novel. The African Americans in To Kill a Mockingbird have been criticized as lacking dimension and I don't disagree with this, however, Scout--being an unreliable narrator and a young white girl--would not have the perspective or the familiarity with black people to give them depth, so I believe Harper Lee could not have rendered them any other way.  This book is more than a novel about race; Lee explores the evil in humanity (the use of religion as a way to spew hatred, the hypocrisy of people, peoples tendency to judge others on superficial terms, the failures of the education system), yet at the same time the book is full of love, compassion, and hope. To Kill a Mockingbird is a book about growing up and the lessons that come with it, that should be read by all children coming of age."
"I was eleven years old the first time I read this book. Harper Lee does a beautiful job portraying the impact society has on children. In this case she examines the social impact of racism. There have been many novels about the dynamics of race in America. However, few if any meet the ""gold standard"" of 'Mockingbird'. This book has endured because the ramifications of racism are complex, disturbing, and seemingly perpetual.- Cathy Clay author of Agatta"
"***This review may contain spoilers***  I have read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" (hereafter TKAM) twice in my life - as a high school senior, and, oddly enough, as a Suffolk Law School student for a course in Professional Responsibility and Legal Philosophy/Ethics.  In this review, I will not dwell on TKAM's predominant themes of racial prejudice and social intolerance.  Instead, I will focus upon attorney Atticus Finch's character and the climactic episode which reveals that, despite appearances, he is not a saint, but all too human.  The following excerpt is actually copied (with edits) from an essay I submitted for the law course:  ""Atticus Finch, the near-mythic but unsung and ultimately human attorney in TKAM, seems to possess all the conventional virtues.  He is a good lawyer, citizen, and parent.  Atticus assumes Tom Robinson's case certainly not from a guarantee of fortune, fame, success or charity, but to keep setting a good example as a good lawyer, citizen, and parent. He is courageous.  Most importantly, whether in his house, on the public streets, or in the courtroom, Atticus is the same morally and legally admirable man.  However, he is not a missionary; nor a mercenary; nor a legal idealist.  Atticus is just...Atticus.  Above all, Atticus is an optimistic realist.  He realizes that defending Tom Robinson was in one sense a futile gesture, but takes heart in the fact that this jury took longer than previous ones (would have) to convict Tom. Atticus (believes) that the law will ultimately obtain justice, albeit slowly and incrementally.  However, after Bob Ewell's murder attempt on Scout and Jem and his subsequent death, arguably Atticus betrays his legal credo.  Atticus is prepared to defend Jem against the murder (of Bob Ewell) based on self-defense, and perhaps on evidence that Boo Radley killed Ewell.  (However), Sheriff Heck Tate slowly dissuades Atticus from his professional objective with assurances that he can ""prove"" Ewell killed himself accidentally.  Perhaps, understandably, Atticus relents because parental instinct, compassion, and disillusionment over the court system similar to the one Tom Robinson faced make him reluctant to subject Jem and the reclusive Boo to such a legal ordeal.  Despite this arguable professional lapse,...my choice for a legal (and certainly humane) paragon would inexorably be Atticus."""
Thanks for the fast service.  We just finished the novel in class. The CD made it so much easier.
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)"
I always heard about this film but never saw it.I bought the book but did not read it as yet.Sure I will enjoy it as much as other readers who read it already.
"I read this book when I was in high school and loved it, so I decided to purchase it used to place on my bookshelf.  My review is less of the book content itself (but it's a WONDERFUL and important read that everyone should make use of in their lifetime), but rather about how please I was with the Amazon used purchase.  I think I purchased this book for between $2-3, and it came in near perfect condition.  I saved a lot of money and was still able to add to my collection.  I've also purchased a few other used books through Amazon, and I've never been disappointed if I payed attention to the used ""conditions"" and picked the level I'd be satisfied with (i.e. ""like new,"" ""good,"" etc...).  I'm an advocate for Used books on Amazon!"
"I didn't buy this book from Amazon but a shop outside Disneyland, CA! This book says a lot without saying much - it shows the human thought process in a very unique way and creates a lot of respect in the reader's heart for other people. It has touched my heart and I am completely overwhelmed by it. It has actually opened my eyes as to what ""maturity"" really is, especially by the characters, Atticus and Calpurina (and also the judge). It shows what ""tolerance"" actually means and what ""innocence"" is. God, I wish I had read this before!"
I bought this edition for the library binding and was shocked when it had paperback quality paper inside. I will probably end up getting another copy with better quality paper.This edition is obviously intended for high school or college audiences.
"This edition with the original cover can be an heirloom to pass to future generations. Even though it's required reading in school, I've read it four times and find new meaning each time. It speaks to the children in us all with the imaginative play and fears we can recollect as we read."
"i just love the way in which lee glorifies a humanist spirit by filtering the story through scout.  the innocent commitment to equality is really only attainable in this way, and this message is the strongest in the book. there is an obvious value to reading this, which is why students still read it today."
"Jean Louise (Scout) Finch is the feistiest girl in Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930's.  She's six years old and doesn't care to be a lady. She wants to wear pants all her life and mess around with her older brother Jem and their friend, Dill, who visits every summer.  To Kill a Mockingbird spans over a couple years of Scout's life, during which she becomes engaged to Dill, attempts to befriend a reclusive neighbor - and, most importantly, witnesses a trial during which a young black man is accused of raping a poor young white girl.  These events are seen from the young, questioning eyes of a little girl who wants to understand.  It is heart-breaking, eye-opening, and a book that everyone should take the time to devour._______________________________________________My thoughts -This is my first time reading To Kill a Mockingbird (people have looked at me, shocked, for saying that), and not only can I say that I've read it, but I can also say that I loved it.I was quite moved by this story.  Moved to laughter, moved to sorrow, moved to anger, moved to love.  I was inspired by this little girl Jean Louise who saw the world so innocently.  I wanted to be like her.  I want to be like her.  She was precious to read about.Character notes -Scout Finch has a sarcasm that's hard to miss.  It adds life to the story and made me laugh.  She's one smart little seven-year-old.  She understands most things - and when she doesn't she asks questions.  Questions that made me think.  Questions that seven-year-olds now would never think to ask.  Scout is also a deep thinker, pondering the world in that innocent light that she views everything.She loves her family.  She has a heart for her brother...wants to do everything to be like him.  When he starts to grow up, she doesn't understand it, but she tries her hardest.  Because she loves him.And she loves her father, too.  Oh boy, their relationship tugged at my heart more than anything else in this story.  Atticus Finch is older, has no wife, and would be lonely but for his lovely children.  Scout and Jem mean everything him, and he means everything to them, even when they would like to say otherwise.  Atticus very easily became my favorite character - for his bravery, his selflessness, his humility, and his desire to do what is right...at all costs.Story notes -This story is well told from the first word to the last.  It weaves in family troubles, characters being built, the culture in the south in that time of history, the town's trials and triumphs, strange neighbors, unlikely friends...  All of this is seen through the eyes of an observant six/seven/eight year old, and I can't imagine it any other way.  It was the perfect touch for the story's progression.Speaking of the progression...it was slow.  But not in an ""I'm bored, please get me out of here"" way, but in a languid, beautiful, floating way.  It was a current, slow and constant, and it pulled me along until we reached the shore, where I sat, watching the tide drifting away, knowing that I would never forget that experience.When I first started reading this book, I expected it to be mainly about the rape trial.  While I was at first confused that it wasn't, I couldn't stay confused for long.  The depth and intense character development in the rest of the story led up to the trial and its outcome - and even events after the trial.One word I'd use to sum up this novel (final thoughts) -Eager.  Because while the whole town is languid, underneath the surface a passion is stirring - and it is seen in Atticus and his bravery; Miss Maudie and her garden; Jem and his desire to be like his father; Tom Robinson and his innocent friendship with the poor white girl; and little Scout, who cannot get enough of her world, and who won't let it fly by without having a word or two with it.  This really is one exceptional story."
To Kill a Mockingbird is a classic.  I hadn't read it since high school many years ago.  I decided to treat myself to the 50th anniversary large type edition.  The Harper Luxe edition is a trade paperback.  It's just lovely.  I enjoyed reading this edition even more then when I originally read it 48 years ago.
"This is a novel that I have read countless times over the years and it never fails to connect with me on some level with every reading. That is no small feat for a book to accomplish. To speak to people the world over, for over 50 years, means that there is something very universal in this text.We are all the mockingbirds of the title, and anyone who has reached the age of majority knows the feelings that the loss of innocence, and the harsh light of reality can create in a person. Harper Lee wrote a novel that captured the essence of that most universal of experiences, and I for one am moved by it every time.I won't rehash plot points, but I will give you some reasons why you should read, and then reread, this text.The first reason is for the beautiful depiction of imaginative childhood. The narrator, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill embody most of the traits of childhood, and their creative games, and thought processes are a joy to behold. The voice of Scout (the narrator) is a pitch perfect recreation of childhood and childish impulses.Another reason is a pretty simple one actually. The character of Atticus Finch is one of the noblest literary creations ever written. I want to be like him, and there are not many characters in literature I can, or would, say that about. The fact that being like Atticus is possible makes him even more endearing to me.  He is someone who is noble in every sense of the word, and serves as an inspiration for so many reasons. He is a good father, a decent and empathetic man, and a person who tries to see the good in almost anything. The fact that there are so few Atticus Finches in real life makes him seem all the more desirable to me. It is very obvious as you read this text that Ms. Lee loves this character.There are numerous other reasons why this is a stellar work of genius, not least of which is the wonderful plotting of the novel, the excellent and fleshed out supporting characters (these people are real to me) and the message that Lee find numerous ways to reiterate throughout the book.Ms. Lee has created a pastoral version of the Depression era south, and even though there is vicious bigotry and hatred depicted in the novel, Ms. Lee (through her characters) does not give up on them, or us. We and the world can be better. We just need to remind ourselves to walk in other people's shoes once in a while."
"This is a novel that I have read countless times over the years and it never fails to connect with me on some level with every reading. That is no small feat for a book to accomplish. To speak to people the world over, for over 50 years, means that there is something very universal in this text.We are all the mockingbirds of the title, and anyone who has reached the age of majority knows the feelings that the loss of innocence, and the harsh light of reality can create in a person. Harper Lee wrote a novel that captured the essence of that most universal of experiences, and I for one am moved by it every time.I won't rehash plot points, but I will give you some reasons why you should read, and then reread, this text.The first reason is for the beautiful depiction of imaginative childhood. The narrator, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill embody most of the traits of childhood, and their creative games, and thought processes are a joy to behold. The voice of Scout (the narrator) is a pitch perfect recreation of childhood and childish impulses.Another reason is a pretty simple one actually. The character of Atticus Finch is one of the noblest literary creations ever written. I want to be like him, and there are not many characters in literature I can, or would, say that about. The fact that being like Atticus is possible makes him even more endearing to me.  He is someone who is noble in every sense of the word, and serves as an inspiration for so many reasons. He is a good father, a decent and empathetic man, and a person who tries to see the good in almost anything. The fact that there are so few Atticus Finches in real life makes him seem all the more desirable to me. It is very obvious as you read this text that Ms. Lee loves this character.There are numerous other reasons why this is a stellar work of genius, not least of which is the wonderful plotting of the novel, the excellent and fleshed out supporting characters (these people are real to me) and the message that Lee find numerous ways to reiterate throughout the book.Ms. Lee has created a pastoral version of the Depression era south, and even though there is vicious bigotry and hatred depicted in the novel, Ms. Lee (through her characters) does not give up on them, or us. We and the world can be better. We just need to remind ourselves to walk in other people's shoes once in a while."
"I recntly relooked at the classic movie, Gregory Peck et al, and thought it would be interesting to read the book.  I found it to be a gripping good story, that holds up well with a message that still speaks to us with strength and meaning even in these 21st century days.  A worthwhile read.  Also, the (used) book came quickly after my purchase, and was in much b etter shape than I expected. All in all, a very positive experience."
"I read this book in my teens or early twenties and always loved it.  I have re-read it several times since.  I recently found out my Mom (currently age 91) had never read it, so I got it from the library and she just finished it.  She also loved it!  A wonderful book which demonstrates so clearly that racial prejudice is ridiculous!"
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee, is a truly amazing book. Informative and descriptive,  Harper vividly makes the characters from Maycomb, Alabama, come alive. Scout, Jem, Atticus, and Arthur ""Boo"" Radley are memorable. Harper's powerful and entertaining story of racism during the Great Depression has the right amount of suspense, drama, humor, and Southerness to it. At first I didn't understant the title, but now I understand why it is called ""To Kill A Mockingbird."" Tom Robinson symbolizes the mockingbird and Bob Ewell is the racist who kills a man so pure, so innocent, that Jem weeps at the verdict. Bob Ewell and Mayella's false accusation of Tom Robinson results in a chain reaction ending with Tom Robinson's death.  But the jury is also responsible for his death.  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" shows coming-of-age, innocence, and above all things love."
"One of the few books I know where the movie lives up to the book and the book lives up to the movie.  Both are flawless classics. Definitely a contender for great American novel, it's hard to believe this was Harper Lee's first and only book. Maybe when you get it right the first time you can let it rest. Everything about it is perfect. Incidentally a great gift for fathers on father's day. (See my discussion on best books for dads for F's Day)"
"In 1957, Harper Lee took her manuscript entitled, Atticus, a story about a southern lawyer who defends an innocent black man accused of rape, to various New York publishers only to be met with rejection after rejection.Three years later after many rewrites, the book retitled, Too Kill a Mockingbird was published to wide acclaim. One of the endearing elements in this work is the marvelous description of a small town in the 1930s during the depression and its people who are viewed through a magnifying glass. Throughout the book, there is a consciousness of how one behaved in a small town back then and the way one behaved was central to who one was.In short, the story is pure truth and the impact of the raw language used as in the case of the ""N"" word which was an acceptable way of speaking in those days might give offense to today's readers.The story is told through the eyes of a child, nicknamed Scout who serves as narrator but as an adult looking back. Scout is a girl and a tomboy who speaks with her fists and is curious about the world around her. Her father named Atticus Finch, whom she addresses by his first name, is a soft spoken very dignified attorney who has earned the respect of the town not only by his reputation but also for being kindhearted when he accepts payment from clients in kind as he understands they cannot afford to pay him in cash.The story's structure centers on the town courthouse where Atticus defends Tom Robinson, a black work hand who has been accused of rape by the daughter of his employer. The story is both dramatic and powerful when one considers the courage is took to write what is was like to be in a black person's skin from the point of view of a white person. And the fact that it was published at the beginning of the civil rights movement. There is an understanding of the nature of the harshness of humankind exemplified through legalized segregation which is an amplification of the south in the 1930s without being judgmental about it. We know the injustice that is being created against Tom Robinson as there is no proof that he committed a crime but only the prejudices of the townsfolk that formulate the opinion that he is guilty and seal his fate.There are many characters is this classic story. One in particular is Boo Radley, Scout's next door neighbor whom she has never seen and through invented tales by her friends and neighbors she comes to view Boo as a menacing phantom capable of murder. It is the spreading of rumors about people and the harm it can cause that is also expressed in the story, which unfolds dramatically and brilliantly with Tom Robinson, Atticus, Scout and Boo interwoven.Charles Blanchardauthor of Mourning Doves After The Fire"
"I have read close to 2,000 books in my lifetime and this is my favorite of all.This is the greatest book I have read ever read.  Literary perfection."
"Roses Pritchard is one of the best audio actresses I have ever heard! She uses a different voice for each character, does not slow down so that the listening is boring, and absolutely keeps the attention of the listener! The first time I ever saw this product for sale the cost was $250. It is now a much more affordable (under $40) amount. My only concern is that it is only available in cassette form. Perhaps soon they will release a CD version. That would make a wonderful product almost perfect!"
"I noticed another reviewer here mentioned an all-time best legal thrillers list. I'm not sure whether I've seen that list, but I thought I might do my own. However, I thought I'd include some classic crime thrillers, because thinking about my favourites many readers might in fact consider them to be more crime thrillers. So some of them are purely legal thrillers, some purely crime, and some crossover between the two.I'm sure having finished the list, I'll think of some I've missed out - so look out for either an expanded top-twenty list, or a lot of joint twos, threes and fours.1. To Kill a Mocking Bird - Harper Lee. 2. Past Imperfect - John Matthews. 3. Mystic River - Dennis Lehane. 4. Presumed Innocent - Scott Turow. 5. The Client - John Grisham. 6. Tell No One - Harlan Coben. 7. Silence of the Lambs - Thomas Harris. 8. The Emperor of Ocean Park - Stephen L. Carter. 9. No Time for Goodbye - Linwood Barclay. 10. The Poet - Michael Conelly."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee, was a truely, amazing book.  It is very informative, and was descriptive by the way Harper wrote it, like the characters. She gave Scout, Jem, Atticus, and Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, a great description, great story, and awesome major plot points. She added the right amount of suspense, drama, humor, and southerness and it came to be a wonderful jolly book. Now I can understand why it is called ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" because it was almost like Tom Robinson was the Mockingbird and Bob Ewell was a careless, mischevious person who just killed a person so pure, so innocent, and get away with it, but only have something bad happen to you in return. Since it was Bob Ewells fault that when he accused Tom Robinson, the result from the chain reaction was that it ended with Tom Robinson gettin shot and Bob Ewell getting killed by his own hand. But, like Atticus said ""You can shoot all the Bluejays you want, but it is a sin to kill a Mockingbird."""
"This is, in my humble opinion, the greatest book. I love the story, the writing style, the characters, and the message.  Growing up in rural Georgia, this book had a familiar feeling for me and a big impact on my life. My mother read it to me before I was old enough to read it myself. I read it again at school. I read it again from time to time because I enjoy it so. The message is an important one and valid for any reader. The characters are realistic and familiar, like people you may have known in your own life. A good, good book."
Had watched the movie several times. But never read the book. Found I enjoyed  the book more than the movie. One to read over and over. Pity she never wrote another book.
"Scout Finch grows up in 1940's while learning that the world is not as fair as she thinks it should be.  As she is coming of age she deals with things like being lady, racial issues, and hate crimes.  Although the last two usually come hand and hand.  The book is mostly about Scout growing up and that there is a trial that is judge by the jury more by race the evidence.  Scout her brother Jem separately deal with the outcome of the trial.I was surprised at how much I did enjoy this.  Years ago it was assigned to our English class and I hate reading for school. So I never read it then but watch the movie with Cary Grant in class.  Now I haven't seen the movies in years but I mostly remember it being on the trial.  The  trial is a part of the book but there is so much more to it.I can not think of anything I did not like in this book.  Love it and can see why it is a classic"
"This is the best classics book I've read so far (though I've only read a few).  It truly lives up to all the hype.  So if you haven't read it yet, treat yourself to a wonderful reading experience and be sure to get your hands on this gem!This story provided an awakening to some people's impudent thinking.  That in mind, I demanded and cried for simple human decency and glad that this book delivered.Incredible cast of characters, thought provoking, and illustrated a nostalgia for nobility.  Definitely my kind of book!  I'm one happy reader.  :D"
This classic book is dressed up like it deserves in this hardcover version with an anniversary dust cover.  A book like this is worth reading to the Grandkids or Great-Grandkids someday.  Buy a copy worth keeping - and this is it.
A must reading for anyone in the country today.  For young people it can be an inspiration and an understanding of what conditions were like in the south just a few years ago.
My wife enjoys reading many books such as this classic.  I don't see how anyone could not recommend this book.
"I am sure others have said it more eloquently than I can hope to accomplish, but when I love a book this much I can not help but try to say why. Everyone loves different books for different reasons, and I loved this one because of the way it places you in a child's mind. A child who's mind is being stretched by the things going on around her, a mind that is struggling to make sense of the world. How on earth does Harper Lee capture us with a story about a lazy small town? How does she fascinate us with the everyday? I think that the voice that tells her story is the magic key. Scout doesn't have any prejudices yet; she is being molded by those around her. She argues with them and puzzles about them and finally makes up her mind about them. She carefully watches all that is happening, and though she only discerns half of it, the older reader can pick up on all the rest. Sometimes, though, Scout is the wiser. She reaches straight through to ways of seeing things we would have never found, and says things we never would have dared to say, because we understand all the implications, but she does not.I was reluctant to read this book, I must admit. I mean, the title doesn't sound all that appealing, even if you know it isn't really about killing mockingbirds. In fact, I think that made it even worse, because then I asked, ""Well then, what is it about?"" and the back of the book (I have the Warner Books edition) didn't tell me much, and all my Mom said was, ""It's about prejudices in the south."" Well, I felt I had already read enough about that, but the more books I read with that all-encompassing description, the more I find that there is more to that topic than I ever imagined. We are a very diverse people, on this planet, and we all seem to have a different way of looking at things, a different way of saying things, a different community of thought that shapes us. For another thing, this book is about more than one kind of prejudice, so even if, after that, you still feel that you have read plenty of material on black discrimination, that's still no excuse to not read this book. History books tell you the story from the point of politicians. This tells you the story from the point of the people who lived during that time in their own small town, only distantly affected by those all-important matters. It tells you what people thought back then, which is every bit as important, I believe, as the events themselves.I can understand the vague descriptions on the book covers. I'm not sure that I could do better. I also understand why everyone says you should read it, and I heartily agree with them. You really should not miss out on this one. I don't think you need a big study guide to accompany it; if the author thought it needed that, she would have written one herself. Just sit down in a comfortable spot and read it. That's what Lee intended. That's how you'll enjoy it the most. When you're done, see if your view of things hasn't changed just a little bit. Maybe you'll smile every time you see a mockingbird. Maybe you'll stop and think every time too. That's what I do. I hope you do too."
"This was a required reading when  I was in school. Teenagers need to be taught about morality,'gray areas' and compassion at home.This book deals with a single Dad raising his two children( advanced subject matter for its time,even though a single parent household is run of the mill today)This book teaches about judging someone based off of no knowledge at all ( Boo) and judging someone based off of their skin color( Atticus's client)This book is insightful and well written and does not lag anywhere.Harper Lee does a wonderful job  bringing an era and experience to the reader.Another book I would recommend as a  ' read together book'for you and your teen."
"As shown in the pictures and description, the item came wrapped in its original paper, displaying the original price. It wasn't scratch or anything and the cost was awesome.  Even if I asked Amazon to wrap it for me and paid more, and they didn't..."
"I thought I was purchasing the book to download onto the Kindle. My daughter told me it would be the actual book. I have thought of returning it, but I may keep it and read it the old-fashioned way. My grandsons like the book also and i may pass it on to them."
"I read this book in high school years ago.... I don't recall much about it, except that it felt like a waste of time.  In looking for a good book, this kept popping up on everyone's favorite list.  I gave it a shot, and I loved it.  So well written.  I felt like I was there.  A great read."
"This is a book set in a bygone era, where girls had to wear skirts to school (it's almost hard to believe that it was required at one time!) and things were very different - cars were not as common, no internet or tv, etc. It's also a time where segregation and racism were seen as the norm, especially in the trial and persecution of a innocent black man accused of a crime by a white man who was the one who actually committed the crime. There's a lot of unfairness in this book, but it's an eye-opener and reminds us that there was once a time where such unfairness was acceptable. A very good read."
On the fiftieth anniversary of this book I wanted to reread Harper Lee's marvelous novel!  It has not disappointed!  Still one of the great American works!  A must read then get the Movie Classic with Gregory Peck!
"I am not going to bother reviewing this book.  Just read the first page and you are hooked up through the last line.  Then you simply savor Harper Lee's beautiful and tragic prose.But why, WHY can I not have this on my Kindle?  Third party issue I suppose.  Hope Amazon gets it worked out.  This is very disappointing..."
"It's one of those books I always said I would read 'one day'.  I received it as a Christmas gift and I am so grateful I did!  What a wonderful read!  I know it's a classic that people have probably had to read at one point or another for a class, but if you're like me and have put it off, don't!"
"Purchased for my 12 yr old grandson.  A wonderful read weaving a rich and realistic backward look at the hypocrisy and prejudice of ""deep South"" thinking and culture in the 30's.  ""Mockingbird"" provides an opportunity for rich conversation, discussion and learning between generations."
"I bought this book for my son to read. We have watched the movie several times and I had read this as a freshman in HS. As required literature appears to be a thing of the past in our school district, I wanted him to have an opportunity to read and discuss this book.Simply put, this book is the best piece of American literature because it's story appeals to all ages and still (unfortunately) reverberates in our present culture. If you are looking for a compelling, touching, insightful book for your child (junior high age is best) purchase this book without reservation. If you are not familiar with the story get a second copy for yourself. Do not miss the film with Gregory Peck. It too, is timeless. Happy Reading!!"
"A most thought provoking and relevent theme, given the conflict between ethnic groups and countries around the world today.I love the way the author has woven different ideas and life issues throughout the story, as seen through the innocent eyes of a child, and combined them together to show the reactions of ordinary people to extraordinary events. A must for all young students and should be required reading for all politicians and world leaders around the world. My thanks to Amazon for their prompt and reliable service- I am able to enjoy this book, which was delivered a week before Christmas, through the long, hot summer holidays here in Australia. Keep up the good work!"
"What is there to say about this book that hasn't already been said? I mean, it's one of the most critically acclaimed novels of the last fifty years, and is considered a classic of American literature. It's required reading in nearly every high school in America - and at the same time it's a regular guest on the American Library Association's ""Most Banned Books"" list.A lot of minds, many better than mine, have turned their thoughts to this book, and have no doubt picked every last shred of meaning, metaphor and symbolism from it. So what's left for me to say about it? Sure, I can talk about how it's a classic coming-of-age tale, about how Scout Finch, a young girl living in a small, insular town in Alabama, saw her world shaped and changed by the goodness and integrity of her father, Atticus. We can look at the family dynamics of the story - a family without a mother, save for the surrogate matriarch roles played first by the maid, Calpurnia, and then by Aunt Alexandria, Atticus' sister. We can analyze how the power in that family structure changes and shifts, and ultimately rests in Atticus' capable hands.Or we can look at the elements of symbolism in the book - the mad dog, foreshadowing the vicious Bob Ewell, whose hatred for Atticus costs him his life. Or the title, as we wonder throughout the book, ""Who is the mockingbird?"" Is it a person, even, or could it be something as intangible as Innocence? Of course we find out, in the end - it's the shut-in neighbor, Boo Radley, who must be protected as a mockingbird would be.And who is Boo, anyway? What does he mean to the America of the 1930s, in which the book was set? Or the 1960s, in which it was published? Or the Aughts, in which I'm reading it? Is he a metaphor for America at that time, too consumed by its troubles to venture out, yet willing to protect those it holds dear, an intentional foreshadowing of the Great War that lays only six years in the future? Or is he the ghostly antithesis of Atticus Finch, a man who does the right thing only once in his life, rather than every day?It's also a defense of the American legal system. The trial of Tom Robinson is hopelessly unwinnable, but Atticus knows that it is something to be marveled at that Tom even gets a chance. A thin chance, yes, but in so many other times and places, Tom would have just been killed right on the scene of his alleged crime, and no one would have done anything about it. But in America, the courts are the great levelers. Even a black man, who in that time and that place was a citizen only on sufferance, can still have his day in court. He had very little chance, but with a lawyer like Atticus, who believes wholeheartedly in the purity of Law, he had a better chance than most. ""Our courts have their faults,"" he says, ""as does any human institution, but in this country our courts are the great levellers, and in our courts all men are created equal."" Without this system, however, even a man of Atticus' talents and integrity wouldn't have been able to help Tom Robinson.I guarantee  - someone, somewhere has thought about all of these things, and has probably written more about them than I ever could. And with more passion and skill.  So I'll just write about what the book made me think, and hope I can put that into words that sound good to all of you.I want to be Atticus Finch when I grow up.As much as the book may be narrated by Scout, and Boo Radley haunts it like an unquiet ghost, the story is about Atticus - a good man in a small town who tries to do everything he can to make his part of the world a better place.The central event of this book, which echoes from first page to last, is a trial in which Atticus has to do an impossible thing - defend a black man from charges of raping a white woman. By taking this case, Atticus knowingly risks his reputation, his safety and his life, as well as those of his family. It's hard for us here, in an age when the United States has a black President, to truly understand just how racially broken the country used to be. Not that everything is hunky-dory now - anyone who claims that the election of President Obama somehow solved the problem to race in America has a lot of re-thinking to do. But it was so much worse back then.Atticus Finch is a man with an unshakable moral compass, who knows the difference between right and wrong and how to make sure he does the right thing. He knows that he is a role model not only for his children, but for the people of his town - in several parts of the book, he's likened to a savior.""We are so rarely called on to be Christians,"" says Miss Maudie, a rather progressive neighbor of the Finch's, ""but when we are, we've got men like Atticus to go for us."" He exhorts his children to spend time in another's skin, to really look at the world from their perspective, in order to understand why they do what they do. He values intellect and reason over emotion and fighting, but is not afraid to take action when it's absolutely necessary. He bears an immense responsibility on his shoulders, not only for the people of his town - black and white - but for his family, that he may raise his children to be good people as well.Probably my favorite Atticus moment in the book comes in chapter eleven, with the redemption of Mrs. Dubose. A cantankerous old woman living down the street, Mrs. Dubose is a terror to Scout and her brother Jem. She eventually provokes Jem into a fury, whereupon he destroys her camellias, the punishment for which is that Jem must go to her home and read to her for a month. He does, as he's Atticus' son and therefore keeps his promises, but it's not a pleasant duty. She drifts of into nearly comatose states by the end of their reading sessions, which last longer and longer as what Jem believes must be further punishment for his crime.It is only later, after Mrs. Dubose dies, that Atticus reveals the real reason Jem was sent to go read to her - so he could help her overcome a crippling morphine addiction before she died. She wanted to die free of her burden, and Atticus wanted his son to see what it means to truly be brave. It was important that Jem understand, before the trial got into full swing, that, ""It's when you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do."" Mrs. Dubose won, thanks to Atticus, and his son learned what it means to be brave.The only real criticism I can think of with regards to Atticus Finch is that he's too good. It's hard to find a flaw in the man, other than his nearly unbending insistence on doing the right thing, even if it should put his family in danger. He's kind of like Superman in that regard - his greatest flaw is his unwillingness to compromise on what is right, even if it hurts those close to him.Of all the flaws one could have, though, that's not too bad.I am reminded that one of the greatest questions of philosophy is ""Why should we do good?""  Atticus knows why. Because it's the only thing he can do and still live with himself. He doesn't need to justify what he does to anyone else. He doesn't need to convince anyone that he's doing what is right. He only needs to convince himself. As long has he can look his children in the eyes, he knows that what he's doing is right, and that's all he requires. And perhaps he is an idealist, yes. But he's an idealist who lives up to his ideals, who lives through those ideals every day. He knows that what he does won't necessarily going to change his little town, much less the world, but he does it anyway. Because that's what living a good and honest life means, and that's what I learned from Atticus Finch.What surprises me, honestly, is that this is the only book Harper Lee's written. It's so rich, so gripping, just so damn good that it's hard to believe she never had another story she wanted to tell. Her entry in Wikipedia says that she's written some essays and started a few novels, but never finished them, which saddens me. But then, perhaps some writers have countless stories in them - some of them great, some of them not - and others just have one. And in Lee's case, it was a humdinger.If you're going into high school and you're reading this - you will be required to read this book at some point. I know how irritating it is to be forced to read a book, and I know that anything an adult tells you is good must automatically suck. Nevertheless, I'm going to ask you to trust me on this one and give it a fair shake. There's a lot to learn from this book, and it'll stick with you for years.If you haven't read this one since high school - read it again. It's far better than you remember.--------------------------------------------------------""The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.""- Atticus Finch, To Kill a Mockingbird--------------------------------------------------------"
The book arrived quickly and was in better than expected condition.  I am greatly pleased with this purchase and I am sure my Grand-daughter will cherish her book for years to come.
"I gave a copy to each of my children, at Christmas. I believe it is the greatest novel of the 20th century"
"It's true, when I was in school To Kill a Mockingbird was the only book that I was ever grateful my teachers made me read. Of course we had to read Catcher in the Rye, Of Mice and Men, Grapes of Wrath, etc, but none of these books ever spoke to me the way that this one did. I fell in love with the characters, time period, the conflicts that arose from wanting to do what is right when everyone is telling you to do what you know is wrong, and the perspective of this turbulent time in history from the eyes of a young girl named Scout. It's truly a classic that will never die."
It was a little more worn then I thought and one page already coming out but they did say it was used and had markings which was fine.
What a gift.  I've been captivated by Harper Lee's voice from the first read to the tenth.  The theme of this book rings as true today as when it was written.  My all-time favorite book.
Of course this is a classic and it is also a wonderful book to read. I love this book as I am sure many others do as well
This is my favorite book and I wanted a nice copy to give to my niece as an Xmas gift. The cover is gorgeous!
"Just the way the book is printed and bound makes it feel like a special book. The story is well known, but this copy is a unique gift for a fan of literature."
"""to kill a mockingbird "" book print easy to read, with nice spacing between lines and print is nice and dark."
The book itself is a timeless classic.  This is easily one of my top 3 books I read in high school English class and remains one of my favorite books ever.  The 50th anniversary pages that look handmade are a really nice touch that helps this book stand out even more in anybody's collection.
Book was in very good shape.  Delivery was very fast.  I had just watched the movie on TCM and wanted to add the book to my library.  Thank you!
"A gift for my husband.  We have only ever watched the movie and love it.  Recently, at a parent teacher conference, the teacher advised the class will begin reading it.  She advised the book is a lot more than the movie.  My husband and I thought it would be cool to read the book as my son's class was reading it.  This book was chosen because of the hardcover.  Also, because it's the 50th anniversary edition."
"I have been making a point to read some of the 'Top 100 Books' over the years. Some of these books have been a little disappointing. 'To Kill a Mockingbird' is one of those books that lives up to all the credit it is given.Harper Lee takes us to the South of the 1930's through the eyes of Scout. Scout is the youngest child of Atticus Finch who is a lawyer in the small town. We see the poor conditions is this small town. The poor children who go to school with Scout and her brother Jem. We see the segregation and hate towards the African Americans.We see a small town gripped in the prejudices of the age. An African American man is accused of raping a poor white girl and the linch mobs form up. Scout is able to diffuse a conflict and made smarter minds prevail through her innocent outlook.This books is wonderful and while the times described seem so long ago, unfortunately the message still rings clear and is timely."
"It almost seems pointless to write a review of this book given the number already here. But out of curiosity I clicked through to the bad reviews to see what people were saying. It's astonishing and frightening. Just like the book.I've read this novel about a dozen times over my life -- I'm now 53. Every time I read it, there is something in it I did not see before, and I imagine that is because my own view of life and the world has changed over time. There are many novels that I loved at some point, but when I read them again I find they aren't what I remembered. This novel is not one of them. It grows richer and deeper with each reading, and no matter what, I weep at the end when Scout realizes it's Boo who saved her brother's life.It is a novel rich with characters, interesting complicated characters, and that is what always draws me back to this story. If you read it in high school because you had to, please set aside what it meant (or didn't mean) then, and read it again. It is larger and more expansive than you ever could have understood then. Really."
"Though I haven't bought this on Amazon.com, I still want to leave a review for this product.  This book is one of the best I've ever read, and the 50th anniversary hardcover edition is the best way to celebrate this masterpiece.  The paperbacks I got in school didn't do it justice.  I can't wait to reread this great work of literature!"
When I was in school this was a required read. I read the cover and made my report without reading the whole book.  Needless to say all of these years I missed a Wonderful story that could have been a help in my life.  So you kids out there you will not regret reading this story I promise.  What a wonderful book!
"I had to read this book in my English class. the first chapers were so boring! i had to force myself to get through it. the clymax was awesome! Good book,"
"I read this book for my English class and looking at the cover I thought it might be a pretty okay story but I was definitely wrong! From the very first chapter I was captured by Lee's captivating and mysterious characters. Boo Radley, the classic camp-fire story character, reminded me of the stories I used to hear about monsters in the woods that were located near my house from the way he was portrayed as this secluded person with a strange and twisted history. The end of the story was far from what I expected because of all the plot twists. Scout, the little tomboy narrator of the story, provided the intriguing perspective of a 6-year old girl instead of the usual teen or adult point of view like in other novels. Looking through her eyes at the trial between Tom Robinson and Bob Ewell, I believe, may have let some parents who have read the story know that kids may be kids but they can still see and understand that something bad is going on. Overall I think that this is an outstanding book that everyone should read."
This book has a decent cover though the papers are low grade and uneven at the edges. I would think that for a celebration of 50 years they could do better. I bought this for my Mom's book collection.
"An eighth grader like myself doesn't take much interest in classic literature like TKAM. This, however, doesn't mean it wasn't a good book. Harper Lee did a wonderful job of using her own life experience combined with masterful use of an expansive vocabulary to construct a great storyline. Even the movie version, though condensed, won many Academy Awards. If it was a little more modern, I would have enjoyed it more."
I ordered this for a middle school language arts class.  It beats reading it to the students or the students reading it aloud.  This story has many words the students do not know and having the tape is great.  THis came to me in excellent condition.  No problems.  I did sign up for expediated delivery  but it somehow did not happen.  Took a little longer to get to me than I wanted.  Think it was a computer glitch since I ordered 2 item and the other expediated.
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee is a powerful book that has taught life lessons to young and old readers. Set in the small town of Maycomb, Alabama, the protagonist, Scout or Jeah Louise, is a brave, funny, outspoken tomboy who must overcome the challenge of society. This book will mesmerize readers to read until they finish the book.To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book for middle school students who enjoy classic novels, humor, and mystery because it's all three genres! If the reader is interested in mystery they will like this book because you will want to learn more about the mysterious Boo Radley. There is also a feeling of humor in the book as we look at the world through Scout's eyes. Lastly, like most classic novels, the book leaves us with a sense of who we are as people, and the innocence and cruelty we show as humans.In closing, To Kill a Mockingbird is a deeply moving novel filled with hardships and surprises. Whether you're a young adult or old, To Kill a Mockingbird is an amazing book that you will remember forever.By: Z.MDC"
"This is my favorite book, i bought this one to replace the one I lost. I have adored this book since I was a kid and now my 16 year old is reading it, definitely a classic, and its a book that was made into an equally impeccable movie that is true to the story with a winning cast including Gregory Peck"
"When it comes to a spellbinding story told efficiently with heartfelt love, few titles can compare to Harper Lee's TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD.  Heck, none can.  Like most people, I was introduced to this classic while in high school; it was one of the few books I was ""force fed"" that I ended up enjoying immensely.  Over the years I've returned to this inspiring tale about growing up in the Depression South--a place that could be downright ugly and archaic, if not for the innocent point of view of 9-year-old Scout Finch.  To Scout, life pretty much consists of trailing big brother Jem and Dill Harris--who spends summers in Maycomb with his aunt--in their adventures ""outing"" the local boogey man, Boo Radley.  The harsh realities of intense segregation are lost on Scout; she's just a tomboy living in a small town with Jem and her attorney father, Atticus.  It's not until Atticus agrees to defend a young black man accused of raping a white woman that Scout discovers a disquieting truth about her town. . .about the culture of racial prejudice.  And Scout and Jem even become victims of this ugliness, until they are saved by a most unlikely hero.My goodness, can Ms. Lee write.  Her prose is simple and direct--with this author less is definitely more--but her passages, descriptions, observations, and dialogues are mesmerizing.  From a spinster neighbor showing Scout her bridge work, to the courtroom loft of African-Americans rising to their feet in tribute to Atticus, Lee's story brings Maycomb and its people to rich, dynamic life.  Atticus Finch is a literary icon, and rightly so; a gentle, patient, and loving father to his motherless children, Atticus never does things because they are expedient, he does things because they are right, and because, as he tells Scout, he could never hold his head high if he didn't do the right thing.  This is a character who flows through the narrative leading by example in the eyes of his children--in the eyes of the reader.  I always feel it's redundant rhetoric whenever I hear someone lament that Harper Lee only wrote one novel.  As flawless and as timeless as TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is, what more would Lee have to show or prove?--D. Mikels, Esq."
"What makes a great book is great characters and that's what I found in Harper Lee's, To Kill a Mockingbird--great characters!  I loved Scout, Jem, Dill, and most of all, the gentle Atticus. It's a classic novel that I am so glad that I took the time to read."
"This book was perfect.  It was exactly what my daughter needed for school, since it was a requirement.  She really enjoyed the book."
Harper Lee is a great author and he proved with this book.  To Kill a Mockingbird changed my life and I thank Harper Lee for his book.  This book is one of the best of all time and is my favorite.  Harper Lee is a great author and his books amaze me every time!!!
"This book changed my life, freshman year of high school. We had to read this because it was required, and I did not want to read the book because I hated required reading. However, when I finally set down and read the book, I did not want to put the book down. Harper Lee pieced this book together in an exceptional way, and I did not want to stop reading. I recommend this book to children and even young adults."
This is a classic. I read this as a sophomore in high school and it is the only book I have wanted to read twice. The symbolism throughout to the issues of the era is so incredible. I would definitely reccommend this book to everyone above the age of 14. It is such a great read. Scout is such an inspirational character.-Kaycedh
"I appsolutely adore this book! It tells such a life changing story, that really gives you insight on life. This book is the reason I fell in love with reading in the first place and I have continued reading it numerous times over the years! This story will never bore me or stop bringing out my emotional side. I hope this books continues to inspire for the next 50 yrs plus many many more!"
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite books.  I've loved it since I was young.  This is a very nice hardcover edition.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes nice books.
"This was a very good book, great price and my wife enjoyed reading it again.  She had not read ""To kill a Mockingbird"" for many years and she was happy to get the book as a gift.  She finished the book within a few days and now we have added the book to our library."
"It had been awhile since I last read this book. I'd forgotten, or maybe I never really realized, how well Harper Lee writes. The sentences in this book are perfect. I was amazed by reading the simplicity of the story, and yet the message was presented powerfully. If you haven't ever read this, do yourself a favor and read it. I will definitely be reading this again, and again, and again."
"This is a great book.Believe it or not, I read it first 50 years ago when it first came out and I was taking English 101.  I decide to read it again and it was worth the effort.  Recommend"
Received book in excellent condiction in the specified time frame.  I highly recommend this company.
"To Kill A Mockingbird is one of those novels which feels intensely personal to a lot of people, and it's one of those books which is such a staple of American culture that I can't imagine a time when I wasn't at least familiar with the film.  I think I've been steeped in To Kill A Mockingbird my entire life.The novel is about the lawyer Atticus's struggle in the South to defend a black man who is charged with the rape of a white girl, and who is presumed guilty until proven innocent due to his race.  The narrative is told from the perspectives of Atticus' two young children, Scout and Jem.  The trial scenes in the novel are some of the most powerful scenes you will ever read, and the novel really is a wonder--particularly for the time in which Harper Lee was writing.To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the most engaging, interesting, thought-provoking novels in American history, uses some of the most stunning examples of imagery I have ever seen, and one of the most well-sustained plots I have ever read.  There is never a dull moment in the novel, and just when one is afraid that the novel will peter off into an anticlimactic finale, Lee brings the novel to an extraordinarily satisfying ending.  I challenge anybody to read To Kill A Mockingbird and not come away wanting to tell everyone you know about it."
I never had time to read or see To Kill a Mockingbird. I am certainly glad I found time to read the book. The highly dramatic small Southern town story is told from a child's point of view in a very adult & intelligent language.
what a great drama! I tell everyone I know to read it so it doesn't stay a secret outside of school. my favorite part was when the town loses its TEMPER and becomes an angry mob!
I've read this book fifteen times and I love it to death!  Everyone should read it right now!  Go Scout!
"All critics have to sit around and pat each other on the back for having read this novel. There is something so timeless and simply outstanding about this novel that even the most harsh critic will praise it.All ages, all generations what's not to love?"
I loved this book. Sissy Spacek was the perfect actor to do the book. She brought it to life. I was sorry when the book was over!
"I read this book probably 35 - 40 years ago as a young teenager and had forgotten about it until I came across the movie on TCM (Turner Classic Movies) which shows up every so often in their schedule. Anyway, I wanted to read the book again because it was an intriguing book and the subject matter was race relations in the old south. Author Harper Lee never wrote another novel as successful as this one but if one had to write an only novel in ones lifetime, this was the kind of book to write.It was painful to read the old practices of the old south because racial prejudice was so prevalent back then that confronting it was not advisable. The story of the Finch family and the perspective from Scout and Jem's point of view makes the story so inspiring and touching because it represented the hope of better race relations based on what they had witnessed in the court room.  The young children of Atticus Finch were the epitome of hope in raising the hood over the ignorant blind rage of bigotry.There are other characters in the novel worth reading about. If you live in the southern part of the United States, some of these people are very familiar to you. They are your uncles,aunts, cousins, neighbors and acquaintances. They are as familiar as sunrise. The character of Boo Radley and the Radley family was enough to make you keep reading. The climactic end was so satisfying.Learn from the book - and study other people. It will help you with a better understanding of who you are as a person with prejudice, even if you believe that you have none. We all have prejudices - it's just the way it is. The key is to learn about them and try to unlearn them, especially when it comes to dealing with other people other than yourself."
"I'm sure I read this book a long time ago, but I had forgotten the story.  It was a delight to read it again and to be reminded of what life was like when I was a child....the things we talked about, the ways we reacted to things, etc.  This time, it was really hard to put it down at night and go to bed!The main theme of the book was the somber truth, though, and just a terribly sad part of our history.I highly recommend this to anybody, whether you read it 40 years ago or not."
"I read this in 2010, 50 years since the original publication. This is a story that takes place on the brink of tumultuous social change and a great racial rift during the 1960's. Told from the viewpoint of a woman recalling her years from the age of 6 through 9, the dialog of the children in this story can be quite comical. Scout, the main character telling her story, has a father, an attorney who ends up defending a wrongly accused black man. Scout and her brother Jem learn quite a bit during that time. What stuck in my mind was the sadness as I relived those kinds of memories. I would have been around Scout's age during that time. The injustices made me cry back then; it did the same for the children in this story. As taken from the book, after the verdict's decision came back as guilty and Jem asks his father how they could do that, his father replies with, ""I don't know, but they did it. They've done it before and they did it tonight and they'll do it again and when they do - seems that only children weep."" What an excellent book. I loved it! Please take the time to read this wonderful classic."
I bought this book for a friend who is in a nursing home.  It was a nice book and came in good time.  Thank you.
My order was handled in 2 days! Received in perfect condition! Will order from this seller again! FANTASTIC!!!!!!
"Wonderful book, everyone shoud read it and think about it.  Everything said about the ""Negroes"" can be applied to the Jews and other people not regarded as humans by many.  I do believe it is compulsory reading in high school English.  If it isn't, it should be!"
This classic is well worth the read - again! Fifty years after it was written and it still is full of fascinating and well-developed characters and interactions. Loved it - again!
Very small print. This is a different edition of the  book with very small print. And the cover picture was different from the one shown.
Great book and glad to revisit after so many years. Read for my book club.Now I want to see the film again!
"This used book came from Gani Perolli in New Jersey.  The book was listed as used in good condition.  When it came it was so old that all the pages were brown.  That I could overlook, but the musty smell was more than I could take.  Disappointed that they would send a book  with such an objectionable smell.....They did tell me to return the book and they would reimburse me, but the nuisance and cost of sending a 5.99 purchase back was more than I wanted to do."
"Havent read this since High School.  I was viewing the Teach with Tony Danza and was inspired and motivated by what he did in Phillie, PA back in 2009-2010.  Im sorry that after all the hard work to get this program out that it didnt do better in ratings.  Additionally, sadden that Tony Danza and his wife have agreed at this writing to go for a divorce after almost 25 years of marriage.  Im praying that they will stop it though.  There is always hope.  Anyway, this was one of the books he was using in the 10th Grade English class on literature."
"While the book came within the specified time, it took longer than normal.  Was hoping for a quicker delivery."
"When I think about what makes a wonderful human being, I immediately say Atticus Finch. This extraordinary 50th anniversary edition is a treasure to read again and again. All the characters portrayed are so alive and special.And the depiction of the South was true to the time. Harper Lee is a marvelous writer who cares about her characters and her place in history."
this book was perfect for my daughers english class. she could totaly understand the reading of this era. perfect for the expectations the teacher had. would highly recommend this one.
"I'm 50 years old, and my mother taught me to read before I ever started school. I earned three English degrees and have spent a lifetime reading. And ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is the single best novel I've ever read. Not only does it capture a time and a place flawlessly, but it describes the most important actions we can ever make in life--how to do the right thing no matter how unpleasant the consequences. It's about how to be tolerant and open-minded and to think for oneself, in the midst of a society that is small and petty and selfish and mean. Human nature being what it is, I hope this novel lives in reprints for the next 500 years."
I purchased To Kill A Mocking Bird for my grandson for an assignment at his high school. We both found it to be very easy to read. We are both happy with this purchase.
"I actually enjoyed this book. For a classical book, it really isn't all that boring or difficult to read. It starts off a little slow in the beginning, but it gets a lot better if you give it a chance. Scout is a great choice to narrate the book, because since she's the youngest, her perspective on their world is a lot different, younger and more innocent. I think it's really humorous to read her views on adult issues, because she doesn't always understand them. If it were Jem or Atticus narrating the book, I don't think it would be as good.Even though some of the language used in the book is a bit confusing, it isn't enough to where you don't understand what you are reading. It took me a while to read this book because you have to concentrate on the words to really comprehend it; you can't just fly through it and expect to understand it all.I think parts of this book are really sad, like how racist people where to blacks back then. I mean, we're all human, aren't we? What does it matter what we look like on the outside? Being different does not make you a bad person.Overall, I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a good classic to read."
"I bought this for my wife who is a real fan of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", Atticus, Scout, Jim and Boo.  She has the DVD and watches it while doing her chores and cooking in the kitchen.  She can almost recite the movie's dialogue.  This was a great gift at Christmas.  She has read it now and claims it was very close to the movie, rather than the movie being close to the book.  It is of very good quality and we have proudly added it to our library.  It arrived quickly and no damage and the price was excellent!Gordon Ferguson"
"I will not purchase from this vendor in the future.  There are two pages in the book that have pieces missing; therefore, reading is interrupted.  I emailed the vendor to please copy and forward those pages to me and my request has not been honored thus far.  I have always purchased used books and have always been pleased.  This book and vendor are both a huge disappointment."
The item was shipped normaia mail the same or next day.  The delivery was normal for this type of shipment. The book arrived in mint condition along with the packaging.  The end result was very satisfying.we will use this route again.
I read this book back in the early 1960s when it was new.  The book changed my life for the better.  I just reread it and it is still powerful but I was surprised at how different it was than what I remembered.  My memory from high school is mostly about the trial.  When I reread it this year I saw much more of the brilliant writing and the interplay of the characters.  Part of the genius of this book is how good it is and how easy it is to read.
"the copy I received had a signature on the fly page, which was indicated when I purchased it.  However, there were underlines and comments throughout the book which were a bit distracting.  However, the book itself deserved every award it received!"
"Even in this day and age, this book provides a tremendous opportunity to teach the age-old message of ""do the right thing"" and ""do unto others""! Even kids of the current generation ar emoved by this story.  Young and old alike will find it a valuable read ( including better_bargains.com who made purchasing this book a nightmare)."
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a must read. What a well-written story and a great lesson comes from this book. Readers of all ages will fall under it's spell. After 50 years it is still one of the BEST!"
Excellentprice.  I shopped all the internet and this was the best price for a hardcover.
"One of the joys of being a grandparent is passing on significant &precious experiences to our grandkids.  I just gave my llyr old, avid reader my favorite book,""To Kill a Mockingbird 50 yr Edition. She'sa bit young but it's there for the days she picks it up. She too maylearn to love Aticus & family."
"If you are like me and remember the movie more than the book, or if you read the book long ago, you may not realize how much of the book focuses on Atticus as a parent. He is a great role model as a father, always looking ahead to how what his children do now will shape them in the future. I'm sure this was read as ""permissiveness"" at the time, but the wisdom is apparent if you pay attention.The story of Boo frames the story, his continued, protected innocence as Scout and Jem are ushered out of their own innocence by Atticus and by the events of the story.A great book -- deserves all the praise it has gotten."
"Recently I discovered a serious gap in my fiction collection, one of the important novels of the last century. ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" did indeed live up to its reputation as an outstanding American novel, not afraid to take on an important social issue and showthe nature of the prejudice that had (and still has) infected our country. Well written, an important read."
"the book was great and it came on time. the only problem was that the pages were folded, but other then that it was good"
"With all the superfluous materials filling bookshelves accross the world, its great to see a work like this celebrated.  Timeless classics are called that for a reason, and this one is at the top of my list.  This is the only book Harper Lee wrote, as if she collected all her talent and wisdom and poured it into one novel.  Telling the story from a little girls point of view, albeit a prodigy of a girl, was a stroke of genious.  Reading this book is an enriching experience, not just an entertaining passage of time. If a person had only 5 choices of literature to read, this would have to be one of them. (Add to this The Bible, something from Shakespeare, and 4th and 5th place are tied by a dozen other books:)"
"The best way I can think of to describe ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is that Harper Lee has managed to take a period of time from the 1930's Deep South and transform that into a novel. From the reviews I've seen, the depth with which this novel is written is often understated. The setting and the characters are so well drawn, and done so subtly, that I couldn't help but be pulled in.I also find that reviews understate the scope of the story. Alot of the time people focus on the trial, and the theme of racism, but it's so much more than that. The story touches on issues of gender, class, and religion. It touches on compassion and empathy, and justice. But, as with all detailed, complex, and well-realised stories, there's a greater depth to things, despite how simple everything seems on the surface.There are two plots here. The first, introduced in the opening chapter, spans the whole novel. It's through this plot that the entire story moves. We get to see and experience life in Maycomb, as well as the children's quest to see Boo Radley. Basically, this plot is character-driven. This story is subtle; it's something you'll probably understand from the read, but will have to think about to articulate it.The second plot is the trial. While this is, essentially, the heart of the book, it couldn't be written this well without everything else. This is introduced subtly, and is built-up over the course of the story. This is really done quite well; Lee starts with small details, then the details and events get increasingly larger, more immediate, more important. More background is established, and everything is made clear. One event leads to another, and I was dragged along with it. Even when the narrative isn't focused on the trial, it has a purpose, albeit an indirect one. It's like easing into a warm bath.The writing is consistently tight. I don't recall seeing an unnecessary word, or a poorly written sentence, and I'm a pedant about these things. Everything on the page, every scene, has relevance; the amount of space given to it is, more or less, directly proportionate to the importance of what's happening. And even though long periods of time are often skipped or reduced into a paragraph or two, the shift in time is worked smoothly.The characterisation is also great. I found almost all the characters compelling in their own way. They're complex people, and almost all the character cast are sympathetic in one way or another. There's also alot of conflict, and moral dilemmas on top of that. All of the main characters are written excellently, with a resonating solidity. And when these characters are going through tough moments, and being torn apart inside, we're not beaten over the head with it. It's handled delicately, yet the narrative doesn't wallow in it, and Lee isn't concerned with emotional dramatics.And the social commentary is great. Some may complain about preaching to the choir, but I feel an ever-present reminder is appropriate given the frequency with which the message can be conveniently ignored. But again, we're not beaten over the head with the themes, they're just often present. Not to mention that the message is conveyed precisely, and with such an underlying strength to add to the book's power.Combine all these together, and you end up with a formidable book. I thoroughly enjoyed this, found the story engaging, and looking back my fondness of it only grows.5/5"
"I read this wonderful book in 6th grade.  Forever after, and for some unknown reason, I compared all families to the Finch Family.  (I was not from a broken home, and many of my friends were not, either.)  To me this book didn't just cover the south, it covered the potential for hope in all families.  It never occurred to me that there were people out there who had not read this book.  Some years later I was talking to Shawn and discovered he'd not had the joy.  I admit I nagged him a little about it.Okay.  I nagged him a lot.One year rolled into two, which rolled into five or more.  Every time it came up in media, or someone mentioned it, or I saw maple syrup, I mentioned it.  I'd say, ""Have you read that book yet?""  And he'd say, ""I see the syrup is on the table again.""  And I'd say back, ""You'll never know how important chifferobe's are.""  And he'd say, ""What's a chifferobe?  Why is it in the maple syrup?""  Once I told him it was a bug, a special space bug.  Another time I told him it was a type of mystical knowledge found in the leaves of a scuppernong arbor.  After a long time of this one day he tells me, ""Did you know a chifferobe is a piece of furniture?  I looked it up online.""  I told him, ""Probably named after the wonderful seat-of-the-pants sports game in To Kill a Mockingbird.""  And he said, ""Oh, I should read that book, then, huh?""  I said: ""Yes.""The next day Shawn bought the book.  He read three paragraphs and put it down.  This is a person who consumes massive tomes in hours.  I asked, ""What are you doing?  Don't you like the book?""  And he said, ""I like it a lot.  One doesn't waste a good read like this by pushing through it in one sitting.  One savors it.""  And he said, ""It's not about space aliens, is it?  Scuppernong's aren't real either, are they?""  I said, ""You'll see.""Since then he brings it up whenever it's in the media, or someone mentions it, or he sees maple syrup."
"I don't know why but I waited a very long time to read this book. I think the film is one of the best ever made, although it never seems to make into the top 10 of any critic's list, but is certainly in my favourite 5. I think it might have been this that prevented me from taking it down from my bookshelf where it has lain unopened for at least 20 years; the fear that it might disappoint and, in some way, diminish my love of the movie and Elmer Bernstein's heartrendingly beautiful score. I need not have worried; if anything it has enhanced my appreciation of it.The book, of course, stands on its own as a sublime evocation of the lost innocence of childhood and it is Lee's great skill that she is able to elicit, through her prose and Scout's narration, a child's truth, which produces a wonderful portrait of, what surely must be, one the great literary creations; Atticus Finch, in all his glory: the father of Scout and her brother Jem, struggling to bring up his children in a time of great hardship, both economic and moral, the latter struggle epitomized by the seemingly endless patience he shows in pointing out to them, in the face of apparently overwhelming evidence to the contrary, that their lives should truly be lived according to the dictum ensconced within the Declaration of Independence: that `all men are created equal'.  Thus we observe the children's growth in understanding of this teaching as they witness the horrible injustice perpetrated by the laws constituted to, among other things, safeguard the rights of all men. This is illustrated, beautifully too, through the, ironical, persecution of Boo Radley and their growing realization that, perhaps, the `boogey man' they have long feared is not their reclusive immediate neighbour but the evil, ignorance and hatred ineradicably woven into the fabric of the everyday lives of all but a few the people they have long taken for granted as representing the norm.When first in print perhaps it had a great influence, along with the movie and others, such as Guess Who's Coming to Dinner and In the Heat of the Night, on fair minded people in America with regard to questions of race, colour and creed, even while the riots in Detroit and elsewhere were raging - who knows? One thing I do know is that this book is a masterpiece of imaginative writing and will endure for decades to come and beyond when we can only hope that the issues at its core are a distant memory."
"This book is very inspirational, and good read. It describes the setting of the southern living back in the day of slavery. The plot of the story is, Scout Finch, daughter of Atticus Finch, watches her father defend a black man, who is accused of rape. This is a fun story, compassionate, loving, and dramatic. I believe all people should read this, sometime in their education, that way they can be inspired and learn from their adventure."
"Everyone else has said it all.  I don't know how I avoided this book for so long, but I did, until a week ago.  What makes it a classic?  Harper Lee could have written that book last week instead of 50+ years ago.  Sadly, race equality is still an issue for many. Luckily, there are still people like Atticus Finch to uphold moral values."
"I expected this book to be of good quality considering it's a special edition. Honestly, I think I was sold a defective reject. The pages appear tattered because they were not trimmed to an even depth. I collect books; this one will not make it into my collection.  To Kill A Mockingbird, however, is a fabulous classic."
"This book is one of the best books I have read in my entire life. In a small Alabama town, a trial against a black man named Tom Robinson shakes up the whole town, when Tom Robinson is falsely accused of rape. This is told through the eyes of a tomboy, Scout Finch, who encounters moral questions along the way while her father defends Tom Robinson. The parts about her first experiences in 1st grade are wonderfully humorous :) This is an enthralling book, and a true classic. What I think the author is saying about mockingbirds and Tom Robinson, is that it is a sin to kill either, with a BB gun or prejudice, because they are both innocent."
"Harper Lee is a genius. This is a cleverly written book that deals with prejudice in the South. Scout Finch is a child growing up in the South, whose father defends a black man, Tom Robinson, who is falsely accused of rape. Lee spins a story of Scout Finch encountering taunts about her father defending Tom Robinson, and eventually, Tom Robinson is shot while trying to escape from jail. This is a poignant book, and a definite must-read. (PS I think that when Atticus tells Scout that it is a terrible sin to kill a mockingbird, it is a clever metaphor for the sin of killing Tom Robinson in cold blood.)"
"I will not be writing about the story, just the actual book.I am not happy with the quality of this book. I bought a book listed Acceptable with details as gentle wear and tear. I thought that would be binding wore a tad and slightly yellowed pages. No this book has 2 large creases on the front cover, all corners bent, and writing in/on the book. This should have been listed in the details."
This was one of the books I have been wanting to read since my daughter was in school. I am glad I purchased it. This book was in good condition.
"Finally, a classic that I enjoyed! Ms. Lee's voice resonates with truth and character. Scout is an unforgettable young lady.The phrasing, especially the southern dialect is written in such a way that it conveys the sound of the words, but is not confusing.The plot is satisfying and worth the investment.I wish I'd read it sooner."
"I enjoyed reading this classic story and found strong moral undertones present.  I enjoyed the ideas presented by the characters as well.  However, I also thought Lee droned on about seemingly trivial matters in certain cases.  It was almost like reading an aside at times.  After getting accustomed to her style, I trained myself to skim these sections that were not central to the plot."
"I read this book many years ago and of course watched the movie. I bought it this time for my grandchildren to read and hope they will enjoy it. It is not a great novel in any artistic sense of the word, but it is a great book."
Although you tend to be forced to read it in grade school there's no doubt about the reasons why.  A book full of lessons and beautiful prose it's frightful if it's not on your list.  Sometimes it's slow like a southern drawl and other times it's as quick as a motorcycle.  It's sure to keep you interested if you give it the time of day.
Small mixup in shipment; but when it was brought to the seller's attention.  Readily and quickly took care of it.  Book as advertised.
I was very pleased by the quality of this book when received. This is one of my favorite books and will be passed along to my wife as a gift as she loves this story also.
"Here are a couple of quotes that appealed to me:I never loved to read.  One does not love breathing.A mob's always made up of people.Just some facts about the book -  * Lee spent two and a half years writing To Kill a Mockingbird  * the book was published on July 11, 1960; it was initially titled Atticus, but Lee renamed it to reflect a story that went beyond a character portrait  * Dill is modelled on Truman Capote (then known as Truman Persons)In a 1964 interview, Lee remarked that her aspiration was ""to be...the Jane Austen of South Alabama"".  Literary critic Jean Black lists the priorities shared by the two authors - ""affirmation of order in society, obedience, courtesy, and respect for the individual without regard for status"".An absolute must read if only for the amazing courage and determination of the characters - Oh and the delightful humour!!!"
"I first read this when I was about 12 and thought it was great.  I'm 53 now and just reread it, and my appreciation has only increased.It's not just the beautiful evocation of life in a small Southern town (with delicious pies and cakes constantly coming out of someone's oven), the poignant moral dilemma of racism, the tight plot, or the unforgettable characters.  For me it's the pitch-perfect voice of Scout, one of the great characters in literature.  Of course Atticus is great too - this should be required reading for all expectant fathers - and the movie places much focus there, but the novel puts you inside Scout's mind and that is a fine place to be.When I was looking for a copy I stopped in a small used book store, having found that many regular stores were sold out (I guess because of the recent publicity).  The used bookstore was sold out too, but the woman there said ""Harper Lee only wrote one book, but she said everything she needed to say in it.""  That feels about right."
This is the best book to read to understand the evil and human price paid because of racial prejudice. Outstanding in every possible way. Thank God for creating Harper Lee!!
"For those worried that this is a sub par edition, please take the negative reviews with a grain of salt. The decorative design is called deckle edge and the pages are designed to look handmade. The pages are high quality and this hardback edition is beautifully done.This is a great second copy for those of you who want a beautiful hardback to replace the copy you read as a young student.For those who have not read it, the book is one of the best ever. A must read."
"From this story's beginning, we walk right into 1930s Southern life, visualizing the characters in this small town through the eyes of one of its children, Scout Finch, who narrates this wonderful tale.With her older brother Jem and their summer friend Dill, these children explore the small world within two blocks of their home, imagining and fantasizing and sometimes obsessing over a mysterious man named Albert (Boo) Radley.  The stories about him reveal a troubled young man contained in his home by his punitive father.  But long after the father's death, Boo stays out of sight.Meanwhile, the town begins stirring over a controversial happening--Atticus Finch, a lawyer and the father of Jem and Scout has taken on the case of defending a black man against charges that he raped a white woman.  Never mind that there is no physical evidence, nor are the ""witnesses"" even slightly credible.  Finch pokes holes in the prosecution's case, and Jem, Scout, and Dill, watching from the balcony, feel sure of an acquittal.What these children learn from this case and the subsequent aftermath is that life is often unjust. But their father tries to help them see that understanding another person can only happen when you ""walk in his shoes.""Empathy, integrity, compassion, and yes, life's injustices--all of these are brought home to these children growing up in a Southern small town during the 30s.  When a surprising rescuer saves Jem and Scout from the evil of one bitter man, they also learn that things are not always the way they seem.The ending of To Kill a Mockingbird (slipcased edition) was just a beginning, in a sense, as Scout, our narrator, comes to understand what Atticus has been saying all along...most people are ""nice,"" too, ""when you finally see them."""
My daughter needed to read this book for school as a summer project.  It was convenient and quick to order it from Amazon.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of those books that almost every single student was assigned to read in high school whether it be a real high school or one of those fictional high schools we all see in movies and television. Woefully, I was not one of those students. And since I was (and still am) a proud nerd and bookworm, I was really looking forward to reading this as soon as I entered high school. I was so disheartened when I wasn't assigned this book or Shakespeare or Catcher in the Rye; you know, all of those books that are supposed to be a staple of your academic high school life. So, I have tried to rectify that and thought To Kill a Mockingbird would be a great way to do so. And I was not disappointed.I'm also weary of reading classics because I always think that they'll be difficult to read and I won't get through it (like Pride and Prejudice and Rebecca. Seriously, I've tried three times to read these two and can never get past a certain point every time). Or worse I'll get through it and realize that I loathed it. Which would then lead to all of those inevitable looks my fellow readers would give me when I say I HATED To Kill a Mockinbird. It just wouldn't be pretty. So, I put this book off for years. There was no reason for me to worry because To Kill a Mockinbird was surprisingly readable. I thought that it would take me like fifty pages to get into it, but from the first page, I was already entranced in Scout's world like it was my own. Getting into a book so deeply is what I love most about the magic of reading and that was really emphasized in this book.The characters were all extremely real and I loved Scout, Jem, Dill, Atticus, Calpurnia, etc. Even the Ewells, who you aren't really supposed to like, were all layered and just leapt off the page. The whole situation: the race tensions, Tom Robinson's trial, Atticus' struggle to remain noble, were all the things that contributed to make this book not only amazing, but page-turning. So much that I literally had to force myself to stop a couple of times and savor the beautiful writing.While many say it's a shame that Harper Lee never published anything again, I personally think that there was no way she would've ever topped the success that To Kill a Mockingbird garnered. Maybe to Lee, it seemed like this was the only story she needed to tell and she told it beautifully. To Kill a Mockingbird has become my favorite read of the year so far (tied with I Capture the Castle) and I know that this is a story that I'm going to re-read over and over again and pick up something new every time. This was definitely an amazing and enchanting novel."
"My order arrived as scheduled but the edition itself is disappointing.  The advertised ""50th Anniversary Edition"" of Harper Lee's work, To Kill a Mockingbird, is small, measuring only 7""x4.""  This book, with its worn- looking, discolored pages, rustically bound with red glue, contributes to the impression that it is an old volume  left over from 1982, the date of the first mass marketing edition.  This is not a criticism of the work itself, which I expect to be wonderful."
"Harper Lee's book is perhaphs one of the most moving, touching nd genuinley charming tales in literature.  The central themes, prejudice, honor and bravery, could come off as moralistic or dry in the hands of someless skilled, but Lee delivers with pure warmth.  The grave trial of Tom Robinson (falsely charged with rape by the a family that is the epitome of 'white trash') is balanced with the voice and humorous insights of Scout, the novel's nine-year-old narrator: for all of the import of the trial and the town's divisveness on the race issue, we have Scout's insights, when watching Calpurnia cook, that ""there may be some skill in being a girl after all.""  Each character is brilliantly brought to life, from the graceful Miss Maudie to the enigmatic Boo Radley,but perhapps none more than Atticus Finch.  Perhaps the most honorable character in literature, Atticus (an attorney) takes the unwinnable task of defending Tom Robinson because if he did not, ""he would not able to look his children in the eye."" Atticus does what is right regardless of personal sacrrifice. This wisdom and heart is immedialtey evident in Jem and Scout, who, almost insincitvely carry themselves with the same honor and sense of right.But what makes this book great is not just the bravery in the face of hate or the dignity of the Finchs. What makes the book memorable is the charm and humor: the games the children played to coax Boo Radley out of his home; the children's keen observations of the adults around them; and the puppy love tale of Scout and Dill.  With each page the characters and the setting come alive and cannot help but evoke a smile.  This is a book to read again and again, revisiting just how wonderful it is."
The copy I received was filled with hand written notes throughout the text. I was very disappointed in this purchase.
Book was in great condition. A must have for any book reader. The message will always be current. Buying this book was a great way to celebrate Harper Lee's book of 50 years.
"I read this in high school, it was the best book I had ever read.  I read it again to my daughter when she was 11 and once again loved it.  There was so much more to it than I remembered.  It is such a stunning masterpiece on so many levels, this is one book worth reading again and again.  My daughter and I have put it on our ""books you must read in your lifetime"" list (just four books long at this point).This is a powerful book and one that will stay with you a good long time."
"Got the book for my wife who had never read it nor seen the movie. She hardly put it down until she finished it. This is a timeless, moving tale of values and virtues that everyone would enjoy and come away with greater expections from their character or code of ethics."
"I had a bad upbringing, as far as reading went. Most of my teachers let me read whatever they wanted, and the few that assigned anything to me took the path of the-most-boring-is-best. I therefore was made to read ""1984"", which was over my 14-year-old head, and ""Silas Marner"", which the whole class thought was boring and badly written. In the last few years I've been slowly catching up with those classics I should have read when I was younger. I tried Scott Fitzgerald (and decided after ""The Great Gatsby""--which I liked--not to venture any further), ""The Catcher in the Rye"" which I expected to hate and liked anyway, ""A Confederacy of Dunces"" which had me rolling in the aisles, and even Jane Austen, who I enjoyed a great deal more than I expected. Now I turn to ""To Kill a Mockingbird"". It's one of those books that everyone but me has apparently read. So I guess it's time I caught up with everyone else.Janet Louise ""Scout"" Finch is a little girl, during the events of the story. I got the impression that the author was imagining Scout as a slightly older girl, writing this story down for posterity. She has an older brother, and the two of them live with their father, a lawyer, in a small town in Alabama. Their mother's dead. In the summer, a cousin named Dill visits them and the three of them play together. Supposedly, Dill is based on Harper Lee's real childhood friend, Truman Capote, but that's neither here nor there. They are the typical rural children of the era, playing in the street, and spreading rumors and innuendo about their neighbors. At the end of the block there's a strange family with a reclusive son who's in his thirties, but never leaves the house or says anything to anyone, named Boo Radley.Scout knows her father's a lawyer, and has knowledge of a few things with regards to laws, but she's never really experienced a trial or anything. A third of the way into the book, when you're wondering if it's ever going to really have a plot, kids start to call Scout's father a n----r-lover. Ms. Lee doesn't bother with the hyphens. It turns out that what they're referring to is the fact that Scout's dad, whose name is Atticus Finch, has been assigned to defend a local black man who has been accused of raping a white woman. In Alabama in the 1930's, this is a capitol offense, and he'll surely be executed if he's convicted.So of course there's the obligatory lynch mob (one of the strongest scenes in the book) where Atticus faces down the less-than-brilliant citizens of the town, followed by the courtroom scene that's rather short, given that the trial of course only takes one day. I won't give away the ending, but the author confronts the obvious issues of racism and class in the 1930's south with a great deal more subtlety and nuance than I expected, and the ending, if a bit surprising, is also very satisfying.I do have one negative thing to say about this book: it killed the career of what could have been a great novelist. At least that's my opinion. Most any author wants to think the book they're working on is better than the last one they wrote, and this thing won pretty much every award it could, short of the Nobel Prize for literature. It's one of the best-loved books of the last century. It's my belief that this success was a double-edged sword: on the one hand the acclaim was probably pretty heady, but on the other hand, how do you top something as successful as this? It's almost inevitable that a second book wouldn't win another Pulitzer. Anything less would be a step down.Nevertheless, this is a wonderful book, truly great, and I recommend it highly."
"I absolutely love this story. It is my all-time favorite.Tom Robinson is a negro who has been falsely accused of raping a white woman in Alabama in the 1930's. Atticus is a lawyer whois appointed by the court to defend him. The story shows how Atticus' family and his friends deal with the racial hatreds and other social conflicts that result from his participation in the case.The beauty of the writing is that it is told through the eyes of Atticus's little daughter, Jean Louise, ""Scout,"" who is such an endearing and appealing child. Lee doesn't over-romanticize the wisdom of a child. Scout and her older brother Jem are completely natural characters who emerge as heroic figures.There are so many other memorable characters that it seems impossible that this novel could be only 323 pages long. There is Scout and Jem's annual summertime friend, Dill. There is the family maid and de facto female head of household, Calpurnia. There is the painfully naive and judgmental Miss Caroline, a recent graduate from ed school who is assigned to teach Scout's first-grade class. There is Boo Radley, the town's mysterious recluse. There is the ""white trash"" family that started all the trouble with their accusation of rape. Above all, there is Atticus himself, a figure of towering integrity, love, and loyalty.As wonderful as the book is all the way through, I must call special attention to Chapter 15, where the eight-year-old Scout, with simple love and unconscious courage, tames a gang of thugs who have assembled at the local jail to lynch Tom Robinson. This is a very moving chapter.It is pretty amazing that a writer who could create so many memorable characters in so few pages confined herself to this one novel as her lifetime output."
A true American classic.  The only book/film tandem in American history that are both 5 stars...  Could anyone other than Gregory Peck play Atticus who is so well portrayed in this tale? No.
"Well, this is another classic novel that I hadn't yet read....hadn't seen the movie...didn't really know much of anything about it at all.  I basically knew that this was a book set in Alabama in the 1930s and it involved a legal case with some sort of racial tension.  In honor of its 50th anniversary, I decided it was high time I pick it up and get to it.Right from the start I was drawn in by the youthful, vibrant voice of Scout, the 8 year old narrator.  I absolutely loved the way she described the town, the county, the people and everything in her life.  She has such an innocent and honest way of drawing the reader in.  Her simple storytelling narrative is humorous and disarming (which comes in handy as the theme gets heavier).  She did a wonderful job of painting an accurate description (at least as far as I'm concerned) of 1930s Alabama.  I really felt like I was there...like I knew and understood (at least through the eyes of a child) the people of Maycomb.As I read, I kept waiting for ""the shoe to drop.""  I knew that there was a trial somewhere in this book and that it had some climactic underpinnings in the plot.  As the story continued, I kept telling myself not to worry about the trial...that it would come eventually and that I should just enjoy the wonderful writing.  Harper Lee made it easy to forget the other problems that were coming up (the trial) and keep us engaged in the  intrigue and curiosity of Scout, Jem and Dill.  I loved the various ""side stories"" along the way.  They gave great insight into the characters in the town as well as the character of the society/community.Slowly (but very interestingly) we finally arrive at the trial.  The tension is huge naturally and Scout is worried.  Because of her young age, some of the details she focuses on and her reactions are a little different than might be expected.  It was cool to see Jem's reaction through her eyes (as he gripped the railing so tightly his knuckles turned white).  I absolutely loved her confused and innocent reaction to the outcome of the trial.What I found even more interesting is that when the trial ended, there were still a considerable number of pages left in the book.  I thought perhaps it would follow an appeals process or something but was glad that the rest of the story was much more engaging than just more courtroom drama.I loved (and at the same time was disgusted) by the hypocritical action and behavior of the townsfolk after the trial as compared to their behavior before hand.  Most telling was the conversation at the afternoon meeting of the ladies that Scout was compelled to join with her aunt.  The way they almost acknowledged Tom's innocence and Atticus's benevolence and saying that Tom would have been fine if he'd been patient.Then the conversation about Hitler and the Jews was an excellent counterpoint to the racial tension.  I loved the way that Scout could sense that there was a disconnect in the behavior/talk/action of the townsfolk as they discussed Hitler after behaving the way they did towards Blacks.  She could sense something was wrong and could almost quantify the nature of the disconnect, but she had a hard time acknowledging that there could be such a broad disconnect in the minds of people.As we reach the end of the book, another climactic event sets events into turmoil.  I ""predicted"" one potential ""sad"" ending for the book and was actually relieved to see the book turn out the way it did.  There was still a degree of ambiguity as to exactly what happened, but I agree with Heck that there are times when things should be left alone.  Regardless of what actually/definitively happened, the end result is good for the community.  I'm a little concerned to know what happens to the Ewells and to Boo, but those sort of ""loose ends"" are to be expected in a novel with such an extensive depth.There are so many wonderful themes in this book.  The racial tension and description of southern  life and souther racism are at the forefront.  But Lee also explores themes of class and family structure, moral courage and the nature of innocence.  The idea of innocence was especially interesting to me and felt especially poignant with the book coming from the voice of a young child going through such adult ordeals.  Scout's innocence about the world slowly fades as she watches the destruction of Tom's innocence as well as having her conceptions of Boo Radley transform from one of horror/monster to innocent and heroic.I am very glad I finally got around to reading this book.  I feel like it is a great commentary on culture, society and prejudice.  I loved the narrative voice, the humor and fun way such a heavy bunch of themes were presented.  I really enjoyed the discussions between Scout, Atticus, Jem and the others.  The characters were deep and very well developed and provided great depth to the story.  There are so many small threads running through the story that I'm sure there is a lot to digest beyond the first read (aspects such as the fire, the teaching methods in the school, the various gifts in the tree, the other inhabitants on Scout's street, etc).  This is a rich and wonderful novel that I will gladly read again.*****5 out of 5 stars"
"Although this book is the fiftieth anniversary edition, it is still wonderful reading and is as current today as when the book was written..  At first you are entranced by the children and then you learn about the wisdom of their father and how he has raised these children.  It should be required reading by all parents.The theme of this book is still important today."
"I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" years ago.  I thought it was one of the masterpieces of literature.  Over the years, my copy of the book has been lost.  The publication of Harper Lee's book enabled me to purchase and read it again.  In my personal opinion, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" remains a masterpiece."
"For a person who tends to be overly critical of religious institutions, I am hardly ever critical of ""good"" religious people. In this book, there's an exemplar of what a good religious-Christian person is in Atticus Finch. For anyone who thinks this book is solely about racism, which I did prior to having read it or even having seen the movie-adaptation, would be a gross oversimplification of the novel. It's an exploration in morality and Lee uses a very powerful vehicle: Children. Children learn through, what most call growing up, socialization and the social norms and understandings guiding everyday life. Here, Lee focuses on primary agents, notably the family. You see a stark contrast within the Finch family between Atticus and his ""proper"" sister Alexandra. The morality each shares is different. Therefore, it stands to reason that children will think in very different moral terms.Using children is powerful because in many ways, they are a tabula rosa.  However, if you have an extraordinary person like an Atticus Finch teaching morality, then you realize that the social word is full of immorality and illogicalness. This is what Harper Lee points out with the problems of Social Inequality, of a pseudo-Caste system, and of racism. Both Jem and Scout see and come into conflict with these ideas in major and minor things: Who is acceptable to bring home to dinner all the way to institutional racism within the legal system. These are norms and values most people accept in the town. However, she implicitly points out that that everyone is a product of some environment and some way of learning: As Atticus tells Scout and Jem to put themselves in others skin before they act... They understand why some people act the way they do, such as poor Boo Radley. What this does is point that there is both good and evil in people but if you got to know them... you'd see the good. Although she does give a caveat later in the novel about how some people can never be reached. In the end, there is good and there is evil... and they both co-exist."
"I had two purposes, prompted by the 50th anniversary of publication.1. Is the book worth reading (or hearing) for those of us who haven't read it for many years, if not decades? Answer: absolutely. The novel is still wonderful, with such finely drawn, memorable characters in a story that is straightforward and easy to understand in its morals and message.2. How is the narration by Sissy Spacek and does the novel work while listening in the car? Ms. Spacek is excellent, with her acting talent applied generously. I have no idea whether she had to work at the Alabama sound, but to this Yankee she did not sound unnatural at all, including presentation of young Scout and Jem. Even without demonstrating exceptional range in distinguishing among the characters, I really liked the pacing and general sound. Drive-time fiction can be a challenge when there is mystery and suspense, as ""can't put it down"" could be problematic. In this case, I already knew the basics of what would happen, so calling it quits and picking up later was ok."
"I had put off writing this review for a long time because, really, what can one say about this memorable, widely popular coming-of-age story except that there is a good reason To Kill a Mockingbird was voted one of the best novels of the twentieth century by librarians across the U.S.For you contrarians who haven't read the book, this is the story of the Finch family told from daughter Scout's point of view. Scout's attorney father, Atticus, is defending a black man accused of raping a young white woman in the small town of Maycomb, Alabama. The story is set years before the civil rights movement began, and the plot is a catalyst for a novel that is so much more than a scathing commentary on racism in the deep south. This is a gripping, gritty portrayal about growing up amidst the fury, ignorance, intolerance, and fear that fueled peoples' lives and thoughts, and still does, to varying degrees.Like many people, I first read this novel through our school's curriculum about forty years ago. Five years ago, my daughter read it in her high school English class and she loved it too. This novel is timeless, not only for the poignant, beautiful language and heartbreaking conflict, but for the relevancy of its message. I've read a lot of novels in my time, but I still remember this one clearly--many people do--for good reason."
The Book Came in a timely fashion. Just as the seller described. I would recommend purchasing from them to friends and family. That says a lot to me.
"Reading many of the reviews; I find myself like many of them in that for one reason or another I did not read To Kill a Mockingbird or see themovie until now.  I was inspired to do so now in my more advanced mature years by the highlighting of it's 50th anniversary by PBS news,NPR and by CBS Sunday Morning news.  I read the book first.  It is as good as any one can express with mere words and I would say that onecould owe it to himself to experience the feeling of experiencing life as if young again with all that wonderful mix of confused emotion thatmakes life so vivid when experiencing it young.  I set about rereading it as soon as I finished it and I'll definitely be rereading it again."
"I was prompted to read this book again after a lot of years after a comment at breakfast by my son who said that I was pouring syrup on my pancakes and  sausage in the manner of Walter Cunningham.  When I asked him who Walter Cunningham was, he replied, of course that he was a character in ""To Kill A Mockingbird.""  I decided to pick up the novel again not only to find out more about Walter Cunningham but to reacquaint myself with this Pulitzer Prize winning book by Harper Lee.  Not surprising I found that I was drawn not only to the characters but to the style of writing.  I couldn't believe that this required book of highschoolers could be so enjoyable to read.  Atticus Finch, the small town lawyer of a small Alabama town is a very quiet, understated, scholarly looking man who is widowed with a small daughter, Scout, and a son Jem. The other member of the household is the African American maid Calpurnia who is more like a mother to Scout and Jem.  They also have a summer friend, called Dill.  Then there is a recluse neighbor named Boo Radley.  Mainly the story deals with Atticus defending a black man who is accused of raping a white young woman.  Naturally there is an outcry in the community and threats which prompt Atticus to sit at the door of the jail with a rifle holding off a gang of folks only too happy to lynch up a black man.  One of the men happens to be the father of Walter Cunningham who is kind of a poor, ""white trash"" type of kid who Scout also picks a fight with in school because the teacher has singled him out for not bringing his lunch and offers to give him some money for lunch.  Only Scout tells the teacher that Cunninghams don't accept money from anyone, and incurs the wrath of the teacher for being insubordinate. Walter goes home with the Finch kids for lunch and this is where he does his syrup thing, pouring it all over the meat and potatoes thus getting more grief from Scout who brings this to everyone's attention.  This shouldn't be a big deal but Atticus and Calpurnia take her aside and scold her for not respecting other people's ways no matter how strange they might be.  This theme of respect for human beings also applies to Boo Radley who is  harassed by the Finch kids and their friend, Dill, but in Boo's own manner he tries to communicate with them in various ways.  Even though this book deals a lot with the racial tensions of the South during the 1930s there is a lot more in the pursuit of not only justice for everyone, but also recognizing people for who they are and knowing that everyone has a contribution to make.  This all becomes very evident towards the end of the story when Scout and Jem really find out who really cares for their welfare and safety and who their friends really are!"
"At the December 2011 meeting, a very nice sized group met at the NYC LGBT Center to discuss ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee.We had a dozen readers (but no new members, which surprised me) to discuss ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" About half the group had read the book before (usually in high school) and about half had seen the movie in the past few years. We originally put the book on the list because I read that it was often viewed as a lesbian coming of age story - but it didn't pan out that way.Everyone either liked the book a lot or loved it. Everyone was clearly charmed by the language and the story. There was some discussion about how Scout expressed herself - can any child be that smart? General agreement was that the novel is actually in three parts: (1) Scout's growing up with her brother Jem and Dill (Truman Capote in real life); (2) Atticus' trial and its aftermath, and (3) life in a small Southern town with Aunt Alexandra and various neighbors (including Boo ""Arthur"" Radley). While the novel centers around Atticus' defense of the clearly innocent Tom Robinson, two episodic minor events stand out in the narrative: a snow day in Alabama and Atticus shooting a mad dog. But the three sections of the novel melt together like a confection during a hot Southern summer so that they cannot be separated.I think that the book is full of new-found and evolving sexual knowledge as Scout learns to act (but not necessarily be) a woman. I persuaded absolutely no one that Scout is a gender-variant young woman (lesbian? FTM transgender youth? butch transvestite?) coming of age in a traditional setting that could not quite accept her difference but loved her anyway. (I think that Atticus' unmarried brother, Jack, is also gay, which Atticus recognizes and serves as another reason why he goes so easy on Scout's tomboy ways.)This a charming book with little gay content (but it's there- look for it) and plenty of character and excellent writing for young or mature readers."
I read To Kill A Mockingbird years ago but was inspired to read it again after seeing the movie Capote (he was Harper Lee's best friend). What a progressive book for the time it was written...and so sincere and heartfelt. I'll be sure to get my kids to read it as soon as they're old enough. Amazon delivered this anniversary edition to me very quickly from the U.S. to Australia.
The is an excellent book and I am very satisfied with my purchase from Amazon. I'd recommend this book for your middle school son or daughter.
atticus is a person that will do anything out of his  way to satisfy what he needs to accomplish. he is not a person that in is in his own bubble and doesn't base his opinion on other people that negatively influence him.one major thing he helps out with is a black person that was innocently charged for raping Mayella ewell.atticus beliefs and nice values makes him the nicest person and is a good example for his children.
I read this book years ago. My 14 year old granddaughter will be required to read this in her second semester of her freshman year in HS. The teacher had enough to provide all the kids with a copy but I decided to get her her own copy. I am sure it is the same as when I was a child. I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird to anyone. The movie was terrific but the book is always better.
it was a wonderful book when i first read it in high school about 37 years ago!  it's a wonderful book now!
"This story is only for those who are passionate, pensive, and have genuine interest in human rights. Harper Lee takes us on a journey of a young Alabama girl, Scout, who lives in the lazy town of Maycomb. In Maycomb, everyone has a certain social standing and they play by the rules of this society. This all changes when the town is rocked by court case that skews the dynamics of Maycomb: the formally polite Southern folk become vicious and unforgiving. Scout tells her story of being exposed to the cruelty that hatred can bring out in good people. The reader experiences a moral crises through the eyes of the innocent, which is deeply thought provoking. To Kill A Mockingbird will bring you to question not only the society of the 1940's, but also of today."
"I had heard about this book for years.  I saw the movie decades ago and decided to 'give it a try'.  What great characters and insight into life as it was in 1935 in Alabama.  A small portion of the book is about ""the trial"".  The rest of it is character-rich, emotional everyday life situations that make it impossible to put the book down.  I highly recommend this book!"
I was required to read this book freshman year of high school and i'm glad I did because it changed my life. If I wasn't required to read it probably would have never have. It takes place in the south when racism is still heavily present and the langauge does get a little salty at points but it's not all that bad. It was a little dry at first but once you get to part two you're completley sucked in. The court scene was the part that changed my life. I absoultely adored Atticus Finch he's what inspired me to want to be a lawyer. This is an amazing read i say it's a great book to read late august early september. If you're thinking about reading it READ IT!
"This is in response to the readers that did not like the quality of the hardcover book.  They seemed to feel that a 50th anniversary deserved a slicker presentation.However for me, the book is perfect (story and paper quality).  As soon as I opened the box, I felt that I was 9 years old and staring at the bookcase that divided ourliving room from the kitchen.  I often spent time searching the bulging shelves for a book to keep me company on the long, hot days in Austin, Texas.  I spot a newaddition on the bottom shelf.  It's not very impressive in contrast with the picture books of travel and natural wonders that I use as my guide to adventure.The book is small and the colors on the dust jacket are drab.  The pages are  thick, dull and pulpy; like so many novels were printed on in the 1950's an 1960's.There are absolutely no pictures or photographs in the whole book.  This alone usually would have doomed the book. Yet, the Texas weather compels me to find a literarycompanion.  Outside no breeze stirs.  The air is heavy with moisture.  A soft patter of rain falls for several days.  The sky is a funny color and there is surelya hurricane somewhere in the Gulf.  For three days, I enter the world of Jim and Scout.  I will return a different child; as will my three children and hopefullyall my grandchildren.  Thanks for sending me this glorious little book exactly the way I remembered it."
"Although I own old copies, I wanted the anniversary issue as this is a book that was a huge influence on my life from back in 8th grade. For anyone who hasn't read it (over and over again) you are really missing out. Please don't just watch the movie even though it was well done. Get yourself into the book!"
"I ordered it for my 15 year old grand daughter a book to read over the summer, she loved it! The book came fast and in great cond... thank you"
Loved the book as a teen and wanted a nice copy to keep for my teens.Shame about the quality for a 50th Anniversary Edition.Kids still enjoyed it.
"I purchased this book for my daughter's 16th birthday. She read this book in school and enjoyed it immensely. I was extremely excited to get it for her, she loves literature. I felt good about getting her the book as an investment in her education and her cultural future, something she could pass on to her children. When I opened the package upon arrival I was quickly disappointed in the quality of the pages. All the ends, opposite of the binding were cut unevenly. It is impossible to fan through the pages! The pages appear to have been cut before they were bound together. I gave it to her and she was happy to have it, but I felt a little ashamed."
My daughter is reading this for school requirement for her sophmore year.  She loves this book.  Thank you for your fast delivery.
"I already did a review on this product.  The book was in great shape--like new.  I just was a bit disappointed that the seller did not state that it was in paperback, but it has not hampered my enjoyment of the book."
"Excellent, tremendous, great, what praise can be said that haven't been said time and again.I have read about a 1,000 books and ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is the reason that I will rate many a great book will only 4 stars.I have no idea who could play the part of Atticus Finch in a remake but, Mayella Ewell could be played by Paris Hilton.Either way get a copy and read it, take if from an avid reader this is some good stuff."
My all time favorite book great to have this 50th anniverary addition as a keepsake! A wonderful coming of age story as fresh today as when I first read it in the 1960s
"Flannery O'Connor described this as a ""children's book,"" and indeed the parts that are authentic and true are the misty recollections of long summer days in a small Alabama town in the 1930s. Most of the book relates charming, but not particularly unusual, adventures of a little girl, her older brother and a neighbor boy who comes to visit every summer. Most of these adventures are slight and unresolved. Scout brings a poor classmate home for lunch, and he shocks her by pouring molasses over all his food, whereupon the colored mail reprimands Scout for being a bad host. Scout and her brother are given BB rifles for Christmas, and while they are excited to receive them, they don't seem to do much with them. The main point to the airguns is that they give their father the opportunity to say that they shouldn't shoot mockingbirds. Scout chafes when her aunt moves in and tries to force her to wear pink dresses and be ladylike. Scout's brother loses his temper and destroys all the camellias in the yard of the ancient neighborhood scold, and his punishment is to read to the old lady every afternoon until she dies.The main plot thread concerns the recluse down the street, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley. Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill conceive assorted methods to tease Boo out of the house, but they never succeed. At the end of the book, Boo seems to save their lives by rescuing Scout and Jem from a murderous ne'er-do-well.In the middle of the book there are a few rather sensationalistic chapters involving a rape accusation made by the ne'er-do-well and his daughter against a crippled young negro man who lives nearby. This gives Scout and Jem's father the opportunity to act noble and plead the case of this pathetic fellow in the courtroom. However, it is never clear whether there really was a rape attempt. Upon first reading it, I thought the poor-white girl's father had beaten the girl up and perhaps had sex with her, then tried to conceal it by blaming it on the crippled negro. Another reading is that the girl had lusted after the negro, and got caught embracing him. In either case, there was no need to make an accusation of rape: the girl was not pregnant; even if she had been, the child would not be mixed-race; and as the poor-white girl was socially isolated she did not stand to lose status by having been caught with the negro. The accusation of criminal assault, then, lacks coherence. Its only purpose within the structure of the narrative is to provide a reason why the ne'er-do-well would attempt to kill Scout and her brother.However, this sensationalism does add a cheap gravitas to the novel, which otherwise would be little more than a string of loosely connected episodes about growing up in the small-town South. It appears this episode was added to the book for precisely this purpose. It certainly does not reflect any real-life event in Harper Lee's own childhood. Significantly, the rape case was made central to the movie version, and most synopses of the novel emphasize this episode out of all proportion to its actual weight within the book. The episode really speaks to Northern biases about the Deep South in the 1950s, rather than tell us anything about Alabama life in the 30s."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a panoramic novel; it's about all the different kinds of people that inhabit the ""Old South"". The protagonist is Scout Finch, the motherless tomboy, daughter of a small-town lawyer. Their neighbors are all independently wealthy spinsters, except for a man named Radley, who lives with his mentally-ill brother Arthur (known as ""Boo"") who we never see. Then there are the ""poor"" people of the South; an honest dirt farmer named Cunnigham, and a notoriously filthy cracker named Ewell. Early in the story, Atticus Finch informs his daughter that the Cunninghams are poor, but repectable. The Ewells, however, have disgusting habits, and he warns her to stay away from them.In some ways, To Kill a Mockngbird is a cautionary tale. Scout learns that friends, family, and neighbors can't always be trusted, and you can't ""judge the book by the cover"" when dealing with the people close to you. Take for instance the Cunninghams; the father may be ""honest and respectable"", yet he keeps his son out of school to work on the farm. Though Bill Cunningham believes in hard work, he doesn't believe in education, and his son will most likely end up illiterate. Another flaw of the Cunninghams is that they are easily swayed by conservative (and racist) whites who try to lynch a prisoner. Scout foils the lynching, but I won't reveal how.If you're not American, but you want to understand who we are and how we got this way, then you need this book. If you're looking to become a US citizen, read this book. If you're studying American habits, this book will reveal everything."
"I'm not going to type out a long drawn-out review. If you have half a brain, you'll enjoy this book immensely. It really bothers me that there are people out there that really think this book is about racism. Does it deal with racism? yes, but it's not that the author is racist and is lashing out. She was simply telling a story. It's sad to say that what happened in the book as far as race goes, happened all over The South at that time. This is just one story through the eyes of a 9 year old girl. I highly recommend this book."
"It has been fifty years since I last read To Kill a Mockingbird and the memory of its content was as though I had just read it yesterday.  The story, setting, characters and the author's grammatical style and rhythm mark this book as possibly the most memorable in American Literature and ranks with the works of Mark Twain. Its hallmark is that it is a great story very well written.  It is one of the great reads in our literature.  Amazon Verified Purchase.  CR Donaldson  Columbus, OH"
It was nice to use the 50th anniversary as an excuse to read again a great American classic.
"Seller sent me a cheaper, different edition than the one listed.  Was very prompt about refunding my funds, however.  Book was returned, at my expense for postage."
"I won't comment or analyze the book itself, as countless others over the years have already said everything there is to say.  But I will say that this is an excellent audio edition.  Sissy Spacek narrates the book in a slow Southern drawl that enhances the story line and the characters.  Highly recommended"
I had read this book many years ago and thorougly enjoyed re-reading it. The same applies to my husband.  Mrs. Lee has a wonderful was of deliniating characters and describing social conditions in the South in the 30s.
"Although the contents of the book from a literary standpoint is superb, the reading by Sissy Spacek is average compared to other books on CDs I heard before. While she is reading from one character to another, her voice and accent does not change. It's like you are listening to the same person with a heavy southern drawl. It's rather confusing at times and difficult to listen to throughout the hold novel. I must say, Mrs. Spacek accent of ""Scout"" was excellent."
What can I say?  This book is one of the all time great classics of the modern era.  It parallels the movie with a bit more information as the account of one child girl's sense of justice before the civil rights of blacks became to be here in the USA.  I enjoyed this very well written novel immensely.
"I just re-read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" for the first time in many years.  It's just as applicable today as it was then - not just for African Americans, but applicable to the Islamic community, Hispanic, or any other minority."
"I read this book 4 years ago when I was a freshmen in high school and this book still left a strong message. Harper Lees view on racism and mob brutality were dead on. This book shows how deindividualization can cause people to lose their identity and cause them to lynch and hurt other innocent people for no logical reason. The message is hammered in many ways, that racism and prejudice leads to everyone being more miserable and people lossing their sense of personality. Boo Radley is an interesting character who helps hammer the message of this book more clearly. My memory of everything that happened in this book might be a little foggy, but it is a classic and may change your views on racism and why people treated each other so cruely before the civil rights era. In the end, racism is never right, and people need to get to the roots of it before it grows out of control and infects more people."
"I just finished this book, which I hadn't read since high school. It was as enjoyable as I remembered."
I'm reading this book right now. So far i like it! The book itself is like 50years old and in good condition so im happy! Thanks to all!
"When my 8th grade English teacher assigned To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee for us to read, I thought it would be boring or maybe give me some hunting tips. The first half of the book was a little lacking, but I soon came to love this book! It follows the lives of three children (Scout and Jem Finch and their best friend Dill Harris) in the 1930's, and at the same time follows Scout and Jem's father Atticus in his legal battle to save an innocent black man from the charge of raping a white woman. Over the course of about two years, the kids make mischief, learn life lessons, and try to get their reclusive neighbor, Boo Radley, to come out of his house. With believable characters, an excellent use of accents and satire, and a surprise ending that will leave you guessing, it's a wonderful novel that I recommend to anyone that can read"
"This is a classic, so I think that I expected more that was actually there.  I liked it but did not love it!"
"If you haven't heard of this book before, then chances are you've been living under a rock for the past few decades. This is Harper Lee's classic novel that came out in the early 60s and is now required reading in many school districts.The story itself is reasonably entertaining fiction while at the same time examining themes such as overt racism, humaneness, fatherly love/protection, and childhood innocence. My main gripes with this book are that it doesn't really examine any of those themes on a any sort of profound level. The themes come up, sure, but Lee fails to deliver any kind of meaningful statement on any of them insofar as I can tell (unless you qualify things like 'racism is bad').In addition, the language used in the book is clearly dated, which is distracting. Part of this is because of the book's examination of flagrant racism as it was in the 1960s and prior. Much of (though not all) that has significantly abated since then.Bottom line: Good novel that makes for fairly easy reading. Just don't expect profundity from it."
"This book comes with such a reputation behind it that it seems a bit of a sin to criticise, but really folks, it lacks the tight structure needed to put it among the truly great.It's basically a series of charming sketches of small-town America before the modern world got its hold, given some sort of shape by the arrest, trial and conviction of an innocent man.Once the main plot is over and done, Harper Lee seems not to know where to go, and the book drifts rather aimlessly to its close.Wonderful, touching description of people and place, however, with Atticus Finch one of those quiet heroes who makes you feel the world is a better place just for having read about him."
Read a fantastic book Now I know why it's a classic Book came as promised
"I wanted to know what condition the book was in, the price, and how long it took to ship."
Absolutely the best narrator possible for this book.  The perfect amount of Southern Drawl.  Love Sissy Spacek but she doesn't put her heart into it like Miss Darling.
"A marvellous story told from the perspective of a ten year old girl growing up in a small town in Alabama. Does any other story capture so vividly the perspective of a young child?The story is roughly divided into three parts. The first is about the narrator Scout (Jean Louise), her older brother, and their young friend Dill. We follow them as they explore their house, neighbourhood with assorted and eclectic neighbours, and their father Atticus. Gradually the focus shifts to the trial where their father is to be the defence attorney. This is the centerpiece of the book - with strong passages about racial prejudice and intolerance. It is blatantly obvious that their town has two levels of justice - one for the dominant white people and another for the black people. Woe to the black person who transgresses any part of this racial divide (in this case a sexual one) - for ""justice"" will be served.By taking a child's perspective the full inequality of the system is brought out. The trial also serves notice that even if a poor white man is ""victimized"" by this racial code the black person still has no chance. Scout, her brother Jem, and Dill sit in the segregated black area of the court. Dill's feelings during the trial are most eloquent.After the trial the book seems to lose momentum somewhat - the events after seem anti-climatic. The attempted murder of Scout and Jem by Ewell is somewhat contrived and mundane compared to what has taken place - so the ending is rather weak.Nevertheless this is still an American Classic. The childhood viewpoint makes this an ornate and delightful read."
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is more than the usually discussed issues of racial bigotry and the human condition under trial. Don't let me take away from those values at all... but Harper Lee has written a book transcending a literary social commentary. She has written a love story.A love story? huh? Who gets married? Does anyone kiss? Are there passages of deep romance? No, no, no... none of that. Try instead family love.Atticus is the kind of single dad we need to see more of in this generation. He cares for his children so much that he protects them from the fires of his grown-up life of representing an innocent man. He protects them from the full impact of his neighbor's lies. He shows them how to love them, even though he knows his neighbors hate him and the love of fellow man he represents.If all Atticus, the father, did, was love the innocent man, he would be doing a good thing, but he demonstrates love and allows dignity (when possible) for the ones persecuting the innocent. He shows he is a big man, and his children mimic this sense of understanding.Deeply rooted in the memories of his children, the story has a gentle subtext of growing up. You can almost taste the lemonade of the porch and smell the flowers in nearby gardens.Lee's power as an author here is that she does let her statements about humanity overtake the story. Rather, she lets the story tell the story, and she just writes down what happened in her imagination.Her characters are not paste-up Southern children or adults, but complex characters all of us relate to (even me up here near Chicago!). Relationships are embedded in the depth of being neighbors. This creating a milieu of angst in Atticus' children when they see the adults warring in court and out of court in matters of truth.I fully recommend this book, and think to give it the best reading possible, examine how interwoven the story is with its various cultures and characters. The power of Lee's message will be plenty clear.Anthony TrendlHungarianBookstore.com"
"I knew I loved this book when I read it back in school. But I had forgotten the exact story and the fabulous way Harper Lee approached the incidents in this typical Alabama town.  Ms. Harper's writing style is just so welcoming, so easy that you feel a part of Scout's family as soon as she begins to talk.We should all make a point to read this every couple of years to remind ourselves of how far we have come in the issue of prejudice - and how far we have left to go. We should also read this again and again just to expose ourselves to the quality of storytelling of this book which is found so seldom in today's literature.An excellent book!"
"A wonderful piece of literature, written in easy to read style full of emotions growing up and drama. Theirs sadness and happiness, racism and equality, immaturity and maturity, injustice and redemption.Atticus is a man we could all love and look up to a grounded just and fair man he sees beyond race and finds the goodness in people. His cook Calpurnia Is honest good black lady who you just gotta love in this story, she works for a nice family who are about to go through some obstacles and testing times.A lot of the story is told through a young girl and is enjoyable to see things from a young perspective for example this excerpt...""There was a man Dill had heard of who had a boat that he rowed across to a foggy island where all these babies were; you could order one-- ""That's a lie. Aunty said God drops `em down the chimney. At least that's what I think she said."" For once, Aunty's diction had not been too clear.The characters in the story face racism but a lot is put straight for example.....""You know the truth, and the truth is this: some Negroes lie, some Negroes are immoral, some Negro men are not to be trusted around women--black or white. But this is a truth that applies to the human race and to no particular race of men.""""Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."""
"Somehow I had never managed to read To Kill A Mockingbird until now.  It was the winner of the 1961 Pulitzer Prize and considered an American classic.  I was very worried it would disappoint.This is one novel that didn't disappoint.  I was gripped from beginning to end.  I knew of the great honorable character of Atticus Finch who defended a black man despite all opposition from his neighbors in a southern Alabama town.The book is so much more than that.  It is told through the eyes his daughter (nicknamed Scout) and her narration is perfect.  Lee is able to very accurately depict the innocent lens of a child while remaining coherent and eloquent.  Even without the trial and even without the great character of Atticus Finch, this is a wonderful tale of childhood.Even the character of Atticus is appropriately flawed.  He is a single parent who has trouble raising his children.  He doubts that he's doing the best for him.  His basic goodness shines through but it's never cliched.I read this in two sittings and enjoyed every moment.  This novel deserves all the rich praise that it has been given.I give a most enthusiastic recommendation to this classic."
"I really enjoyed this book, it was uncomplicated, a real easy read.  It was written from a child's point of view, so there was a real innocense about it.  I would highly recommend this book and have past it on for other family members to read."
"Listening to Sissy Spacek's reading of this book is an amazing experience.  The book is wonderful already, but Spacek's comfortable, wistful Southern accent is the perfect accompaniement.  Do yourself a favor (and for goodness' sake, help a struggling reader if this is a class assignment) and listen all over again.  I am a teacher who does assign this book upon occassion, and playing selections from this audio version is an instant hit.  Students love to borrow my copy!"
"What can be said about this wonderful book that hasn't already been said much better than I could. I don't rate many books as five stars and after thinking about what my criteria would be, I'm left with this: Did I hate to see the end of the book and would I read it again (which I seldom do). The answer to both questions is a resounding yes.Thank you Harper Lee for this treasure and thank you to the makers of the movie ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" for their faithful adapatation of the book."
"In the fictional small town of Maycomb, Alabama, Jean Louise Finch (Scout) lives with her older brother Jem and their father Atticus Finch. An African-American housekeeper cares for Scout and Jem, after their mother has died. One summer a boy named Dill comes to visit his Aunt, while Dill is in Makem him, Scout and Jem try to get a look at their mysterious neighbor Boo Radley (A grown man who hasn't left his parents house in years). Atticus Finch defends a young African-American man after being accused of raping a white woman (Mayella Violet Ewell). After Atticus Finch starts defending Tom is when the Finch family is the object of racial slurs and insults. After the court hearing Tom is accused of the crime by the jury even after Atticus has proved his innocent. This book was written when racism was big; an African-American man couldn't do anything without getting accused of something. And when they were accused they would be marked as guilty even if they were innocent. Author Harper Lee was born in Monroeville, Alabama in 1926. To Kill a Mockingbird was published in 1960.The main characters of To Kill a Mockingbird are Scout, Jem, Atticus Finch, Calpurnia, Dill and Boo Radley. The story is told in Scout's point of view, the story takes place from the time Scout is aged 6 to 9, but she tells the story as an adult. Scout is a tomboy who would rather solve problems with her fists than with her head. Scout's older brother Jem who ages from 10 to 13 during the story. He is Scout's protector and one of her best friends. As part of reaching young adulthood, Jem deals with many difficult issues throughout the story. Maycomb attorney and state legislative representative Atticus Finch who is assigned to represent Tom Robinson. A widower, Atticus is a single parent to two children, Jem and Scout. Calpurnia is the Finch's African-American housekeeper. She grew up at Finch's Landing and moved with Atticus to Maycomb. She is the closest thing to a mother that Scout and Jem have. One of the few Negroes in town who can read and write, she teaches Scout to write. Dill is Jem and Scout's neighborhood friend. Living in Mississippi, Dill spends every summer with his aunt. Boo Radley is the mysterious neighbor who tips the children's interest. They've never seen him and make a game of trying to get him to come outside.Scout Finch lives with her brother, Jem, and their widowed father, Atticus, in the town of Maycomb. Maycomb is suffering through the Great Depression, but Atticus is a lawyer and the Finch family is reasonably well off in comparison to the rest of society. One summer, Jem and Scout befriend a boy named Dill, who has come to live in their neighborhood for the summer and the three acts out stories together. Eventually, Dill and the other two kids (Jem and Scout) become fascinated with the spooky house on their street called the Radley Place. The house is owned by Mr. Nathan Radley, whose brother, Arthur (nicknamed Boo), has lived there for years without going outside. Scout goes to school for the first time that fall and hates it. She and Jem find gifts left for them in a knothole of a tree on the Radley property. Dill returns the following summer, and he, Scout, and Jem begin to act out the story of Boo Radley. Atticus puts a stop to their game, urging the children to try to see life from another person's perspective before making judgments. But, on Dill's last night in Maycomb for the summer, the three sneak onto the Radley property, where Nathan Radley shoots at them. Jem loses his pants in the act of escaping. When he returns for them, he finds them mended and hung over the fence. Nathan Radley eventually plugs the knothole with cement. Shortly thereafter, a fire breaks out in another neighbor's house, and during the fire someone slips a blanket on Scout's shoulders as she watches the blaze. Convinced that Boo did it, Jem tells Atticus about the mended pants and the presents. Atticus agrees to defend a black man named Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a white woman. Because of Atticus's decision, Jem and Scout are the objects of abuse from other children, even when they celebrate Christmas at the family compound on Finch's Landing. Calpurnia, the Finches' African-American cook, takes them to the local black church.Don't judge someone just by the color of their skin but of their character. That's what this book is trying to teach all the people who read it. Tom Robinson was judged by his skin when sent him to prison and ended up in the death of him. All of that could have been avoided if everyone didn't judge people by the first look. If you want to judge someone, get to know them for who they are not what they look like. ""Don't judge a book by its cover"" is the famous saying that describes what this book is trying to teach.The book was very good, because it teaches people about racism and why no one likes it. Racism is bad nowadays but in 1960 an African-American man or woman couldn't go anywhere without being discriminated against, which is wrong. If you white, brown, tan, or even purple you shouldn't be discriminated against, skin is not what you need to look at. It's the person's character that's important once you know that you can judge them for what they are."
"The central character in the novel was a black man who was accused of murder, due to prejudice and a rush to judgment.  Anyhow, this reminds me of the OJ trial.  Everyone times this book in with the ""Catcher and Rye.""  I guess the two novels are connected because the main character gets in trouble with the authority and remains the protagonist.  Everyone was rooting for Boo to get free and to be exonerated.  There is a good American sentiment about the teenage rebel and the criminal that is not really bad after all.  I enjoyed reading this book because the lawyer and his children shed light on a subject that actually had more influence on American perception of crime and criminals than actual real court cases would have had."
The product was in great shape as promised and delivered within the expected time frame.
"Every time the name of this book came up, I would wrinkle my nose and shake my head ""no"" in response to the question ""Have you read it?"".  It's amazing how false perceptions about things can keep something that really is good out of your life.A few months ago I decided to finally start opening up and reading some of the books that have always been touted as ""required reading"" for schools.  Being homeschooled, I was never required to read any particular books - and as I read quite voraciously, it was never really an issue.A few months ago I read The Catcher in the Rye and did not see what the big issue was.  It was okay, but not the best thing I'd ever read and I was far from astounded by it.  With that further prejudice in mind I approached To Kill a Mockingbird with not a little bit of hesitation.I was sucked in almost immediately though.  I could picture the town, the setting.  I could see Scout clearly and found myself catching my breath and blinking back tears more than a few times.  I fell in love with Atticus - what an incredible man he was in this story.  I loved the quirks and the twists, the ""spooky"" nature of Boo, I cried at the story of Tom Robinson and I cheered at the dismal ending to Bob Ewell.But most of all, I felt ashamed of myself.  Shame that I had let something silly like enjoying the shock people had when I told them I hadn't read this book - keep me from reading this book.  Truth be told, I denied myself something pretty special and I plan to make up for it by reading this one again and again."
"What can be said about this book that has not been said before.It is, without a doubt, one of the best novels ever written by an American author.This ranks with all the masterpieces ever written."
"Just revisited this gem of a coming-of-age novel after about 20 years, and it's still every bit as striking as it was back then. Scout Finch will always stay as one of my favourite characters of all time as she witnesses the goings-on of Maycomb county where she is growing up in post-Depression America way in the Deep South where prejudice against the blacks was still rampant.Written almost 40 years ago, the issues of what makes a person human, what courage means, how bigotry and ignorance begets prejudice and becomes a threat to the individual, the family and society, are all still valid issues we're grappling with today.Narrated through the innocent perspective of a child, the novel is so much more poignant for the unadulterated logic a child possesses and becomes a foil for the folly and terror of man's ways.Saying any more than this about this timeless classic would only take time away from actually reading the novel. Please read it."
"Just revisited this gem of a coming-of-age novel after about 20 years, and it's still every bit as striking as it was back then. 8 year-old Scout Finch will always stay as one of my favourite characters of all time as she witnesses the goings-on of Maycomb county where she is growing up in post-Depression Southern America.Written almost 40 years ago, the issues about what makes a person human, what courage means, how bigotry and ignorance begets prejudice and becomes a threat to the individual, the family and society, are all still valid issues we're grappling with today.Narrated through the innocent perspective of a child, the novel is so much more poignant for the unadulterated logic a child possesses and becomes a foil for the folly and terror of man's ways.Saying any more than this about this timeless classic would only take time away from actually reading the novel. Please read it."
"the.best.novel.of.all.time.  PERIOD.  I've read, re-read, and re-re-read numerous times.  The first time I had to read this was for a 9th grade English class in high school.  The other countless times I've read it have all been for me.  And everytime I read it, I discover something new.  Everyone should read this book - the story is timeless, the characters are so developed, and the writing is unmatched."
"What can you say about Harper Lee's bittersweet tale of growing up in the deep south? That it's the perfect story told in a manner that is thoughtful, insightful and heartbreaking in its examinations of the lives of three children who live in this town and tale.  Harper Lee has taken the times and places of her childhood and woven them into a tale that transcends both time and place. The lessons, foibles and fables of the story have, over time, come to symbolize the struggles of all people who are striving to make themselves better and are bravely facing fear and hatred.  This is a book that will change the mindset of most thinking persons. If you do not come away from this book with some thought as to what is bravery and what is the cost of that bravery then you need to go back and reread this incredible book.  I know that it changes my life and mind each time I read it. It reminds me, as it should remind us all, that life is precious, people are people, and we all are basically the same if we allow ourselves to be and we should revel in those differences!!!"
"I won't analyze this book fully. But simply put, this book was VERY easy to keep reading and it wasn't a chore to pick it up and finish a chapter.  This book also gets some moral lessons across, while not being too preachy, like other ""Literary Classics."" A.K.A. garbage I was assigned to read that was just as exciting as reading a phone book or dictionary, that had stupid ""adults"" with too many obvious problems and major personality flaws and they were too dumb to see and fix them, and some really stupid, pessimistic, angst-filled, moral lesson that only artsy, emo, over-intellectual, passive aggressive people could even apply to their lives. Everyone else with a balanced psyche would roll their eyes at these ""lessons."" ""Lord of the Flies"" comes to mind with the moral of ""The kids are okay, but who will save the adults?"" Lame. You can't control everything in life as an adult, but you can control most of it. Most of life is what you make of it. Get over it and stop being melodramatic.  You know who you are if the type of ""Reading"" material above gives you a headache. If you are, stick with ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" It's a good read overall."
"Layne GableBlock 3""Shoot all the blue jays you like if you can hit `em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" To Kill a Mockingbird takes place in a town called Maycomb in the 1930's. It is a book about two children trying to grow up in an extremely racist town. At a young age their troubles are somewhat childish, but as they grow up they learn what real fear, courage, and prejudice is. First, people should read this book because it teaches a strong life lesson. It shows that everyone deserves to be treated the same no matter what they are. Second, people should read this book because everybody can relate to the events in it. Everybody has gone through growing up and leaning things that you never knew existed. Lastly, people should read this book because it keeps the readers attention the entire time. I will admit that the first twelve chapters are a little slow but one the reader gets further into the story it is almost like you cant put the book down. In conclusion, To Kill a Mockingbird takes place in a small town in the 1930's.  Everybody should read this book for countless reasons. It will keep the readers attention the whole way through. :)"
"Hans ShollenbergerBlock 3Amazon Book ReviewTo Kill a MockingbirdWhat is the significance of the Title?To Kill A Mockingbird takes place in Maycomb County located in southern Alabama. It is about these two kids named Jem and Scout whose lives are greatly affected by racism in their town. It all starts when their father Atticus who is a lawyer goes to defend a black man in court accused of rape.One reason why I recommend this book is because it has a lot of mysteries and secrets that make you think ""is that a coincidence or did the author mean for that to be that way"". An example would be how Jem, Scout and Atticus's last name is Finch when a finch is a peaceful little bird. It makes you wonder whether the author just came up with that or whether it is supposed to tie in with the mockingbird theme. Another reason why I recommend this book is because it shows you what times were like back then with racism and how the blacks were treated. From reading this you learn that if you were black all it took to get thrown in jail or killed was a white persons lie. The only thing I didn't like about this book was that it started out slow and was a long read due to the number of pages and the small print.Overall this book causes you to read to understand the mysteries that it held within its pages. It also teaches you a good lesson on hoe America was with racism and how poorly blacks were treated."
"Who is Boo Radley? Why is Atticus defending a black man knowing that it is affecting his kids Jem and Scout? What does the title and cover have to do with the book? Who killed Bob Ewell?  Some of the main characters include Jem, Scout, Atticus, Calpurnia, Aunt Alexandra and Tom Robinson. The story starts out with Jem(10) and his sister Scout at the age of 6. The kids live with their father Atticus in Maycomb county located in Southern Alabama. Charters 1-12 cover the last couple years of their childhood before they start getting treated like young adults. In the beginning chapters Jem and Scout spend most of their summers with a boy named Dill who is a great friend of theirs. One of their favorite things to do was to try to get a neighbor of theirs named Boo Radley to come out of his house. Later on when fire struck Miss Maudies house Boo Radley would sneak out with a blanket to put on Scout and Jem as they watch a friendly neighbors house go up in flames on a cold winter night. In the middle of the book Jem and Scout's father Atticus, who is a lawyer, goes to court to defend Tom Robinson who was black and was accused of rape.  I think people should read this book because it is filled with myseries and always makes you think ""is it a coincidence or did the Author mean it to be that way"". One example of that in the book is the fact that Jem Scout and Atticus's last name is Finch. A finch is a small peaceful bird and the Finch's in the book are nice caring people. It also shows you exactly how poorly blacks were treated making it a good lesson on racism. The only reason why I would not reccomend this book is because it starts out slow and takes a while to read because of how small the print is.  Overall, this book is filled with hidden mysteries that take the best of readers to catch on to. I also shows what it was like back then with racism and the way blacks were treated."
This book is truly deserving of it's classic status.  It was so well written and easy to read.  The themes addressed were so important to the time when it was written.  The characters were loveable and you get to feel like you know them.  I can very easily see why this book was voted as the best book of the century by the ALA.  I'm just sorry it took me so long to get around to reading it!
"This 'library edition' is quite cheezy.  The book is small, light, and the paper is so thin, you see through to the print on the other side.  Also, the paper is not really white, it is sort of a pale grey color.  If i was to buy this again, I would pay more for a nicer edition."
"I know that a generation of people have read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" as an assignment in school.  I was not one of them.  Having enjoyed the movie several times, I was familiar with the plot, but I had seen lists of books that ""you simply must read before you die"" and this one was at or near the top everytime.  Therefore, at age 60, I set out to accomplish what a majority of people seem to have done at age 16.  I picked up a used copy and began reading.  Even though I knew exactly where the story was going, I could not put the book down until I had finished it.  The story is just that compelling and the author's style is that powerful.  The only other novel I have read that affected me this way was ""A Tree Grows in Brooklyn""."
"This classic was ordered for my son. This classic is going to be used in my son's AP English class. So, in addition to the copy issued by his instructor, the ordered edition will be for my son's home studies."
"I bought the 1st edition, 1st printing of Harper Perennial Modern Classics' ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" that was signed by Harper Lee.  At first, I thought I had maybe been scammed because the book was in such good condition, but it was the real thing!  I gave it to my sister for her 22nd birthday (it's her favorite book and she's never owned a copy) and the look on her face when she saw that signature was utter disbelief!  she actually started shaking she was so amazed!  I think it actually trumped the new car my folks gave her!  Thank you, Keene Books, for a priceless reaction that I will NEVER forget, and at such a reasonable cost!"
"Harper Lee's 1960 classic novel about life and racial prejudice in a small Mississippi town in the mid-Thirties proves vibrantly human and poignantly valid 50 years later.  Narrated by 6-8 year old Jean Louise Finch--who scorns the idea of becoming a lady--the story depicts a child's gradual awareness of racial tension and bigotry in the deep South. She and her older brother, Jem, experience the usual round of kids' fantasies and pranks, Us-against-Adults mentality in Part One, which serves as an extensive background for the dramatic and fatal confrontations in Part Two. With a visiting neighbor boy, Dill, the siblings are obsessed with luring out a reclusive man in a spooky house next door, Mr. Arthur ""Boo"" Radley. With deliberate casualness the author mentions an upcoming legal case whose Black defendant will be represented by Scout's quietly dignified father, Atticus. Over the ensuing months she becomes aware that the town and even her extended family are disgusted with the calm tenacity of this man of principle--who  has sunk so low as to be proud to defend a mere Black against a White (trash) family. Scout comes to admire her 50-year-old father for more than his patience and his cool marksmanship under duress.She is amazed by his morality as both as a caring parent and as a trustworthy role model of a human being.  Alone against the entire white community Atticus commands respect in the packed courtroom and in the court of public opinion. An enduring read for all ages."
"This is a book I just never read while growing up, and when my 15-year old son began reading it in school, his interest in it pulled me in.  I checked it out of our local library but had to return it before finishing.  That led me to do an Amazon search.  Admittedly, I was disappointed I wasn't able to find it cheaper than I did, but it truly is a book worth having in our home library and is an excellent read.  I enjoyed Harper Lee's style of writing, and the setting and plot were gripping and significant.  The topics of the worth of a human being, freedom, and prejudice of various kinds, are substantially addressed in this great read, while maintaining a sense of enjoyable fiction.  It is most likely for these reasons that it has become an American classic.  If, like me, you are on the other side of high school and have yet to read To Kill a Mockingbird, I strongly recommend that you do.  At some point in life, it is a MUST READ for everyone."
"What a beautiful book to read.  I believe this is the only book Harper Lee wrote and what a story she had to tell.I knew very little about the storyline and anticipated racial tension and courtroom drama to be ever present.  While racial inequities was ""an"" underlying theme I found the story much more about a man standing for what is right and his children learning how great a man he was.  Tension, prejudices, and inequities are everywhere and Ms. Lee makes sure we see it in its full glory (e.g., educated vs. undereducated, rich vs. poor, wood's folk vs. town's folk, black vs. white, sick vs. healthy, the shy and reclusive vs. the curiosity of a child's mind, etc.).  We all live with these forces in our lives and our surroundings and let them exist without pause.  Atticus tried to stand in the middle and wear the shoes of the individuals on each side, guided by his belief that intrinsic good exist in most if not all.  He believed all of us just needed to understand the other's side to make it work.  Beautiful concept but a position that proves nearly tragic in Atticus' life.As stated above, it's a beautiful book.  Harper Lee must have been born to write this book and she did a fantastic job.  Enjoy."
"To kill a Mockingbird was written beautifully by Harper Lee. Her work in this book is powerful and motivating. It is an American classic and it is loved by so many. It is a very relatable book, and it sends a strong message about discrimination and to be your own person. It teaches you to do what is right, and stand for what you believe in.  We see the world, in this book, through the eyes of a young girl. It gives a new understanding and perspective of what life was like for a child during this time. We can sense and feel the childlike qualities throughout the whole book. It gives the book a feeling of innocence, and an understanding of growing up.  This book begins in the mid 1930s in Maycomb, Alabama. Our narrator Scout lives with her father Atticus, and her brother Jem. Her father Atticus is a lawyer and he defends all sorts of people, including African Americans. This book shows the heartache that this family goes through because of what they believe in. this book is dramatic, humorous and exciting. It is definitely a page turner and you will not be able to put it down."
"This novel is one of my all time favorites!  Very rarely do I read a book more than once, however this book I read over and over and love it just as much everytime!  :-)  It's a must read!!!!!"
"This book I believe all cultures should read, it is a very touching story. Harper Lee is a great writer, I can see why she was awarded the Pulitzer Prize.The Story takes place in the State of Alabama. The Girl who narrates the story is very smart and also strong, I admired her capabilties along with her brother Jem. They take you on adventures throughout the whole book.The plot takes place during the Great Depression. Scout and Jem stand up for their dad Aticus who is a lawyer in the town called Maycomb. Their dad is defending a black man whose name is Tom Robinson, he was accused of raping a young white girl. There is alot of history in this book.This is a must read book it has alot of meaning throughout the whole story, you will not want to put it down, a must read !!!"
"No doubt, over the decades, many people have written fine summaries and analyses of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", the novel.  And so I shall refrain from writing one.  Suffice it to say that it is one of my favorite novels.  I think that reviews of the ""50th Anniversary Edition"" should not so much be about the story as it should be about the edition.  Here are my observations:The cover is nice.  Nothing is wrong with it.The pages have a deckled (ragged) edge, on the side that is opposite the spine.The copyright page does not indicate as to whether or not the paper is acid-free.  The paper does not seem to be acid-free, but I could be wrong about this.The print on each page is consistently dark, and this is good.  The font size is sufficiently large.In terms of content besides the novel itself, there is nothing special.  It has a one-paragraph foreword that was written by Harper Lee in 1993.  In the foreword, she requested that no introduction ever be written for her novel.In short, I give five stars to Harper Lee for her novel, and three stars for this particular edition (because I suspect that the paper is not acid-free and because I don't particularly like deckled edges), yielding an average of four stars."
"This is the perfect match of voice and text. The first-person story narration, plus Spacek's light Southern accent and marvelous acting skill, makes you feel as if a grown-up Scout is telling you her story. A wonderful listening experience -- highly recommended!"
I love this book and I'm staying up late to finish it.  It's summer reading and it's not even summer yet!
"This book has a number of characters with the main characters including the Finch family.  Atticus Finch is the father and he is an attorney in the small southern town of Maycomb, Alabama.  Atticus has two children; a son named Jeremy age 10 who is nicknamed Jem and a daughter age six named Jean Louise who is called Scout.  Jem and Scout's mother died when Scout was only two years old.  They have a housekeeper and cook named Calpurnia.  The story is narrated by Scout.  It tells of their life in Maycomb and about the summer they meet a boy next door staying with his aunt.  This boy is 7 years old and is named Dill.  The children quickly become friends and spend most of their time together playing.  There is an obsession with the children of a nearby neighbor named Boo Radley.  Legend said that Boo had done bad things as a child and had stabbed his father in the leg with a pair of scissors at one point.  Many people have never seen Boo, including Jem, Scout and Dill. They spent time thinking about how they can get Boo to come out of his house.A big portion of the book tells about a trial that is going on in town of a very kind  African American man named Tom Robinson who is charged with beating and raping Mayella Ewell.  Atticus is appointed Tom's attorney.  Mayella Ewell comes from a very poor uneducated white family in town. This book takes place in the 1940's when there was much racial tension in the south.  Many people in town felt that Tom Robinson was guilty before he was even tried for the crime.I enjoyed this story very much.  It was interesting that it was narrated by a child.  Jem and Scout were obviously very close to their father.  They greatly admired him and respected him as did most people in the small community of Maycomb.  This story keeps your interest with the trial and also things that happen to the Finch children.  I highly recommend this book as it is easy to read and understand."
"This past winter (2010), after I'd lost a job and had virtually no money, I was driven to watch my video of the film To Kill a Mockingbird over and over again.  Then in April, I went to a tribute to the novel at Symphony Space in Manhattan, NY on the author's 84th birthday.  The next day I took the book out of the library, and last night (5/5/10) I finished it.  WOW!You know the story: in 1930s Alabama, young Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, her older brother Jem, and visitor Dill Harris connive to make their reclusive neighbor ""Boo"" Radley come out of his house.  Later, their principled father, lawyer Atticus Finch, defends Tom Robinson, a hard-working Black man accused of raping 19-year-old Mayella Ewell, daughter of Bob Ewell, the trashiest white man in town.If you've only seen the film, you missed some of Scout, Jem, and Dill's adventures, such as their plays based upon the Radley ""legend"".  You've missed Uncle Jack and Finch's Landing, and Aunt Alexandra and the ladies' Missionary Circle.  You've missed the secret of the old lady in the rocking chair.  Scout and Jem's visit to their nursemaid Calpurnia's church.  Alexandra forbidding Scout to invite Walter Cunningham Jr. to the Finch house again because he's ""trash""--not because of his behavior, but because of his family's social station.  You missed a quasi-romantic scene between Scout and Dill.To Kill a Mockingbird, at its heart, contrasts the all-people-are-worth-something approach that Atticus Finch tries to teach his children, and the some-people-are-worth-more-than-others code undergirding Maycomb County society.  Scout's third-grade teacher may deride Hitler and glory in America's DEMOCRACY, but thinks the blacks are ""gettin' way above themselves"".  The strict shadow caste system consists of whites of ""background"", money, or education (the Finches and their nearest neighbors), dirt-poor but hard-working white farmers (the Cunninghams), the dirt-poor and shiftless whites (the Ewells), and below them, the ""coloreds"".  The laziest, dirtiest white is ""better"" than the most hard-working or well-mannered black.  No white Maycomb citizen expects Atticus truly to defend a Negro against white accusers--and when Atticus does, someone tries to make him pay.The ""shooting a mockingbird"" motif symbolizes how this unjust system destroys the innocent and the harmless.  This novel says much more than could be squeezed into the movie, which is a great work in its own right."
"Harper Lee wrote one book, and it consisted mostly of random events that happened during her childhood with no rhyme or reason, and it becomes regarded as one of the greatest works ever written.I simply do not understand.  I read this book, and it became apparent rather quickly that all the events in the book had no relation to one another.  Nothing progressed the plot at all.  It was essentially ""this happened, and then this happened, this happened too.""  None of it presented or built upon any one storyline, and quite frankly, most of it was very uninteresting.  Atticus was the only character that I could bring myself to like.  The trial was the most interesting part of the book, which not coincidentally, barely involved the main character, Scout, at all.Definitely not worth all the praise."
"I saw the movie a long time ago and read the book very recently.  I could not put the book down.  There are many insights--bigotry and hatred, goodness, the angst of normal childhood, cruelty by children to others, integrity, etc.  Harper Lee only wrote this novel.  Anything else she would have written would have been second rate by comparison."
"I have not had the opportunity to read the book yet, but it is in excellent condition. I look forward to reading the book."
Beautifully written. As  satisfying to read today as it was at the first reading years ago.
"I never saw the movie and this was the first time I read the book. I'm 45! So I wanted to so what the big deal was. Normally I wouldn't read this type of book. To me in short it was good. Not fantastic or anything and I probably wouldn't read it again. If you were a teacher, say grade school. This would be the classic thats read out loud to and with the students."
"An old edition of the book, usable for a required reading book"
"The book was supposed to be a used book and to my surprise it was like brand new, doesn't appear as though anyone turned one page of the book."
"Even though our children all had to read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" and write a review on it, we did not read the book nor see the movie until the 50th anniversary of the book.  We enjoyed the book and have watched the movie several times.  The variance between the book and the movie is insignificant.  Excellent on both!"
"What can you say about a 50-year-old classic such as this, nothing but FANTASTIC and lots of lessons learned about integrity and respect.I remember reading it in high school, but appreciate it more as an adult...the relationships between the characters, their thoughts and morals, and the life style of that 1930's era is so charming and sweet as well as sad.I loved Scout...she was just adorable....you wanted to be with Scout, Dill, and Jem during their summer fun and antics, during their agony at the trial's outcome, and when events occurred in town after the trial.Don't miss reading it for the first time or reading it again. 5/5"
"I'm not a happy customer. Did not receive the book pictured in the shopping caft, but a blue textbook."
"The book is fine, the service of shipping did not make me happy.  I needed the book for a 5oth birthday.  I was told it would be here by July 22.  It did not, so with further communication I was told since I did super saving shipping that it may take longer.  Why was I told before that I would receive it by July 22?  I had to purchase the book locally for the party.  I returned the book and of course charged shipping for the return.I have shopped with Amazon before and was pleased.  I will continue to use Amazon, but hope this type of incident will not occur again.The same situation with the Game of Life, I also had to purchase locally. I returned the game.Mostly happy customer, not this situation.Terri Postlethwait"
"I just finished the book today. I have read some of the reviews others have left for it and will not try to echo their excellent reviews of this wonderful book. One main thread of a lot of the reviews I have read is the regret of not having read the book when one was younger. I thought I agreed with it until I realized, I would not have appreciated or been as moved by this wonderful book when I was a young person. I am glad I waited to read this classic in middle age. All I can say it moved me deeply, made me consider my own views I have held about others and made me desperate to be even a small portion as good a person as Atticus Finch."
"This book was my favorite as a teen, and it was still touching to read it as an adult. Scout and Atticus are two of my favorite all time characters. Scout is lovable because she is honest and earnest. Atticus is the ultimate role model for all of us to do the right thing regardless of the danger involved or what other people think. Besides all that great stuff, it's a fun and touching story to read. It should be read by everyone."
"Sorry, I cant review this book, Since the seller terminated this transaction without cause or explanation and refunded my payment."
A True Classic for the whole family. A Heartwarming story of a black man beinrg accused of a felony against a white girl.
"Due to a class project in literacy workshop, we had to read the book To Kill A Mockingbird, by Harper Lee. At first, I thought that it was going to be a dull, annoying book. But, after reading the first chapter, this book taught me a lot about racism. It taught me how harsh it was back then, and how it affected many lives. Harper Lee did an excellent job showing how racism had an affect on every character's life. Also, instead of showing us only the main character's point of view on topics, it showed me every character's point of view, which helped me understand the plot. I would absolutely recommend this book to anyone because it teaches a valuable lesson on friendship, racism, and trust."
"I love to kill a mockingbird and I recommend for everyone to read it. This book has amazing characters that are easy to relate to and always keep you on their side. Harper Lee does an exceptional job at using the things that her character says and does to show what kind of a person they are. If there is a group of characters that I will remember for the rest of my life it would be Atticus, Scout, and Jem"
"This book has a great view on the subject of racism and it wraps it into a truly exciting adventure. It points out how bad racism was during this time in america and also shows how some people in america are crazy and pathetic and how others are bright, respectful people who we should all role model ourselves after"
"honestly, I don't like it.because it has somebody else's name on the side of the book....really annoy"
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD by Harper Lee is one of my favorite American fiction classics. I urge you to add it to your ""must read"" list if you've not read it. Read Wikipedia's listing. They state that British librarians ranked TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD ahead of the Bible as one every adult should read before they die."
"This book is delicately contrived and each character and scene is portrayed beautifully.  A wonderful book - touching, memorable and utterly enduring; a treasure for every reader of every age over 10."
"This great novel is full of lessons. Perhaps it is this that makes To Kill a Mockingbird a revered and beloved classic in the eyes of millions. Or perhaps it is Harper Lee's narration in the voice of a Southern child that makes it so moving. Or perhaps it is the story's timeless ability to draw forth sympathy from its readers as much today as it did in 1960. In a great twist, Lee examines the racist South through the eyes of a young white girl.As the story unfolds, we are introduced to Scout and Jem, sister and brother living in a small, depression-era Alabama town. We follow their everyday life as they grow up and we learn the same lessons they learn. The climax finally comes when their father, Atticus, decides to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, falsely accused of raping a white woman. After news of this spreads around town, the children get a glimpse of the ugliness of racism. They learn from the example set by their father, forgiving even Mrs. Dubose, who was one of the most racism women in town.Being told from the perspective of a innocent Southern gal only makes To Kill a Mockingbird and its message more endearing. Lee's portrayal of Scout and Jem's firsthand experience with prejudice is powerful and moving. It makes me wonder: if so innocent and unknowing of a child such as Scout, can realize that racism is wrong, that an innocent man should not be punished, then why can't the adults? This nagging thought is probably what makes this novel so touching.Lee's writing makes it easy to picture the small Alabama town. Despite its many faults, there are many things and places about the town that makes it easy to love. Especially when people like the Finch's give the town an inkling of hope.What really captured me about this novel is its incredible ability to teach its readers life lessons. Through Jem's bout with Mrs. Dubose, Lee teaches us to always forgive other for their faults and look instead for the good in them. Through Tom Robinson and Boo Radley, Lee teaches us about the injustice of the world and subtly encourages us to take a stance against it.To Kill a Mockingbird will leave you breathless. It touches upon so many different values and lessons in life and unfolds in a narration that enhances the impact of the novel's message. Compassionate, dramatic, and deeply moving, To Kill a Mockingbird most definitely merits a second and even a third read. It is a timeless piece that never fails to impress."
The book was extremely old and the pages were yellowed and rapidly turning brown with age---and seemed brittle.
"To kill a mocking bird is a revealation of the injustice that is still perceived in America. It is a book that will bore you from the beginning but will push you to the edge of your seat from chapter 14 to the very end. Its a book for both the old and the young. Its a text book that reveals social injustices and the negative consequences it puts on society as a whole. I wish there was only one storyline, where Harper could have focus on Scout and Atticus relationship than the other characters. The book could have been breif and more riverting, provocative and captivating. But overall, I recommend this book!"
"One of the few books that has truly shaped my thinking, my response to others in the world. I can't count the times I've been on the verge of criticizing or ridiculing someone when I feel Atticus Finch tapping on my shoulder: ""You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view, ...until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.""Thank God for Harper Lee and her beautiful masterpiece."
"After seeing the video (which immortalized Gregory Peck), I really wanted to see the book.And I am really enjoying the book. I think everyone needs to have a copy at home! If you cannot, get a copy from the library. It is a jewel. It gives a very good idea about non-discrimination practices, through the eyes of a girl.Good for any age!"
I have seen the movie which was excellent but the book is better.  I will read it again!
"Firstly the book you get might not be the one shown in Amazon's picture. I got another version. Not a big deal as they all contain the same text just different page numbers.I had never read To Kill a Mockingbird and seeing as how everyone considered it a classic i thought i should give it a read. Having just finished it i have to say it really is a good book. I have also watched the film after reading the book and i have to say i didnt like it as much as the book. I love how the story is split into 2 distinct parts. The first part sets up and describes all the characters as well as taking us through their daily lives. Then we get to the second part which is the part that revolves around the main story of the book, the court case and its participants. Their are quite memorable characters here and each one has their own distinct personality that they live by.Basically if you havent got around to it yet, you really must read this book. It truly is a classic. I am glad i did."
"TKaM is a classic and it was nice to see the 50th edition in its originally-designed book jacket.  If you've never read this book, there is no better time than the present.  Harper Lee's story is timeless, and her message of tolerance and compassion for all is just as clear today as it was 50 years ago.The book was delivered the same day of its release."
"Great format to read easily. When you start to read this classic, you won't want to put it down. A great book to read as a high school's English class requirement."
"It hardly seems like 50 years since I picked up this book late one rainy night when it was first published, after my mom had been raving about the book for weeks, trying to get me to read it.  Well, what the heck, the late movie was boring that evening and there was nothing else on the TV... next thing I knew, it was two o'clock in the morning and I had just turned the final page on what was the most magical reading experience of my entire life.From the opening line, ""When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow..."" Lee hooks the reader with a deceptively simple story of a Southern family and a Southern town caught up in a cataclysmic moral crisis, and keeps us enthralled till the very last word. Lee's writing style is that of the storyteller who mesmerizes her audience telling a tale so simple, yet so compelling, that you never want it to end. Her narrator is Scout Finch, a delightfully devilish little tomboy who sees her world through the all-observant eyes of childhood. Scout is one of the most enchanting characters in modern American fiction. She's bright, funny, totally real; there's nothing contrived about her. She's someone we all knew in first or second grade, or wished we'd known. Scout lives with her brother Jem, four years her senior, her lawyer father Atticus, and their housekeeper Calpurnia, in a sleepy Alabama town where everybody knows or is related to everybody else. Lee spends the first half of the book drawing us into the life of the town and the Finch family, Scout's hilarious and problematic adjustment to first grade, and brings us into the mystery surrounding the notorious-yet-never-seen Boo Radley. The second half of the book is about the moral crisis that tears the town apart.Lee has a way of saying a lot by saying very little, and her laconic statement that the people of Maycomb had recently been told they had nothing to fear but fear itself sets the time squarely in 1933, the depths of the Great Depression. Times were bad for most people in small Southern towns; they were especially bad for poor whites and all blacks. In 1933 the South was rigidly segregated down every possible line, and a white woman's false accusation of rape was enough to get a black man hanged. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white populace, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.In Atticus Finch, Lee created what would eventually grow to be the best-loved character in all American fiction. Atticus is a loving but not a doting father, an able lawyer, and an individual of towering integrity. He takes Tom's case because he knows Mayella's accusation is full of holes, and he believes Tom is as deserving of good legal representation as anyone else. Atticus knows better than anyone else how his decision to take the case will affect his children, but as he explains to Scout, who wonders how Atticus can be right if everybody else thinks he's wrong, if he didn't take the case, he could never hold his head up in front of his children again.Atticus knows he's fighting a losing battle, but deep inside himself he believes he may lose a battle but win a bigger war. The chapters describing Tom Robinson's trial and Atticus's defense are some of the most powerful in American fiction. On of the most moving passages in the book is at the end of the trial when the town's black minister tells Scout to ""Stand up. Your father's passin'.""Along with Scout and Atticus Finch, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: ""She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard."" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.I turned the final page of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one.  At two o'clock in the morning.  The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.Judy Lind"
"What do you do when you sit down to write a book and you get it absolutely perfect the first time? Unfortunately, you never write another one. How could Harper Lee have possibly followed this up? Anything she wrote after ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" would have been anticlimax. So on the strength of one book, Harper Lee will be forever remembered for writing one of the greatest books of the contemporary American literature.I picked up this book late one night the year it was first published, after my mom had been raving about the book for weeks, trying to get me to read it. Well, what the heck, the late movie was boring that evening... next thing I knew, it was two o'clock in the morning and I had just turned the final page on what was the most magical reading experience of my entire life.From the opening line, ""When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow..."" Lee hooks the reader with a deceptively simple story of a Southern family and a Southern town caught up in a cataclysmic moral crisis, and keeps us enthralled till the very last word. Lee's writing style is that of the storyteller who mesmerizes her audience telling a tale so simple, yet so compelling, that you never want it to end. Her narrator is Scout Finch, a delightfully devilish little tomboy who sees her world through the all-observant eyes of childhood. Scout is one of the most enchanting characters in modern American fiction. She's bright, funny, totally real; there's nothing contrived about her. She's someone we all knew in first or second grade, or wished we'd known. Scout lives with her brother Jem, four years her senior, her lawyer father Atticus, and their housekeeper Calpurnia, in a sleepy Alabama town where everybody knows or is related to everybody else. Lee spends the first half of the book drawing us into the life of the town and the Finch family, Scout's hilarious and problematic adjustment to first grade, and brings us into the mystery surrounding the notorious-yet-never-seen Boo Radley. The second half of the book is about the moral crisis that tears the town apart.Lee has a way of saying a lot by saying very little, and her laconic statement that the people of Maycomb had recently been told they had nothing to fear but fear itself sets the time squarely in 1933, the depths of the Great Depression. Times were bad for most people in small Southern towns; they were especially bad for poor whites and all blacks. In 1933 the South was rigidly segregated down every possible line, and a white woman's false accusation of rape was enough to get a black man hanged. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white populace, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.In Atticus Finch, Lee created what would eventually grow to be the best-loved character in all American fiction. Atticus is a loving but not a doting father, an able lawyer, and an individual of towering integrity. He takes Tom's case because he knows Mayella's accusation is full of holes, and he believes Tom is as deserving of good legal representation as anyone else. Atticus knows better than anyone else how his decision to take the case will affect his children, but as he explains to Scout, who wonders how Atticus can be right if everybody else thinks he's wrong, if he didn't take the case, he could never hold his head up in front of his children again.Atticus knows he's fighting a losing battle, but deep inside himself he believes he may lose a battle but win a bigger war. The chapters describing Tom Robinson's trial and Atticus's defense are some of the most powerful in American fiction. On of the most moving passages in the book is at the end of the trial when the town's black minister tells Scout to ""Stand up. Your father's passin'.""Along with Scout and Atticus Finch, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: ""She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard."" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.I turned the final page of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one. At two o'clock in the morning.  The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.Judy Lind"
"I had to read this for 9th grade English, and I expected it to be dull and boring, like everything else we had to read. Boy, was I wrong! I had to force myself NOT to read ahead, it was so interesting! It wasn't entirely about Tom Robinson's trial; there were some side plots, such as the stories of Boo Radley, Mrs. Dubose, and the tree filled with gifts. None of them were pointless, though. They all tied in to the central theme of the story.When I first started reading, I could not understand what the heck ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" meant. Even when I cam across that quote halfway through the book, I didn't get it. When I was done, however, I could understand the symbol perfectly. I also enjoyed how the very first sentence in the book, about Jem's elbow, is explained almost at the very end.I want to mention that I have a friend who never reads anything, ever. She hates books and reading with a passion. She had to read TKAM for the same reason as me, for English class. Her class read it before mine, and when she was done, she told me she loved it. I think that just proves how excellent the book is: if SHE loves it, it's got to be good!My one complaint is that we had to do so much work on it. We had to write Jane Shaffers, we had to complete reading guides, we had to do quickwrites, we had to take excessive notes. All that, in my opinion, just killed the joy of reading such a wonderful book. I fully intend to go back and re-read it when the school year is over so I can appreciate it even more for what it is.To Kill a Mockingbird has replaced Beastly (Alex Flinn) as my favorite book of all time. Absolutely nothing can beat it. If you have a chance to read this book outside of school, by all means, do so."
"I know I must have read this book during my teenage years but, for some reason, couldn't remember its details.  So, to read it again (possibly) in middle age was an absolute revelation.  What a wonderful book.  What a totally captivating story.Set in semi-rural Alabama in the years following the Great Depression, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" covers the events of a small town and some of its underlying tensions.  These are largely of a racial nature where poor and scarcely literate whites seem to have an innate hatred of blacks.  Thus, we see the trial of Tom Robinson, an honest but poor black man, who is unfairly convicted of the rape of Mayella Ewell, the eldest daughter of a family of white trash.  This is a sad case of bad triumphing over good.However, the story has more to offer.  Some degree of justice does prevail in the end.  Yet, the book is more than a linear plot.  It tells the story of the town brilliantly.  The reader is entranced by the characters.  We can see the wisdom of Atticus Finch, the town's lawyer; the violent ignorance of Bob Ewell, the father of Mayella; and the natural curiosity of Jem and Scout, the two children of Atticus.  In every sense, these characters are absolutely plausible.  Indeed, they are real.  The reader thus feels as though he or she is a voyeur to real events.  Harper Lee as the author has done a terrific job.  As the work of a first time author, Lee deserves accolades of the highest order.To read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a privilege.  It is English literature at its best.  I feel that I am a richer person for the experience."
i got the book it was in new con and it got to me in 3 days
"In this book you observe a southern family grow up in a racist community in Alabama during the great depression. The family consists of father, Atticus Finch, who is a lawyer with high moral standards (not a racist). A sister/daughter, Louise Scout Finch a.k.a Scout, and a brother/son, Jem. In this book the family suffers hate from some people in the community and love from others because Atticus is lawyering for a black man wrongly accused of rape. Mean while Jem and Scout are trying to catch a glimpse of Boo Radley, a boy rumored to have stabbed his father.I thought this book was one of the greatest books of all time. Not only does this book have great morals (Mainly from Atticus, Jem, Scout, and Boo Radley. Many of the other people have bad racist morals) but it has a wonderfully descriptive, lengthy, and interesting plot. I would give this book two thumbs up, 10 out of 10, and five stars all at once. My favorite part of the book was the act of symbolism. By this I mean that a mockingbird symbolizes Boo Radley and Tom Robinson (the black man accused of rape). I believe it is a sin to kill a mockingbird because it has not done anything to deserve death and that people need to learn to treat things that they don't understand with love and respect"
"The book was very worn out, and I was disappointed to find that a page was missing from the text. This wasn't indicated when I purchased the book."
This book is truly deserving of it's classic status. It was so well written and easy to read. The themes addressed were so important to the time when it was written. The characters were loveable and you get to feel like you know them. I can very easily see why this book was voted as the best book of the century by the ALA. I'm just sorry it took me so long to get around to reading it! Definitely a five star read!
"I read this book 15 years ago.  Reading it again was wonderful, I had forgotten what a great book it is.  To Kill a Mockingbird and Les Miserables are my two favorite novels."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is about growing up and coming of age in the Deep South.  It centers around the Finch family:  Atticus Finch is the father and a lawyer, Scout the spunky girl who can rough and tumble with the best of the boys, and Jem the older brother.  The story focuses on the day to day wanderings of Jem and Scout and how their lives change as a result of the trial their father gets involved in.  Atticus defends a black man accused of raping a white woman.  It's a trial that he has no hope of winning, but he tries his hardest because that's what is right.It's a good story because it shows tolerance and acceptance.  It asks the reader to step into another person's shoes to see life from their point of view before passing judgement.  It was a good read and I liked Lee's writing style.  That said, it's not a favorite and not one that I'd pick up again.  It just didn't ressonate with me like I was hoping it would."
"I absolutely loved this book!!!  With all the reviews done of it, it is very hard to find anything new to add.  If you take away anything from this book, it should be Atticus' belief in respect for all humans regardless of race or abilities.  It definitely should be required reading in all high schools."
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD bookMy order was received in a timely manner. Everything went smoothly. I'm pleased. Thanks. Letha Woodring
"I have been tutoring a sixth grader who does not like to read. I thought it might be above her reading level, but the story has pulled her from page to page.  For months I have tried to ignite her interest to read.  To Kill A Mockingbird was the book that made the difference.  She will always remember that To Kill A Mockingbird was the book that marked her passage from being an indifferent, poor reader to becoming an enthusiastic, successful reader."
"As part of my reading list this year I have decided to return to some of the classics I read in grade school, and ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was at the top of my list. At this point I'm not quite sure how I feel about the novel - I neither liked it, nor disliked it. The choice of narrator was brilliant on Lee's part, and I greatly appreciated seeing such poignant events through the eyes of children. Lee's writing style itself gives much to be admired, and is a wonderful example of a marriage between creativity and craftsmanship. However, the novel has left me with a feeling of melancholy that is keeping me from joyous praise."
"Sissy Spacek is the perfect narrator for this novel! This is the most expensive audiobook I've ever purchased and it was well worth it. My son is 13 and when it came time for him to read this classic American literature, we decided listen to it together in the car during our daily commute. We both enjoyed it immensely. Spacek's narration added a rich dimension to this terrific novel for me, as one familiar with the book, and for my son, who was new to it."
"Rather than reviewing this timeless classic that has already been read millions of times and will be read millions more, I'm going to share what I got out of my most recent reading.The message I took away this time is respect for all people.  All the Atticus', Scout's, Jem's, Tom Robinson's, Calpurnia's, Mrs. Dubose's, Heck Tate's, Boo Radley's, Mr. Cunningham's, and even the Bob Ewell's.  Atticus was the perfect example of this, getting to know people as individuals and not as a member of a group.  He helped Scout and Jem to see Mrs. Dubose not just as an angry old lady who shouts terrible things to them, but as a woman with an addiction trying her hardest to overcome it (and does).  Scout innocently helped the mob outside the jail (or at least Mr. Cunningham) to view Atticus as a man with children instead of just someone trying to stop them from getting to Tom.In respecting all people, Atticus was respected by almost all (obviously not Bob Ewell), even though they may not agree with his choices.I read it with three of my children.  I got a little nervous about the book choice when I remembered what the trial was about, but knowing the message of the book isn't rooted in the rape, I went for it, sometimes reading it as such, sometimes replacing ""rape"" for ""hurt"" (because of some of their ages and understanding).  I'm glad we read it.  They enjoyed it and we talked a lot about the messages in it."
"In To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee weaves a coming of age story with its own everyday heroes.  Scout and her brother, Jem, learn valuable lessons about life from the colorful characters around them and a society fraught with hard economic times and racial tension.  Set during the depression in rural Alabama, Scout leads us through her world with the innocent eyes of a child.  Not always understanding, but ever seeing.When Scout's father Atticus Finch is chosen to represent an African American man accused of raping a white woman, the stage is set for these children to learn some very valuable lessons about life...and the greatness of their father's integrity.  When things are rough and the family may lose its innocence, a most unlikely hero steps from the shadows to save our young heroine and her brother in their time of need.To Kill a Mockingbird may be a classic for many reasons, but it will remain in this reader's heart for its character, its integrity and its willingness to step outside of the societal norm and see the goodness in people regardless of what the world at large may think or be told to believe.  You would be hard pressed to find a classic book more easily entertaining and heart warming as this one.If you are not a reader, I highly recommend watching the 1962 movie of the same title, with Gregory Peck starring as Atticus Finch.  If it is possible for an actor to capture the spirit of a character and bring that character more readily to life, I have not seen it yet.Enjoy!To Kill a Mockingbird"
"This audio book is a wonderful version of the classic novel.  I love the idea of listening to this on a long road trip.  This novel captures life in a small southern time during the time of segregation and the Great Depression and brings to life the quirky personalities one might find in any small, close-knit community, as well as the great and not-so-great qualities of humankind.  Of course, one of the best aspects of the novel is Atticus, a great classic father figure.  As a high school teacher, I find this is a great resource to use when we do whole class readings.  Not only does this save my teacher's voice, but the reading itself is very enjoyable and authentic (Southern accent and all!)  The narrator accurately captures the tone and characterization found in the dialogue, and reads at a slower pace, allowing for students to interpret the meaning of some parts that contain difficult vocabulary words.  The audio CDs are also wonderful to use since I can monitor students during the audio portion, and pause to discuss important scenes and events.  Highly recommended!"
This book starts of a little slow when the characters are being developed but gets much better as it gets into the meat of the matter. It is nicely written and the story line is very strong. It really captures racism back in the day and turns it into a compelling tale/reality...
"To Kill a Mockingbird, written by Harper Lee, is a childhood memory told by Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch. The story begins by mentioning Jeremy ""Jem"" Finch's broken arm, but then takes us farther back to tell us the whole story.Jean Louise remembers her first day at school and bearing the unexplained wrath of her teacher. Her father, Atticus, lets her know that she'll be okay and either way she can't stop going. Jem also does his best to comfort his sister.Then, Jean Louise takes us to a large part of the story, summer time. Jem, Scout, and their neighbor, Dill, all make several attempts to get Boo Radley to come out of his ""haunted"" house. When Scout finally does meet Boo at the end of the book she finds him to be rather normal other than the extreme paleness of his skin after staying indoors all his life.The story then tells us of Atticus' case for Tom Robinson, a black who was accused of raping a white woman. Tom Robinson's case loses even after evidence of his inability to rape someone was shown. The jury was all white and would never let a black man win a case over even the white ""trash"".Mr. Ewell did have the satisfaction of knowing that Tom had died in a mad dash for freedom from prison. He had seen an opportunity to run and grabbed, but when he tried to vault a fence he was to slow and was shot in the back.But some truths were exposed of the Ewells (the family accusing him of rape), and Mr. Ewell held it against the Finches until his accidental death in which he killed himself when falling on a knife he planned to use to kill Scout and Jem finch. During his scuffle with Jem, he threw Jem at a tree and Jem's arm was shattered. This brought us to the close of Jean Louise's story.I thoroughly enjoyed the book and would recommend it to anyone who is considering reading it.I have heard a lot of people saying that the ending is no good, but I actually found the ending as pleasant as the rest of the book.The entire book teaches good morals on doing what you know to be right rather than what would be accepted better. One downfall though, Scout and Jem have an incredibly hard time obeying Atticus, but doesn't everyone have a hard time obeying their parents all the time?"
"The only thing I can't figure out is WHY I never read this before.  Apparently, it wasn't required reading in high school.  But I'm ever so glad I finally got to reading it.It was brilliant and I can easily understand how this novel has withstood the test of time.  I saw that it was still one of the best books of 2008.  I can't say anymore than has already been said on this novel, except if you, by chance, haven't read it yet....do yourself a favor and enjoy a classic.Scout and Atticus are characters that live on in your memory long after that last page is read."
"The story is about racial injustice and the loss of innocence. We see Atticus defending the black man, Tom Robinson, against a white family who says he raped their daughter. Atticus is called many names because he is willing to defend a black man and without pay. Bob Ewell, the father of the ""raped"" girl is determined to get revenge on the Finch family and anyone involved in the trial. Atticus believes that since the trial is over and Tom is 70 miles away that Bob Ewell will be done with the whole thing and put it behind him. Aunt Alexandra who helps take care of Atticus, Scout and Jem thinks that a man like Bob will do anything to get revenge. Throughout the book, a sense of foreboding is felt due to wondering whether the Finch family are safe from Bob. Another character we hear alot about is Boo Radley. He is a man who sits in his house and never comes out. Scout and Jem wonder why he doesn't come out and everyone else tell them it is because he is weird and crazy. They are all scared of him. Every summer a friend of Scout and Jem's named Dill returns to their town and they try to make Boo Radley come out of his house. Scout says all she wants is to see what he looks like. One year the town has a Halloween party and Scout and Jem are going home afterwards. it is dark and they cannot see very well. All of a sudden they hear a noise from behind and they are scared. Someone tries to grab them and there is a scuffle. Jem is hurt in the scuffle and the man who attacked them turns out to be Bob Ewell. Boo Radley had seen the whole thing and comes to help. He kills Bob Ewell with a knife but in the process but no one sees him do it. Boo carries Jem to the Finch house so he can get help. Scout sees him later in her house and realizes who he is. She realizes that looks can be deceiving and often people are not as they seem. She learns many life lessons and doesn't really want to grow up but is forced to due to the circumstances in her life.This is an awesome book and it definitely gets 5 stars out of 5. You should watch the movie as well because Gregory Peck portrays Atticus Finch and he is great."
"I went to purchase this book for one of my college classes and was pleasantly surprised when I found it for such a low price.  I ordered it on the 25th of January and I have still not received it even though it says my order was placed.  I was very disappointed and it caused a lot of problems during the first few classes.  I would not recommend buying from this ""provider."""
This is one of my favorite books. It is a must read for people of all ages.
"THIS BOOK CAME WRAPPED CAREFULLY AND IN VERY GOOD CONDITION.  MOREOVER,  THEOWNER OF BOOK RESCUE, BETSY LEWIS, WROTE A LETTER SAYING THE BOOK WAS ON THE WAY.  I PLAN TO DEAL WITH HER MORE, ESPECIALLY IF SHE HAS FIRST EDITION BOOKS THAT I AM INTERESTED IN."
"Everyone should have this book in their collection. It is a classic story of who did right by his convictions and his family. If you have never read the book, it should be on your list of books to read.  Amazon had a great price for the anniversary edition so I bought it. It arrived within a few days and happily I just finished reading it."
The characters and story are certainly mid-30's America.  I felt as though I lived in the town and knew every character intimately.  A fabulous writing style that immerses the reader into the action and emotion of the narrative!  Loved this!
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels to have ever been written. It is a fiction story told from the perspective of young Scout Finch, the daughter of Maycomb, Alabama's lawyer, Atticus Finch. The novel is set in the deep South in the 1930's, during the country's Great Depression. The essence of the book deals with Atticus' struggles in defending a black man accused of raping a white woman and the repercussions that Scout and Jem deal with. Boo Hadley, the town recluse, and the children form a friendship and all become involved in the trial as well. I love this book because it is a wonderful read and it deals with many relevant issues today. This book is a classic and should be read over and over by both students and adults."
"The book To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a novel that discusses racist topics, and world problems. Jean Louise Finch (Scout), her brother Jem, and their friend Dill experience many tough situations to learn from that they don't understand as kids, but as they get a little older their dad explains it and it makes sense to them. The kids, along with many others are faced with racism throughout the book and it has a major impact on their lives. I enjoyed the way Harper Lee wrote most of the book. She used outstanding details and imagery to describe the characters and scenes. I found the way she wrote the courtroom scene very detailed. I could feel the intense emotions flying back and forth between Atticus and Mr. Gilmer as they argued the facts of Tom Robinson's case. Mrs. Lee showed both, Atticus' and Mr. Gilmer's personalities with that one scene alone by how she described their facial expressions and emotions. It showed how calm Atticus is, opposed to how angry, and determined to defeat Atticus Mr. Gilmer is. Most of the novel was very strong. The book started off a little slow and gradually got more exciting. The author took a while to introduce the characters and their personalities. It took me some time to get in to the book before it pulled me in. The author spent a lot of time on the introduction to make sure she thoroughly described the setting and characters to make it clear to the reader what was going on. Once I got in to the plot I realized that the introduction was extremely helpful to the reader. This book tells a terrific story along with showing real life problems. It was a fun book that I would recommend to all readers."
"Classic banned book!  I read this book back in high school, then decided to pick it back up for this year's banned book week.Excellent book.  I'm not one to get all into the symbolism and deep meanings behind books.  With that said, To Kill A Mockingbird is a quick read for anyone who enjoys reading from a child's point of view and/or likes reading historical fiction.  Scout, the narrator, is a young girl from about the ages of 7-9.  She and her brother Jem, and their friend Dill who is in town only during the summers, have all kinds of imaginitive fun.  Meanwhile, Scout and Jem's dad, Atticus, is raising the children by himself while working as a/the lawyer for the town they live in.  As a lawyer, Atticus is called to defend a black man who has been accused by a trashy white man of raping his daughter.  Given the time period, this is a big deal because of race and people of the town say hateful things to/about Atticus for defending the black man and doing his job.This is a wonderful coming-of-age type story mixed with some historical references.  Great quick read."
"Good price, quick shipping and good quality. I save a lot of money to buy books from Amazon for my children during economic downturn."
These CD's have come in handy for a child whom does not like to read. WE listen in the car on our way to activities.
You must read this book. It is a classic. I could hardly wait to get it to read it again after several years. It showed up only days after I had purchased it which was nice...
"I re-read this book for the third time this year and it gets better each time I read it.  I think that as we get older, it is easier to integrate all the experiences and wisdom that are inherent in 'To Kill a Mockingbird'.  However, as I think back, I loved it just as much in my younger years when I felt the same passions and was closer in age to Scout and Jem.The book is about a family in Maycomb, Alabama during the height of the great depression.  Atticus Finch, an attorney, is a widower raising two children, Scout and Jem.  The book is told from Scout's viewpoint.  She is a precocious girl about 10 years old.  The Finches have a full-time housekeeper, a black woman who is much like a surrogate mother to them.Maycomb, Alabama is very stratified at this time.  There is the white section and the black section, the middle class white section and the poor white section.  The Finches' , though struggling like everyone during the depression, are considered middle class.The story is about the trial of a black man, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a white woman.  Atticus Finch decides to represent him and this creates all kinds of challenges for the family from the white community.  The black community is very thankful towards Atticus and his family.  Scout and Jem have to deal with their own struggles in school due to the stratification of the town and the many families that are angry at Atticus for taking the case.The story unfolds beautifully.  There is a wonderful cast of characters living on the Finches' street that we get to meet through Scout's eyes.  I think that as children, we all had those folks in our neighborhood that we liked or feared or thought were just plain mean.  We meet these folks on Scout's street. We also get to view the trial through Scout's eyes.I recommend this book for everyone starting in high school.  It is a book that has lasting power, that will be read for generations to come.  It has universal themes of love, hate, racism, poverty, wealth, and community.  Harper Lee is a great writer who has written an American classic."
"Each time I read this book, I find more jewels inside.  Harper Lee has written a masterpiece.  I'm amazed how she accurately illustrates the complexities of topics that are difficult for adults (then and now) to comprehend and articulate.  The fact that she paints these pictures through the eyes of children is AMAZING.  I wish she'd written more.  Although when you write perfection your first time out, it must be hard to contempate topping yourself."
"i would love to write an accurate review of this book, the vendor that you partner with has taken my money and has not sent the book.  i would truly appreciate it if you would intervene in this matter."
"Part of what prompted me to buy this classic on audiobook was that Sissy Spacek was the narrator. I knew she would do it justice, as well as lend authenticity with her Southern accent. To Kill a Mockingbird is a classic that continues to endure today. The audiobook version, as narrated by Ms. Spacek, is riveting and engrossing. I looked forward to my commute because I knew there was more drama or just more of a wonderful story waiting to unfold!"
"There are so many reviews and websites about Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird that it's difficult to imagine adding much to the discussion.  This was not required reading for me during my middle or high school years and I recently read it because it was chosen by my book club.  There are so many lessons to be gleaned from this book and I think there's something for everyone to take away.Told from the view of Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch who does not fit the stereotype of a young lady, this story highlights and challenges the assumptions that are often made about those whom we don't understand or know much about, the racial inequalities and prejudices that exist in our society, and the importance of family, integrity, and morality.The story starts out a bit slow, but stay with it and you'll be glad you did.  It wasn't a page turner for me and took a bit of resolve to stick with it in the beginning, but it was well worth the time to read it to the end.  It was one of those books that had me going back to reread and ponder passages throughout.Excellent read with layers of meaningful insights."
"Never read this in high school, so I thought I'd read it with my daughter as she read it for her high school english class. I told my daughter that I would read it at the same pace as her class, but I found I couldn't put it down and had to speed ahead of their slow pace. What were my teachers thinking to have left this off the list?  A beautiful piece of literary fiction with meaningful metaphors and lessons on tolerance that we could all still benefit from today."
"Author of Afinidad: A novel of a serial killerTo my mind, this is the best book ever written. It has everything in it that a novel should have: unforgettable characters that you come to love, especially the two children at the heart of the novel, Scout, who narrates the story over a period of three summers, and her brother, Jem, but an erstwhile villain, Bo Radley, comes to find a place in your heart in the end as well; so descriptive of place and time (Alabama, 1930s) that you have to re-orientate yourself to your own surroundings when you put the book down, and the superb regional dialogue plays no small part in that; and a truly interesting storyline that keeps you deeply involved until the last page. The central story is the defence of a black man who is accused of raping a white woman by Atticus, the children's father. However, there is much, much more to the book than that.  There is the innocent play of children in the blistering hot Southern summers; there is the angst they experience as they mature, especially poor Scout failing to conform to the accepted notion of a young Southern lady; and overall, there is the love and respect of a father for his children. There is also great drama in the book. Scout's father is forced to confront a mob set on lynching his client; Jem gets stalked by some terrifying presence one night; a rabid dog goes beserk and needs to be shot. The writing is so powerful that you are on the edge of your seat as these scenes unfold, and that includes some terrifc courtroom ones as Atticus roots out the truth behind the accusation of rape. There is a persistent rumor that this book was written by Harper Lee's great childhood friend, Truman Capote, and that wouldn't surprise me at all. I didn't get to Truman's books until years after reading and loving this one, but when I did, I thought the style of writing was exactly the same, and just as brilliant. So I personally think that there may be some truth in the rumor, or at the very least, that he gave a great deal of assistance.....As a bonus, it is a must for anyone who wants to gain insight into the Southern way of thinking seventy odd years ago."
"This book is one of a kind.Harpler Lee really showed how life was like in the 30's.This book potrayed the life themes of innocence, honesty and justice."
"Author of Afinidad: A novel of a serial killerTo my mind, this is the best book ever written.  It has everything in it that a novel should have: unforgettable characters that you come to love, especially the two children at the heart of the novel, Scout, who narrates the story that takes place over three summer vacations, and her brother, Jem, but an erstwhile villain, Bo Radley, comes to find a place in your heart in the end as well; so descriptive of place and time (Alabama,1930s) that you have to re-orientate yourself to your own surroundings when you put the book down, and the superb regional dialogue plays no small part in that; and a truly interesting storyline that keeps you deeply involved until the last page. There is great drama in the book.  Scout's father is forced to confront a mob set on lynching a black man; Jem gets stalked by some terrifying presence one night; a rabid dog goes beserk and needs to be shot et al. Atticus is a fair-minded liberal lawyer choosing to defend a black man charged with raping a white woman.  This fact makes for some very tense scenes as this choice is not very popular at all in the early twentieth centure South. The writing is so powerful that you are on the edge of your seat as these scenes unfold, and that includes some great courtroom ones.  But there is so much more than drama in the book.  It is a truly heartwarming story of a father's love and respect for his children, and also the angst those children experience as they grow into maturity. Poor Scout, for instance, struggles with the then accepted notion of what a young Southern lady wears and how she behaves.There is a persistent rumor that this book was written by Harper Lee's great childhood friend, Truman Capote, and that wouldn't surprise me at all.  I didn't get to Truman's books until years after reading and loving this one, but when I did, I thought the style of writing was exactly the same, and just as brilliant.  So I personally think that there may be some truth in the rumor, or at the very least, that he gave a great deal of assistance.....As a bonus, it is a must for anyone who wants to gain insight into the Southern way of thinking seventy odd years ago."
"At the beginning of the book, I didn't think it was very good and it was kind of boring. Once you get a couple of chapters into the book, you begin to understand why the book was written. The setting of the book was a little country town during the time when blacks and whites were not treated equally. The story is told by a little girl that is faced with many challenges and is discovering that the world can be really unfair."
"I have never understood those who talk about who will write or when ""The Great American Novel"" will appear. It has already been written, by Harper Lee.Sissy Spacek was an inspired choice to narrate this book, with her soft Southern accent. Indeed, as you listen to her read you can well imagine a grown-up Scout reading her memoirs. Ms. Spacek does not try to 'mimic' other voices, such as Jen or Atticus, but simply changes tone a bit.This audiobook is unabridged: you get every single word (including the wonderful quote about lawyers having been children once). There are no 'sound effects' or such during the reading. At the end of each chapter is some soft music (lutes or such) to lead you into the next chapter.If you are a fan of To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee, you will want to obtain this audiobook. I will remind all that there was another audiobook version put out in 1990 or so (I forget who read it); I thought about buying it (at Barnes Noble), hesitated a year or two, and then it was gone. They simply did not make that many copies and they were soon all gone."
"Really, history texts are ""more entertaining"" than this book?Now this reviewer has something that can be used as a good talking point about the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" but rather than saying it-he/she would rather bury their point in sarcasm. As many of you know, students have trouble learning by reading only textbooks. It's safe to say, textbooks can be dry, fact-laden, and lack the appeal necessary to engage a student who finds flipping their pencil around more interesting. Given the sarcasm, this reviewer knows that history books are generally considered ""not entertaining"" and uses a tongue-and-cheek approach to say that Lee's ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" is less entertaining than what is already established as `low entertainment.'My question is why? Why not say what you mean? Why the sarcasm? Why not suggest a resource or piece of fiction that portrays history better? But perhaps this reviewer can't. Perhaps their sarcasm is a tactic to hide their misreading of an important piece of literature.Yes, Harper Lee's book does contain stereotypes, but let's take it further. Let's see Lee's book as a spring board to question the use of stereotypes at all?Instead of dismissing a novel written in the late 50's (published in 1960) along side a late 70's television show (Goodtimes aired between 1974-1979), why not use this to question the case a television show duplicated the same stereotypes of a book twenty years its predecessor? Or how is it that such stereotypes are still used in fiction and film in our current times? This reviewer dismisses a book like ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" rather that seeing that it can be used to talk about the human condition (no matter how unfortunate this condition may be) that things outside individual perceptions are generalized and used, (often commercialized) that then perpetuate the misunderstanding of others to the demise of everyone, but in particular to minorities?This reviewer writes that ""Simply put, this is a novel about racism written for people who received their knowledge about racism from this book!"" What I think this person wants to say is that instead of standing against racism, this book serves to perpetuate it. But how can this reviewer not take in consideration the time period in which the book was written (which was the same decade Lucile Ball could not say the word ""pregnant"" on television). But this reviewer fails to recognize that this book does not only show us prejudice thinking but calls it to question and provides us with the opportunity to talk about it. And this dialogue begins from where the book starts-from the point of view of children.So reviewer, how is this book an ""insult to intelligent readers"" when readers you speak of sit some 50 years after its making? Isn't this book history itself? If you peal back its coming of age story, we get a first hand look at what at the time (as sad it as it maybe to us now) were controversial ideas? The situation where a man can be guilty simply because of the color of his skin puts to question how these notions have been embedded in our culture. This can be used to start a dialogue of how far we have or have not come. Instead of judging it, let's learn from it and put our contemporary egos aside to look at what is between the lines in this text.For example, this reviewer calls to attention that the stereotypical use of minorities being saved by ""archetypal"" ""perfect"" white man and calls it a fault of the book. But isn't the fault of prejudice times the book is set in? Could Lee have created an African American lawyer character to do the saving of an innocent African American man on trial during the 50's? Sadly, no. Lee was using examples of what were available at the time to bring to question how others are condemned because of something as arbitrary as the color of a person's skin.This is our shared history. I am not proud of it, but it is where we have evolved from. But when I read a review like this one I question that very evolution. We have the privilege of being somewhere else in time, we know better. Should they have known better then? I say ""yes,"" because I live now. Did others at the time see what we see now? Sure, there have been people throughout history who have fought to the point of loss of life for the equality of all. Those people were visionaries. Lee in writing ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" does represent a piece of that visionary notion that says, ""There is something wrong with condemning a person not by their actions but by who they are that others do not know."" You seem say how dare she call this to question by using stereotypes? When really there wasn't enough integration of people to see differently. Going by the publication history of this book, people where finally coming around to question how they believed.So yes, this book contains the dangerous notions that have been used to justify not only supremacy but also hate and horrible crimes against others. But it also exposes the idea of how tyrannical popular belief can be. Use extreme care when relegating a book of this magnitude to the pile of the unreadable because you can't get over the time period in which it represents. To say something is racists when it shows racism is to dangerously stop the conversation that such literature brings.So let's use the luxury of being forward in time (and it is a luxury as those who will be 50 years a head of us will have), we can peer into the systems at work in this book, and learn to not repeat the mistakes. Use it to question our notion of humanity by what others had to endure.As Scout in the novel says, ""when you really see them,"" I think this reviewer failed to ""really"" see Harper Lee and this book. He/she claims to be an intelligent reader, but somehow does not understand that time-stamped literature show us ourselves and sometimes (dear, I say often) that side of us is not a pleasant one. Let's question the book, not dismiss it as something that perpetuates it unless it is in the hands of a person who chooses to use it as a perpetuation. Because in actuality, it's the times we stand juxtaposed against not the literary products thereof.Classical literature helps us do this by getting inside, seeing the composite faces and lives of who they were.So please drop the sarcasm and say what you mean. Then a great conversation and learning, learning about who we are-where we've been and where we're going-can really begin."
"This book is, to say the least, an American classic. It captures the innocence of childhood, the simplicity of times gone by, the struggle of small town life during racial tensions, and so much more. The story is uncomplicated, straight forward, and heartfelt. It will always be one of my favorite stories."
"It served the purpose. The book had no writing, underlining or highlighting, which is what I was concerned about and is what the seller had promised. The only complaint, if you can call it a complaint, is that the book smelled musty and old.  My daughter complained about the smell everytime she had to pick the book up to read it.  Since I bought the book for a fraction of what a new one would have cost, I told her to deal with it."
"I've read hundreds of books and ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is the only I return to over and again for the sheer simplicity and beauty of the work. The book is rightfully a classic because it paints a picture of the race-embroiled South through the eyes of a child -- and in that Harper Lee gives us a view untainted by prejudice or stereotype. Buy this book, read it, and I promise you will want to return to it again over the years, too."
"Lee's smart, elegant prose weaves between the charm of childhood with the disturbing realities of racism in the South in the 1930's.  An African American man, Tom Robinson, is falsely accused of raping a white woman and goes to trial. The crime, at the time, could potentially result in the death penalty for Tom; certainly, racist ""mob-rule"" to take Tom's life coexists with his trial proceedings.  A white man, the lawyer Atticus Finch, takes up Tom's case in the face of racist resistance and taunting.  A keenly felt subtext in ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is how Finch's children and their friend soak in what is happening.As ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1961, its tension, suspense and address of racial issues were timely as it fell in the midst of The Civil Rights Movement.  Yet, its themes of racism, injustice, and the passing on of values to our children for the generations to come will be timeless and universal.  Lee's prose transports the reader into the worlds of all its characters - the lawyer, his children, the man on trial and his family, as well as Macomb's many racists - and its soft moralizing, so poetically and rightly put, touches any open heart."
"One of the best books centered on issues of racism and segregation.To Kill a Mockingbird represents the major theme of coexistence of good and evil but does so by enhancing the plot with gothic elements and underlying events that build tension and suspense.  For example, the fire that destroys Miss Maudie's house, the children's superstitions about Boo Radley, and the menacing night of the Halloween party seem to be out of place in the normally quiet, predictable Maycomb. These elements create tension in the novel and serve to foreshadow the troublesome events of the major conflict- the trial of Tom Robinson and its aftermath.The title of the book itself has very little literal connection to the plot, but it carries a symbolic meaning in the book. In this story, innocence, or ""the mockingbird"" is destroyed by evil. Thus, to kill a mockingbird is to destroy innocence. Throughout the book, a number of characters: Jem, Tom Robinson, Dill, Boo Radley, can be identified as mockingbirds. In saving Jem and Scout from Bob Ewell, Boo proves the ultimate symbol of good.At the beginning of the book, Boo is merely a source of childhood superstition. As he leaves Jem and Scout presents and repairs Jem's pants, he becomes gradually real to them. At the end of the novel, he becomes fully human to Scout upon saving her, illustrating that she has developed into a sympathetic and more mature individual. Even though she lost her innocence, she is now more understanding of her father's moral law that made him stand firm to his beliefs in the midst of raging storms of criticism from society for taking the case of Tom Robinson- a Black man falsely accused of raping a white girl.With the main conflict of Robinson's trial foiled by the mysterious story of Boo Radely, the reader can't help but to sympathize with the characters and feel a sense of familiarity with the town of Maycomb."
"I cannot recommend this highly enough. I listened to it in my car, and on more than one occasion, I would sit there listening even after arriving at my destination. It is that good. Listening to it made me want to read the book again."
"I already love this book.  Now I love it even more on audio as narrated by Sissy Spacek.  Check out this audio version, it is stellar!  Perfect production, I couldn't ask for anything more."
"This is one of the few books in my life that I treasure deeply. I have read it at least a dozen times. I am an avid reader and always have my next book lined up while I'm reading my current book (or books). A trainer at my gym, who always sees me reading, recently asked me if I had a favorite book and whithout hesitation I told him it was ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" I bought this copy for him and told him to pay it forward. I hope he sees the beauty in it. If you are considering reading this book for the first time, PLEASE do not hesitate. You will not be disappointed. It will fill your heart and it will stay with you the rest of your life.Peace"
"This audiobook production of To Kill a Mockingbird is phenomenal.  Spacek delivers a perfect audio performance.  She is such a skilled actor and provides a realistic and touching narration.  Her Southern accents are appropriate, believable, and add to the book's depth of feeling.  It is hard to imagine a better performance - one well deserving of this Pulitzer Prize winning book.  High School students studying this book for school may appreciate having an audiobook option for listening to this work.  Listeners of any age will feel right in the middle of this emotional, social drama."
"I loved this coming-of-age story set in Maycomb, Alabama that takes place during a two-year period in the 1930s. The narrator and main character, Jean Louis ""Scout"" Finch, enters first grade and her brother Jeremy ""Jem"" fourth, at its outset. Their father, widower and attorney-at-law Atticus Finch, is assigned to defend a black man accused of raping a white teenager who comes from a poor, motherless, family ""led"" by an abusive, neglectful, racist father. Kids can be cruel, and as the Finch children soon learn, their classmates, oftentimes following their parents' lead, tease them mercilessly about their father's willingness to take on the case. An assortment of well-developed characters, both friends and foes of the Finches, round out the cast, including their young friend Charles ""Dill"" Thomas (the relative of a neighbor) and the secret but significant younger son of a neighbor, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, who is said to have stabbed one of his parents with a knife one day (a scenario reenacted repeatedly by the three children). Although the dialogue includes (perhaps a dozen instances of the) use of the ""n"" word, it's the means to an end. The overlying theme of To Kill a Mockingbird is that no matter what the consequences, racism must not be tolerated. Perfectly plotted and filled with well-developed characters every one, this meaningful-messaged story is one of my all-time favorite classics. Also good: In Cold Blood by Truman Capote, Great Expectations by Charles Dickens, and The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara."
Product in excellent shape and was shipped faster than I had expected.  Great service!
"Matthew Razi1/12/2009English 1 honorsSchottler's class P4TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a classic book that everyone should try to read this book.  The book is riddled with details of everything from the people to their scenery.  I would give it a five out of five star review.  This book was so popular with people that they actually made a movie about it, which is also a classic.  Besides the great story it tells TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is also unique.  This book was the only book that the author, Harper Lee, ever wrote.  The synopsis of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is about a southern lawyer, in Alabama in a sleepy little town called Maycomb during The Great Depression, who teaches his kids right from wrong and about how wrong it is to segregrate people and shows his kids firsthand through a trial about a black man who is on trial for rape.  The story takes place through the eyes of the youngest of the children who is called Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch.  TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a captivating tale that ""takes readers to the roots of human behavior-to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, love and hatred, humor and pathos.""  This book has sold over eighteen million copies in print and also has been translated into ten languages and today it is considered ""a masterpiece of American Literature."""
"I decided to revisit this timeless classic since I hadn't read it since high school and hardly remembered it, which made me feel like I was missing out on something.  The whole novel was entirely fresh to me and I was swept away once I got into it (and got past some of the southern language, accented speech and Ebonics).  Mostly, I was enamored with Atticus Finch.  His demeanor and sensibilities were remarkable under the circumstances and I admired the way he handled his relationships with his children.  I also enjoyed watching Scout and Jem mature over the course of the years.  It is no wonder the themes and characters have remained a staple in American literature for the last 50 years.  The courtroom scene is riveting, the racial commentary poignant, the perspective priceless.  Everyone should read this at least once in their lives if only to savor the richness and depth of Harper Lee's brilliance."
"To KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was one of my favorite books to teach when I taught high school English.  Its strong characters, gripping dialogue, and powerful messages mesmerize its readers. I used to think it was a book that every student should be required to read before he or she graduates from high school. I have since changed my thinking; instead, I now strongly feel that every human being needs to read it before he or she dies. Read this book; better yet, read it with someone and talk about it as you immerse yourself deeper and deeper.  When you finish, you will be a stronger person and the lessons you learn will benefit you and those around you. Trust me, put this on your ""Must Read Before I Die"" list."
"This book, by Harper Lee is a true classic. Every character, every scenario is perfectly written. It's touching and heartbreaking at times, but the book ends on a note of hope.  Even secondary characters have an unique personality, from Calpurnia, to the Cunningham's.  Atticus Finch is truly a great lawyer, fair and just-which is proven at the end, when he doesn't want his own son, Jem, to have unfair protection against the law. He doesn't quite care about others opinions, and is able to see the bad of the world but still believe in it all the same.This book represents the loss of innocence, shows racism, and depicts cruelty, all from a young, still innocent girl. This is truly a great book, and anyone who has not read it is missing out."
This was a birthday gift for my mother and it's become her favourite audio book. She leaves it playing as she works and never tires of it. An excellent gift.
"I read this book while recovering from surgery.  I loved it immediatly.  It's an amazing story and the main character, Scout Finch, is incredible.  I even named my kitten after her :).  For those of you skeptical about reading this book (some of the many reasons why I decided to read this book had to do with negative feedback about it), I hope this will clarify its contraversial content.The concept of rape in this story is necessary, given that it takes place in the south during times of racial injustice.  Not many people see past the crime and ignore the purpose it serves in the story. The point of this story doesn't have much to do with rape, but the prejudice that comes with the accusation.Another strong point in the story is towards the end, Scout questions her teacher when she condemns Hitler for the Holocaust, but at the same time discriminates against African-Americans.  Harper Lee, I believe, put that in there to point out the hypocrasy of racists.This is a must read and I'd recommend it to everyone.  It immediatly became my favorite book and I hope you consider reading it too."
"Her voices for the various characters and her southern accent are enchanting.  She was a pleasure to listen to.  The story is told by Scout, the daughter of Atticus, an attorney defending a black man accused of rape.  The story illustrates the ugliness of racial inequalities in the South which hurts.  But it also shows human goodness with a decent ending.DATA:Story length: 12.3 hours.  Language: offensive racial slurs.  Setting: Maycomb, Alabama, prior to 1960.  Copyright: 1960.  Genre: human relationships fiction and race relations."
"This book captivates the mind with its wonderful adventures and adorable characters. Seeing the world through the eyes of an eight year old may sound dumb, and not a great way to spend you time. On the contrary, the memories that you had as a chold growing up emerge from a long sleep and you start to remember your adventure. Remember the haunted mansion down the street? the old man who murdered his wife? Well, this story talks about those stories, and more. It talks about matters that even most adults don't approach in the modern world. The setting is in the depths of the Great Depression, and it takes place in little Maycomb County, Alabama. The story weaves in and out of race, caste systems, and everyday life alongside fun in an ""in-depth"" story. This book has much more depth than when first read. Many chapters that seem random aren't that strange for they all have a meaning. I personally loved this book. I read it at school and it brought so much fun while reading it. It also brought the thrill of watching a trial through the eyes of a child. We as the readers are made to think in this book, but not so much that it's hard. Because our lives have progressed so much we see that her world is very different from ours right now. But similarities are still there. A couple of chapters in this book represent how even though something looks like it has been uprooted from our world (ex: racism), to get it to go away, you have to dig it up from it's roots. One major theme in this story is Roots and History. It even has a little tale of puppy love! (Remember those first crushes?). I realize that I make it sound bad, but that is because in class we do tend to overthink everything. That's why if you're an intellectual reader or just someone who likes books or to pass time, no matter what genre you like, this book will appeal to you. Buy this book or borrow it from a library or a friend and read it, because it will touch your heart as a great book and warm your heart as a human being. The movie though... Well, that's another story."
"If you haven't read this book yet, stop whatever it is that you're doing, go immediately to a book store, and pick this up.  To Kill a Mockingbird is among the best books I've ever read.For those that haven't read this, or haven't seen the film version with Gregory Peck, which is also outstanding, To Kill a Mockingbird is about the Finch family.  Atticus Finch is a lawyer and widower in a small Alabama town during the Great Depression.  He has two children:  Jem, an 11-year old boy, and Scout, an 8-year old girl.  Their lives are turned upside down when Atticus is appointed to represent Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman.  The story is told from Scout's perspective.While the story is framed around social and racial issues in the South, it's really about much more than that:  primarily, it's a story about growing up.  The Robinson case makes the transitions that Jem and Scout go through much more dramatic, but they experience the same kind of wonder and confusion that all of us experience as we move from childhood to young adulthood.Atticus is exactly the kind of person we aspire to be:  honest, caring, understanding, moral, and unflappable.  You sort of get the impression of Atticus as the last righteous man.  Atticus lives his philosophy:  ""The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience"" (p. 120).  In short, Atticus is the emodiment of human dignity--not just for himself, but for others too.  If you aren't moved by his closing argument in the Robinson trial, you may be in a coma.I thought it was odd, and somewhat revealing hearing the kids, especially Scout, describe their father:  ""Atticus was feeble:  he was nearly fifty.  When Jem and I asked him why he was so old, he said he got started late, which we felt reflected upon his abilities and manliness....Our father didn't do anything.  He worked in an office, not in a drugstore.  Atticus didn't drive a dump truck for the county, he was not the sheriff, he did not farm, work in a garage, or do anything that could possibly arouse the admiration of anyone.""  Ouch.  But this is Scout with a child's perspective; her growing maturity changes the way both she and Jem see their father.Harper Lee never wrote another novel; she grew up with and remained a close friend of Truman Capote's until his death.  Harper Lee and Gregory Peck also remained close friends until his demise; Peck's grandson was named Harper in her honor.To Kill a Mockingbird won the Pulitzer Prize for a reason:  it's a masterpiece.  Its warmth, compassion, comedy, and tragedy are rendered with such humanity that it honestly blew me away.  I can't recommend it enough.  Read it today."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is regarded as a time-honoured classic for its moral message of equality and preventing the innocent from being corrupted. Harper Lee does this very well, displaying how a small, rural town thought to be the perfect symbol of purity and excellence can, in a matter of days, turn into the epitome of a scum-filled town consisting of hypocrites. Now, although she writes a very good novel, the some of the characters she uses to do this are not great representations of her almost perfect novel. Mr. Bob Ewell is one example that ruins the believability and the ability to enjoy the novel. But, Lee's great story, main characters and timeless message prove this book to be one of the greats of the Twentieth Century. The novel To Kill A Mockingbird is thought of as one of the best modern novels about racism and purity. Harper Lee certainly holds the problems of the society during the Nineteen Thirties and the Great Depression up to the metaphoric light and exposes the deep-seeded racism. In her novel, Harper Lee describes her focus town, Maycomb, Alabama, as ""... an old town, but it was a tired old town when I first knew it. In rainy weather the streets turned to red slop . . . [s]omehow it was hotter then . . . bony mules hitched to Hoover carts flicked flies in the sweltering shade of the live oaks on the square. Men's stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning. Ladies bathed before noon, after their three-o'clock naps, and by nightfall were like soft teacakes with frostings of sweat and sweet talcum. . . . There was no hurry, for there was nowhere to go, nothing to buy and no money to buy it with, nothing to see outside the boundaries of Maycomb County. But it was a time of vague optimism for some of the people: Maycomb County had recently been told that it had nothing to fear but fear itself."" In this description, she shows the slow moving pace of her hot, little rural town. But underneath this fictional, almost typical, `Thirties town lies a deep, dark secret: a prevalent feeling of racism. Minus select people, most of the townspeople have an feeling superiority over the common African-American citizens. According to Jean Louise (A.K.A. Scout), the novel's protagonist, ""I heard...[Miss Gates, a citizen of Maycomb] say it's time somebody taught `em a lesson, they were gettin' way above themselves, an' the next thing they think they can do is marry us."" Throughout the novel, signs of racism appear and whittle down to a court case in which a obviously innocent African-American is accused and convicted of raping a white woman, a charge that eventually leads to his death. Maycomb's ugly racism, as shown by actions and words from minor characters,  portrays the extremely racist society of the Nineteen Thirties. Harper Lee also took the metaphor of the title of her book, To Kill A Mockingbird, and used it as a common theme throughout her novel. Jean Louise learns this when she states, ""`Remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.'"" That was the only time I ever heard Atticus say it was a sin to do something, and I asked Miss Maudie about it. `Your father's right,' she said. `Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy . . . but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.'"" This action, the killing of a mockingbird, is metaphoric for the loss of innocence due to another's actions. During the length of her novel, this theme appears many times. This goes from the very small, the killing of a ""Roly-Poly"" [Armadillidium], to a larger scale of a man's innocence, such as the death of the accused African-American rapist and the almost exposure of a legend-filled recluse on the outskirts who preforms a heroic deed. This theme is one of the most major and important in the novel. On the polar opposite end of the greatest characters in this novel, Mr. Bob Ewell is the stain on the face of Maycomb that not even the citizens like. Comparatively, Ewell is just a more radical form of the common citizen: über-racist and more uneducated than all the rest. In this novel, Bob Ewell is shown as a despicable character, cheating the Government out of relief checks during the Great Depression, harassing the local African-Americans and even going as far as to convince his daughter to accuse one of them of rape to cover up Bob's beating. His terrible demeanor is most clearly seen through his final act, to attempt to harm the Finch children. His ability to mentally handle the harassment of innocent victims proves that he is a horrible individual. But, in her attempt to personify Mr. Ewell, Harper Lee overdoes it quite a bit. His over-the-top actions and his coldheartedness are a little too stressed in her novel, and distracts the reader from the main plot of the novel by introducing him in little, completely meaningless, subplots. He takes away from the ability to enjoy the novel knowing that around the corner comes another Ewell escapade which will obviously not end in his favor. If altered a bit, his character could help the book's progression instead of taking away from it. When looked at as a whole, Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a brilliant work of historical fiction that has the ability to greatly alter the life of almost any reader. Her themes and morals shine through in this novel and expose the bad qualities of life during the Great Depression. Although some of her characters take away from the premise of the novel, they do not block out the strength of her message that will ring true throughout time."
"It is perhaps appropriate that this was the first book I read after the election of America's first black President. My real reason for re-reading it, however, was for the purposes of comparison with Faulkner's ""Intruder in the Dust"", which deals with a similar theme. Indeed, I recently came across an allegation that Harper Lee's novel was essentially a plagiarism of Faulkner's.The book is set in Maycomb County, Alabama, during the depression era of the 1930s. It is a first-person narrative told through the eyes of Jean Louise Finch who, for some reason, goes by the nickname Scout. Although she is only a child at the time of the events described, the narrative voice is that of the adult Jean Louise looking back at her childhood from some point in the future. The action of ""Intruder in the Dust"" is set over a few days and tells the story of one single incident, the murder of Vinson Gowrie; ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is set over a period of about two years and essentially tells the story of Jean Louise's childhood between the ages of six and eight, although it concentrates on one crucial incident. The main characters, apart from Jean Louise herself, are her brother Jem and their friend Dill (another unexplained nickname; his real name is Charles).Jean Louise and Jem are the children of Atticus Finch, a widowed lawyer. The book's central incident is the trial of a black man, Tom Robinson, for the alleged rape of a white woman, Mayella Ewell; Atticus is Robinson's defence attorney. Like Faulkner, Lee uses a classic thriller plot- the fight to prove the innocence of a man wrongly accused- to explore racism in America's Deep South. Although Robinson is clearly innocent of the charge, the all-white jury nevertheless vote to convict him, largely because to admit that a white woman, even one as sluttish as Mayella, was capable of making false accusations would force them to abandon their cherished ideas about the purity of Southern womanhood.Harper Lee's concerns are wider than just the race issue. The book also has a lot to say about attitudes to social class among the white community, contrasting affluent middle-class families like the Finches with the likes of the Ewells, who can quite literally be classified as poor white trash. The family live in a shack next to the town's rubbish dump, where Mayella's father Bob earns his living as a scavenger. A favourite saying of the liberal, tolerant Atticus, who believes that most people, when you get to know them, are essentially kind, is that you should never judge a man until you have stood in his shoes and walked around in them. (At times the tone seemed quite preachy, as though Harper Lee were writing an extended sermon on tolerance).Atticus applies this principle of non-judgementalism not only to racial issues but also to various acquaintances whom his children dislike or disapprove of for one reason or another. He applies it to Boo Radley, a simple-minded and reclusive, but inwardly kindly, neighbour, to the cantankerous old Mrs Dubose and to the Cunninghams, another poor white family but one who have retained a greater dignity and self-respect than the Ewells. The title of the book refers to a saying of Atticus that it is a sin to kill a mockingbird because they never do any harm, but it is a phrase which also refers to his philosophy of life. At various times several characters in the book- Robinson, Boo Radley, the children- can be seen as ""mockingbirds"", harmless creatures in need of protection.One problem with the book is that Lee never really explores the tension between Atticus's liberal philosophy of life, and the problem of human evil as exemplified in the book by Bob Ewell, who is neither misjudged nor misunderstood but just plain wicked. Not only does he give perjured evidence in the hope of getting an innocent man sent to the gallows, and encourages his daughter to do the same, he also makes a vicious and cowardly attack on Atticus's children. Trying to stand in such a man's shoes would not, I feel, be a very productive exercise.My other criticism of the book would be that it explores the question of racism from an exclusively white perspective, albeit a liberal one. For a number of reasons I think that ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a better book than ""Intruder in the Dust"", the most important being that Harper Lee's prose style is much more fluent and readable than Faulkner's often impenetrable sentences. Nevertheless, Faulkner creates, in Lucas Beauchamp, a black character who is much more well-rounded than any of those in Lee's book. Tom Robinson is little more than a plot device; the most prominent black character is Calpurnia, the Finch family's maid, who is that common literary stereotype, the faithful black servant. The book would have been better if Lee had given us a black perspective on the events she describes.Those criticisms apart, I found this an excellent book, with a number vividly drawn characters, especially the spirited, loveable young Jean Louise and her father, who was memorably played by Gregory Peck in the brilliant film adaptation. Despite the limitations of his world view Atticus is an admirable character, who shows, in his defence of Robinson, not only great moral courage but also great physical courage as well. The immense improvement which has taken place in race relations in America since 1960 is owed, in part, to men like Atticus Finch, and also to women like Harper Lee who were prepared to confront the endemic racist attitudes of their society."
"... mainly because it is such a good story and so well written. Come to think of it, not much of this book is really about the rape and crime. It is about childhood, growing up and growing prejudice. It is about not only racism but also feminism. Scout, the main character, has such a lovely personality and I really started to like her. It was almost like I knew her and parts of me fell in love with Jem, her brother. I found parts of the slang a bit hard to read and it took a good 100 pages before the story had me that intrigued that I couldn't put it down. Sometimes you read a book and you really do realize why some books last with us and literature forever and why some don't. This book deals with human joy and suffering, ideals and rebels, crime and punishment and of course of race and sad part of the history of the south.Even though this book was so good (or maybe because this book was so good) I thought it was very tough to get through. I read five pages then I had to just take a breather. But after 100pages I really found it hard to put the book down. I do think, however, that it will benefit from a second reading. Therefore it will not be long until I follow the adventures of Scout and Jem once again."
"OK, everyone under the sun has reviewed To Kill A Mockingbird; why do I feel like reviewing it?I just re-read this after reading it once when I was in middle school, many moons ago (I'm in my 40s).  I could not put this book down.  What a superb and satisfying novel.  It's amazing how compelling and universal a tale that Lee spun with just a pretty simple, basic, and down-to-earth set of small town characters.  As noted, I read this when I was in middle school and I remember enjoying it more than almost any other assigned book I had read.  I'm amazed at how great it is, from the perspective of a mature adult with diverse life experiences, much travel, and my own children.  This edition is a nicely turned-out hardback that I borrowed from my Mom.  A nice edition to hold and read.  No typos; just a very few, very minor printing flaws.This novel richly deserves the acclaim, good reviews, and the Pulitzer it won.  I've enjoyed VERY MUCH every Pulitzer Prize winner I've read, both fiction and non-fiction.  They don't give those prizes out for nothing!Highly recommended.  Enjoy."
"I've always heard really good things about the book, To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. The first time I tried to read it I had to put it down because I got really confused at the beginning. However, I tried it again later on and I realized what a good book I had put down. For me it was still a little confusing at the beginning because the setting and characters were being introduced. It was also kind of boring, and that's another reason I didn't continue it the first time. You have to keep reading though because it gets much better. The story is about a brother and sister, Jem and Scout (Jean Louise Finch), growing up in a small town with their dad, Atticus. Throughout the book, they experience a number of exciting adventures. At the beginning, the story focuses on a neighbor down the street who appears to be very strange and never comes out of his house. In other words, he's a recluse. Jem and Scout, along with another friend Dill, are very curious as to why this is. They do some exploring and investigating that might just have you biting your nails. As the book moves on, it only makes you want to read more. Atticus is a lawyer and is involved with a very important case that keeps you on the edge of your seat. It's really interesting and gives you a chance to make predictions to yourself on who should win the case. In a way, it gets you into the book and creates suspense that makes it exciting. Towards the end, there is an unusual twist that involves a Halloween party, a ham costume, and a walk through a very dark field at night. This book is extremely well written and shows the innocence of childhood. I recommend it to anyone who likes classics and is in the mood for a very good read."
"Funny thing when my daughter requested this book she kept saying Tequila Mockingbird.  Other than that, we received this on time and everything was great, it looks brand new and it was here when she needed it.  Actually a week before."
"I skipped reading this in high school, but I have recently decided to go back and read all of the books I should have already read. This was awesome. I don't think I would have fully understood it ten years ago. Truly eye-opening."
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a book filled with mysteries, an engaging plot, and fascinating characters.  I just read this book for a summer reading project and it captured my interest.  The book starts out fairly slow but speeds up in a couple of chapters.  When it gets going it will be hard to put this book down.  The father, Atticus Finch, is a man who is shrouded in mystery.  In every few chapters you found out a new strange secret about him.  His children, Scout and Jem, are no less interesting.  They constantly explore the small town they live in and encounter many adventures such as making many attempts to discover who lives in a rundown and abandoned house that is rumored to contain a crazy man.  I particularly appreciated the plot of the story. It was constantly changing as you uncovered mysteries and horrifying truths.  The book never disappointed.  In addition to entertaining a wide variety of readers this book is filled with many morales.  It illustrates many issues that include racism and crime.  It talks about human nature and how we must treat each other better.  At the end of the book there is a big trial that is thrilling and suspenseful.  It is the point that the book has worked up to.  After the trial there are a couple of big twists that I will not give away for they are most surprising.  I am talking about this to show that the book is exciting to the very last page.  It will leave you with a lot to think about.  If you enjoy intricate and suspenseful books I highly recommend that you read ""To Kill A Mockingbird""."
I have loved this story since I was very young.....I am proud to own it...
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"", was a book that was required of me to read for school. I did not think that I would enjoy the book, but as I read more and more I just couldn't stop reading it.  I would have to say the my favorite thing about the whole book is how Jem, Scout, and Dill are so curious about Boo Radley and think that he is this horrible monster of a person but really he ended up saving one of there lives and also kept Scout warm with the blanket he gave her when their neighbors house caught on fire.  I would recommend ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" to anyone I know...that is if they haven't all ready read it."
This book has to be among the best in human history.  Flawlessly written from the perspective of a child and full of wisdom.  Everyone should read this book.
"Pretty darn boring, if it wasn't required to read in English i would've burned it. This type of book isnt for everyone."
"I'm usually concerned about purchasing items on line, especially books.  I can honestly say that this experience was worth it.  I would recommend this seller to anyone interested in purchasing good quality books at extremely reasonable prices.Buy with confidence, I did!"
"I love this book and a close second is ""Ox-Bow Incident"" I read them both regularly. I spent more to have this edition. It is well worth it."
One of my favourite books of all time. I have re-read it at least 10 times!
"I never received this book. Today is July 20,2008. It was ordered back in June."
"The New York Times feels that over the last twenty-five years the most influential book has been Toni Morrison's Beloved, over the last fifty years perhaps Ann Ryands Atlas Shrugged  or Harper Lee's To Kill a Mocking Bird.  First of the 5-6 different editions available to read on Amazon  provide the best print and paper so its easy to physically read and wears well so it will last the test of time.  This latter point is important for those who wish our young children to read the books of your own library.  I have only recently read this Pulitzer prize winning novel and was pleasantly surprised. It  a story of two young children (Scout and Jem) of the local towns best lawyer (Atticus Finney).  The novels story unveils itself with typical young children events the next door neighbors who never comes out of his home and perhaps the highlight is when the children notice the town dog acting like he has rabies and although beloved to the town they know he needs to be contained.  Then Atticus a benevolent educated family man who in his younger years was the best marksman in the county shots down the town well loved dog and then bury's him.  The plot continues with a African American with a deformed left arm is accused of raping a poor white young lady by her father.  A trial unfolds were the blacks are segregated from the white in the stands of the courtroom.  There are a few stories dramatically emphasizing the unjust discrimination that Blacks experienced during the mid Depression years (story takes place in 1935).  He is found guilty and then the story takes off with the juxtapositioning Good and Bad and the payment of the evil things we do in life, how they can suddenly right themselves.  It is a short masterpiece some 319 pages perfect for young children in 4th or 5 th grade.  ""You can shoot all the Blue Jays you want but remember its a sin to kill a Mocking Bird"" is the famous quote from the novel."
"I love this story. The first I read this was in 8th grade. Years later, I read it again and it still moved me. A wonderful book written by a wonderful author. This is one of those stories that make you think and move you. It is so much more than it seems."
it was all great the shipping was fast the price was just right loved it
"I bought from this book after I watched the movie. I haven't finished the book yet,but it is really a great book to read. Strongly recommend!"
"This is a book which should change your life. Of course it is an outstanding American story; more, it is a study of American character--exceptional and inhuman. You will, if you read carefully, be forced to reckon you are more like a Finch or more like a Ewell. And, after that reckoning, you will different forever.I'm sorry I read this so late in my life. (I would have accomplished more by following the example of Atticus.) But for the remainder of my days, I pledge allegiance to Atticus Finch. His example is that important, that just, that right.Require yourself to read it; require those you can influence to read it. About the time this book was published, an important black man said: If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the problem. I don't believe this is overstatement in these troubled times in America. If you don't read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" you are part of the problem. And, if you don't end up being--or striving to be--more like Atticus Finch, you are part of the problem."
"Quite simply, one of the top three American novels of the 20th century. If not the best."
This book is a classic.  It was required reading for my fifteen year old daughter and she loved it.
Few characters in all of literature are as captivating as Scout.Read it just so you can know her.
"You know what, I was about to put that book down and stop reading it.  I heard so many people telling what a good book/movie it was so I was curious to find out why.The first half of the book was really dragging and sometimes seemed irrelevant and boring, but it totally turned around starting at chapter 17 (I know, a loooong way to go, but don't give up).  I was amazed at how well it ended, though.I only give it 3 stars because of the slow-moving development of the plot.  However, I still think it's worth reading."
"I honestly have no idea how many times I have read this book. I read it first as an assignment in the eighth grade; most recently, at the age of 41, I read it aloud to three of my children. As with the more recent readings that I recall, I choked up a bit at the end as Scout is experiencing the tragedy and love that surrounds her in the form of her conservatively eccentric father, her mythically reclusive neighbor, and the whole Depression-era, post-Reconstruction sugary gothic Alabama town of her home.There seems so little to add in reviewing this book. I will say that even as I read it I ponder the strength of its charm. What is it that is so powerful? Scout is herself quite endearing, although even a casual reading should tell the reader that the first-person voice that is speaking is not the voice of the eight-year old Scout; Harper Lee somehow conveys a tone that retains the childlike innocence of Scout (the child), but the story told is mature and the vocabulary is college-educated. So is this Scout (or Jean Louise Finch) as an adult? I don't think so, as there is very little biographical/autobiographical information provided beyond the timeline of the story (e.g, did Scout grow up and marry?; what happened to Scout's mother?; does everyone live happily ever after?).I read once that Harper Lee considered this to be a simple love story, or something like that. I've wondered who she was thinking about: Atticus and his kids, or Boo Radley and the kids, or some other pairing. I guess it is all of the above. It's a simple story of relatively normal children with an independently thinking father who all live in the politely racist South of the 1930's. The circumstances that confront this family (racism of the lowest order and ugly poverty and dysfunction from the underbelly of society) are really not abnormal until the violent climax. Blood is shed; much blood. But it is all presented with a humanity and Southern nostalgia that draw us into a world - as ugly as it is - that makes us wish we were there, and that we could have changed a few things.Highly recommended, if you haven't read it yet."
"I honestly have no idea how many times I have read this book. I read it first as an assignment in the eighth grade; most recently, at the age of 41, I read it aloud to three of my children. As with the more recent readings that I recall, I choked up a bit at the end as Scout is experiencing the tragedy and love that surrounds her in the form of her conservatively eccentric father, her mythically reclusive neighbor, and the whole Depression-era, post-Reconstruction sugary gothic Alabama town of her home.There seems so little to add in reviewing this book. I will say that even as I read it I ponder the strength of its charm. What is it that is so powerful? Scout is herself quite endearing, although even a casual reading should tell the reader that the first-person voice that is speaking is not the voice of the eight-year old Scout; Harper Lee somehow conveys a tone that retains the childlike innocence of Scout (the child), but the story told is mature and the vocabulary is college-educated. So is this Scout (or Jean Louise Finch) as an adult? I don't think so, as there is very little biographical/autobiographical information provided beyond the timeline of the story (e.g, did Scout grow up and marry?; what happened to Scout's mother?; does everyone live happily ever after?).I read once that Harper Lee considered this to be a simple love story, or something like that. I've wondered who she was thinking about: Atticus and his kids, or Boo Radley and the kids, or some other pairing. I guess it is all of the above. It's a simple story of relatively normal children with an independently thinking father who all live in the politely racist South of the 1930's. The circumstances that confront this family (racism of the lowest order and ugly poverty and dysfunction from the underbelly of society) are really not abnormal until the violent climax. Blood is shed; much blood. But it is all presented with a humanity and Southern nostalgia that draw us into a world - as ugly as it is - that makes us wish we were there, and that we could have changed a few things.Highly recommended, if you haven't read it yet."
"I honestly have no idea how many times I have read this book.  I read it first as an assignment in the eighth grade; most recently, at the age of 41, I read it aloud to three of my children.  As with the more recent readings that I recall, I choked up a bit at the end as Scout is experiencing the tragedy and love that surrounds her in the form of her conservatively eccentric father, her mythically reclusive neighbor, and the whole Depression-era, post-Reconstruction sugary gothic Alabama town of her home.There seems so little to add in reviewing this book.  I will say that even as I read it I ponder the strength of its charm.  What is it that is so powerful?  Scout is herself quite endearing, although even a casual reading should tell the reader that the first-person voice that is speaking is not the voice of the eight-year old Scout; Harper Lee somehow conveys a tone that retains the childlike innocence of Scout (the child), but the story told is mature and the vocabulary is college-educated.  So is this Scout (or Jean Louise Finch) as an adult?  I don't think so, as there is very little biographical/autobiographical information provided beyond the timeline of the story (e.g, did Scout grow up and marry?; what happened to Scout's mother?; does everyone live happily ever after?).I read once that Harper Lee considered this to be a simple love story, or something like that.  I've wondered who she was thinking about: Atticus and his kids, or Boo Radley and the kids, or some other pairing.  I guess it is all of the above.  It's a simple story of relatively normal children with an independently thinking father who all live in the politely racist South of the 1930's.  The circumstances that confront this family (racism of the lowest order and ugly poverty and dysfunction from the underbelly of society) are really not abnormal until the violent climax.  Blood is shed; much blood.  But it is all presented with a humanity and Southern nostalgia that draw us into a world - as ugly as it is - that makes us wish we were there, and that we could have changed a few things.Highly recommended, if you haven't read it yet."
"I had never read this book before, but it is awesome! I really enjoyed it and would suggest it to anyone interested in a captivating read."
"This is my all time favorite book, wonderful on so many levels.  At the end I cried for the loss of the characters in my life.  Simply extraordinary."
Must have been the times in which it was first released because this book did nothing for me. I just don't get why people rave about this book. This is one of those rare cases where you should watch the movie and forget the book.
The novel is simply amazing! An amazing storyline to go along with a tremendous theme in human equality and rights. A must read for everyone who  grew up in the south....actually a must read for every American period!!
"Jean Louise Finch, better known as Scout, narrates this tale that covers roughly 2 years of her childhood starting from shortly before she started the 1st grade.  The story is a mixture of many elements including a mysterious neighbor named Boo Radley, various coming of age issues regarding Scout and her brother Jem, and her father, Atticus, defending a black man accused of raping a white woman.  As the story is set in Alabama in the 1930s, the rape case is particularly incendiary.To Kill a Mockingbird is such a classic piece of American literature that most people read it in high school.  I somehow missed that experience and curiosity prompted me to pick it up and give it a try.  While there were a few descriptions of rural southern life that ran on a bit long for my taste, the novel was well worth reading.  For sheer entertainment value, I enjoyed the Boo Radley subplot the most as it is both mildly suspenseful and immensely interesting.Of course, the novel is most famous for the rape trial and this is also compelling in a fairly horrifying and very sad way.  Harper Lee paints a vivid portrait of the extent to which African Americans were relegated to a status far below even second class in that place and time.  Atticus Finch does a masterful job of defending the accused, but he knows that the all-white jury has practically cast their votes before ever entering the courtyard.  The author uses the narrative voice of the children to highlight the blatant injustices and the outrage that any decent person would feel as a result.  The technique is highly effective if not exactly subtle.To Kill a Mockingbird is easy to recommend.  The story is interesting, the characters substantial, and the subject is still relevant today.  It's a shame that Harper Lee has not published a second novel but this single book is likely to ensure that her voice will continue to be heard fro many years to come."
"To keep it simple, To Kill a Mockingbird is more boring than watching people answer phones on PBS during pledge drives. The book's plot basically goes no where, and does not take any opportunities to make itself great. Instead, it takes the route of pure boredom, shallow characters, and an asinine plot that is so lame and so boring, a Lucky Charms commercial has a more compelling plot. I was barely able to keep myself awake during the time I read this book, and when I was able to stay awake, I was mostly spent that time imagining what else I could be doing with my time. God only knows how this book even is considered one of the greatest books ever, it's only a book of pure suckyness.WHAT IT'S ABOUT: The time is the 1930's, some years after The Great Depression. The story is told in a narrative by main character; Scout Finch; as she describes the racism and prejudice in her town somewhere in Alabama. Her father; Atticus Finch; is chosen to represent an African-American man accused of raping a girl named Violet Ewell. She talks about all of the experiences she, her brother Jem, and her father go through during this time in which racism was the norm and they receive much prejudice themselves. The main moral of the story is that if you kill a mockingbird, it's a sin and this book uses that moral to describe prejudice. How touching, too bad the book as a whole desecrates that moral with a horribly put together story. What ruins this book is the terrible dialogue, boring, shallow characters, a premise that goes no where, and much more. You can try and discredit my opinions all you want folks, you can't sway me. A lot of you already hate me for my review of the movie version, and basically looked at me as if I had just taken a leak on the Holy Grail (Hmm... maybe this explains why Bible verses were thrown at me). After my review of the movie I was basically called a racist, a swine, mentally ill, and unappreciative of art. I honestly laugh at how many people try to insult me and what they throw at me (Try and call me something I haven't already be referred to as). My opinion stays as it is, you can't hold it back. This book is worthless, asinine, a mockery of American literature, and completely boring... SO LET IT BE.THE GOOD: Some interesting moments.THE BAD: The rest of the book isn't interesting, the movie is better, but not by much."
Embrace The Light; a women's story through poetry to touch your heartThis book touched my heart. I highly reccommend it. A real classic. To foster peace and open the minds for others.
"This timeless novel by Harper Lee is a semi-autobiographical story about a girl named Scout Finch growing up in 1930's Alabama. When her father, Atticus, is assigned to defend a black man on trial for rape, Scout must learn to keep her head high in spite of the taunting and threats of a town gone ""stark raving mad"". Scout's brother, Jem, represents adolescence and its uncertainty, while her friend, Dill, provides a more naïve and straightforward point-of-view; with Scout's tenacity they form a balanced perspective on the discord that surrounds them. Their distant communication and friendship with the hermit Boo Radley teaches Scout that people are not always who they appear to be.The first-person narration by Scout as an adult is effective in making the reader feel like he or she has truly lived the story, and in allowing adults, as well as kids, to relate to the theme of growing up while facing adversity.  Atticus, truly the model father, shows through example the values of courage, honesty, and respect. The different ways that Scout, Jem, and Dill, respond to the injustices they witness allow for great insight into the human character. To Kill a Mockingbird is known as a high-school staple for its message of courage and tolerance, but readers of all ages have been and will continue to be impacted by this poignant narrative."
"This is a review of the movie version of this book which, except for a little confusion about who killed whom at the end (Boo or not), is fairly faithful to the spirit of the book. The main points apply here as well.This film is an excellent black and white adaptation of Harper Lee's book of the same name. The acting, particularly by Gregory Peck (and a cameo by a young Robert Duval as Boo Radley), brings out all the pathos, bathos and grit of small town Southern life in the 1930's. The story itself is an unusual combination, narrated by Peck's film daughter (and presumably Lee herself), of a stage of the coming of age story that we are fairly familiar with and the question of race and sex in the Deep South (and not only there) with which we were (at the time of the film's debut in 1962) only vaguely familiar. That dramatic tension, muted as it was by the cinematic and social conventions of the time, nevertheless made a strong statement about the underlying tensions of this society at a time when the Southern black civil rights struggle movement was coming in focus in the national consciousness.The name Atticus Finch (Peck's role) as the liberal (for that southern locale) lawyer committed to the rule of law had a certain currency in the 1960's as a symbol for those southern whites who saw that Jim Crow had to go. Here Finch is the appointed lawyer for a black man accused of raping a white women of low origin- the classic `white trash' depicted in many a film and novel. Finch earnestly, no, passionately in his understated manner, attempts to defend this man, a brave act in itself under the circumstances.Needless to say an all white jury of that black man's `peers' nevertheless convicts him out of hand. In the end the black man tries to escape and is killed in the process. In an earlier scenario Finch is pressed into guard duty at the jailhouse in order to head off a posse of `white trash' elements who are bend on doing `justice' their way- hanging him from a lynching tree. On a mere false accusation of a white woman this black man is doomed whichever way he turns. Sound familiar?The other part of the story concerns the reactions by Finch's motherless son and tomboyish daughter to the realities of social life, Southern style. That part is in some ways, particularly when the children watch the trial from the ""Negro"" balcony section of the courtroom, the least successful of the film. What is entirely believable and gives some relief from the travesty that is unfolding are the pranks, pitfalls and antics of the kids. The tensions between brother and sister, the protective role of the older brother, the attempt by the sister to assert her own identity, the sense of adventure and mystery of what lies beyond the immediate household that is the hallmark of youth all get a work out here. But in the end it is the quiet dignity of solid old Atticus and the bewildered dignity of a doomed black man that hold this whole thing together. Bravo Peck. Kudos to Harper Lee."
"When you're a white lawyer living in Maycomb county, Alabama its tough enough. But for a 50-year-old Atticus Finch it's even rougher. He has two kids, Jem and Scout who are in 7th and 2nd grade. As a lawyer, Atticus can be assigned to any case by a judge. Unfortunately when he is assigned to a black man's case, it all goes downhill. Atticus being the passive man that he is, I believe he accepted the case because he truly wanted it. The problem for Atticus was his kids and the people around him. Jem, who's a football star and very smart, always is defending his father. He is also good at looking after Scout and keeping her out of trouble. Scout, who is the main character in the story, is adventurous and likes to experiment with different things. Dill is Jem and Scout's friend that comes over every summer to fool around. Heck Tate is the sheriff of Maycomb County who keeps Atticus out of harm's way often. Boo Radley is a man who stays locked up in his house all day and swears to shoot any living thing that sets foot on his property. Mr. Bob Ewell testifies in the major court case that Atticus is involved in and ends up causing many problems for the Finch family. Tom Robinson is the black man that is accused of rape of Mr. Bob Ewell's daughter and is defended by Atticus. Finally there is Calpurnia (Cal for short) who is a black maid and helper in the Finch household. I think the plotline was outstanding in this book with the way that it flowed. Every time a problem was solved, another one would come up. This use of a plotline kept me interested throughout the entire book. Also every character good or bad, changed in a way through the path of the story which definitely made things more interesting. When Tom Robinson is ruled upon unfairly, bad things begin to happen. However, all of these things connect directly back to Atticus. Although problems keep happening to Atticus, he ignores them or tries to find the positive side of things. I liked this because he did not act out of anger. One thing that I did not like about the book was the things that seemed to have nothing to do with the final outcome of the book. This made it seem slow moving and boring at times. Overall I give this book a rating of 8 out of 10. What will be Tom Robinson's final fate be? More importantly what will Atticus' final fate be? Read to find out."
"I purchased this for my long weekend commute, and have foundlistenting very relaxing.  I received the CD's quickly andin great condition. I don't think there could have been abetter choice to narrate this book than Sissy Spacek, sheis wonderful."
"The beginning of the book disappointed me a little, for I had heard so many good things about it, and the plot seemed all over the place and confusing. Also, I found that the dialect in the book was filled with slang, but the narrator used elegant language and the two contradicted each other. As the narrator, Scout, and her brother, Jem, go through their lives in Maycomb County, the plot thickens with a court case accusing a black man of rape, and the county's expectations. The ending was really great, and by the middle I was quite happy with the book and I loved the personality of the little county and all the wonderful characters. I would recommend this book, but advise the reader to keep reading even if the beginning starts slowly, and not judge the book by the first half."
"I ordered two hardback copies as Christmas gifts for my daughter and sister, both huge fans of this book.  I was pleased with everything about the book, the deckled edge makes it appealing, in my opinion."
"this book is a classic.  i did take the time to read the book, but it is a little slow in the beginning.  Otherwise, a classic."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)Harper Lee (Up Close)"
"Have not had a chance to read the book yet, but was recieved in excellent condition (wonderfully large print) and was recieved very quickly.Thank you...Happy Holidays!M - Woodland, CA"
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is my all time favorite book.  It is a treasure trove of life lessons that never grows stale.  I highly recommend this title for every reader, young and old."
"I was supposed to have read this book in Mrs. Braswell's tenth-grade American literature class sometime in my 1989-90 sophomore year.  Instead, I was imbibing fantasy novels by Raymond Feist and daydreaming about what life would be like with a driver's license.  Now, twenty years later, I'm fairly pleased with myself for putting off such great writing until my early-middle years when I'm far more capable of appreciating its quality and the depth of the moral tale Harper Lee has bestowed upon the world from her humble memories of childhood in Alabama.As Scout Finch puts it, I'm a ""person of no background"" (i.e., born and raised in north Alabama), but that doesn't mean I don't recognize the very common human elements faced by the small-town folks in Lee's novel.  The struggles are universal and, unfortunately, some are not eroded by time.I enjoyed the tale-spinning of the novel, it sucked me in.  The themes are still relevant.  I whole-heartedly recommend it to any audience.  There's a reason the classics survive."
I haven't read this book since I was in high school and that was over a decade ago. I love this book so much. I think this novel is a jewel to be part of the American Literature History. This novel is truly a gift to those who call themselves bookworms.
Buy it to cure your insomnia as it will certainly put you to sleep. It is one dead dull read. I fell for the media hype and borrowed a copy from someone...settled down with much anticipation only to find myself skipping pages in an attempt to be motivated enough to read it...after a few more pages I shelved it. Interestingly the person whom I borrowed it from has not found the will to read it either. people just like to appear educated and enlightened by claiming to like and understand certain books...this is one of them and a good party talking point...I will shock my audience by telling them it stunk!!
A good book but not as good as the movie.  The exact ending as to how the attacker was killed left too much doubt as to who actually was the killer--I don't think this was a good way to end the book. If Boo actually was the killer it should have been clearer to the reader instead of making the reader play a guessing game.
"One of the biggest daily challenges high school students face is the struggle to be accepted. As high school students reading Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird, we are reminded of the progressive thinking of the 1960s. Many of the lessons Atticus teaches Scout represent the values of this era. In the 60s, acceptance and love were upheld and the Civil Rights movement became apparent in everyday lives of Americans.In TKAM, Atticus addresses these morals, such as when Atticus advises Scout not to call African-Americans the n-word. Atticus explains that just because people are different doesn't mean that they should be shunned and disrespected. This is an ideal of the 60s, as shown by the progress of the Civil Rights Movement.Another of the 1960s values shown in Atticus' teachings is displayed when he says to Scout, ""You just hold your head high and keep those fists down."" The anti violence concept that Atticus preaches was prevalent in the 1960s culture. Many people advocated an anti-war stance which called for peace and unity over violence. We find that To Kill a Mockingbird manifests the ideals of the 1960s which are still valuable today.By Louise G, Greg S, Talia M, Gabe P, and Larisa A"
"Harper Lee's Pulitzer-prize winning novel, To Kill A Mockingbird, was published in 1960. The novel, set in 1930's Alabama, details the life of a young girl, Scout, and her older brother, Jem, as they encounter the prejudices of their small town. Their father, Atticus Finch, the town's lawyer, must defend a Negro male in a case that changes the Finch's lives forever. The book details Scout's period of self discovery & her exploration of ethics in a time of racial conflict in America's South. Scout, the narrator of the novel, is six at the beginning, but as she grows, so too does the novel's vocabulary. Words like ""stricture"" and ""slop"" turn into ""ex cathedro"" and ""morphodite"". The diction evolves in accordance with the development of the character changing to reflect shifting views & perspectives.  Although a great piece of literature, the novel does not contain similes or metaphors. This lack, however, does not detract from the literary experience, but rather adds to the book a refreshing element of honesty & innocence. A relatively new literary work, To Kill A Mockingbird is a masterpiece that will be enjoyed by adults, children and families for years to come.Reviewed by: K. Klavon, P. Friedman, J. Quinlan, L.K., Mike Dalbello,Max Holmes"
"Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a relief after the numerous tedious pieces of ""classic literature"" forced upon us by our county's curriculum. This book interlaces themes related to both adulthood and childhood which parallel the stage of our lives which we currently live.To Kill A Mockingbird centers around the lives of Scout and Jem Finch and their explorations of the facets of maturity. The two spend there summers with Dill, exploring their sleepy southern town and trying to coax Boo Radley out of his house. The siblings grow apart as the each begin their own transition from child to adult. Jem's changes manifest themselves in his habitual ""maddening superiority"", while Scout learns more about the intricacies of the more adult world. Their new found maturity is tested when Atticus takes on the job of defending Tom Robinson. Then they learn the true meaning of growing lies in making the right decision when faced with the wrong.This novel resonates with teenage readers in a way uncommon to many of the books imposed upon us in school. Everyone should read this timeless classic because it is more that just a classic. It is a catalog of life lessons imparted to the reader through a collection of memories."
"The great American classic, Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird, is a heart-warming and insightful re-telling of one spunky, curious girl growing up in the racially-divided and old-fashioned South. The main character, Scout, was constantly reprimanded by her relatives, for being too ""unladylike."" She breaks through these gender stereotypes by refusing to adhere to this expected persona of a Southern Belle. Ever her brother and friend engage in sexist jokes and banter, and exclude her from certain activities because of her gender. Despite her dealing with the constant insults to her person, Scout blossoms into an upstanding and determined woman, partially because of her father Atticus's moral teachings throughout her development.  This book is considered a classic for a reason. Not only does it contain beautiful writing and meaningful morals, but it also has an entertaining plot. The book appeals to twelve-year olds and forty year olds alike, with a sweet and humorous story. All different kinds of people, from the more ""involved"" Stephanie Crawford's to the sassy and opinionated Calpurnias, can enjoy this wonderful tale of growing up, learning new things, and breaking boundaries that has entertained a nation for over forty years.by ava, jenny w, lizzy, and rosalie."
"Harper Lee's literary masterpiece To Kill A Mockingbird portrays poverty during the Depression in an accurate yet somewhat negative light. The novel chronicles the childhood of Jem and Scout Finch, with their father Atticus, in the economically disadvantaged town of Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930s. The decade brought increased financial hardships to much of America's muddle-class as racial tensions escalated in a nation struggling to achieve equality.Although the majorirty of Maycomb residents faced a certain degree of poverty, Lee highlights extremely impoverished families such as the Ewells and Cunninghams. In a truthful rendition of the sacrifices many had to endure, Lee describes Walter Cunningham's lack of food. ""He had no [lunch] today no would he have any tomorrow oe rhe next day,"" Lee writes and, ""He had probably never seen the quarters together...""Mockingbird also displays the respect and generosity with which most tried to lead their lives, despire the poverty all around the,. When Scout invites young Walter over for lunch, Calpurnia, the Finches' housekeeper, reprimands Scout, admonishing, ""Yo' folks might be better than the Cunninghams, but it don't count for mothin' the way you're disgracin' 'em...""Lee's depiction of the dirt-poor Ewells, whose alcoholic father uses his meager income to fuel his addiction , allows the audience to glimpse the bottom crust of Southern society. Of Burris Ewell, a permanent first-grader, Lee writes, ""His neck was dark gray, the back of his hands were rusty, and his fingernails were balck deep into the quick."" The poverty-stricken South is accurately exemplified in Harper Lee's classic tale To Kill A Mockingibrd."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, details the story of a young girl living in Maycomb, Alabama. this girl must learn to cope with the issues of racism and classism within her community. The novel accurately depicts the strong overtone of racism in the south. Little Scout, brimming with maturity beyond her young years, is faced with racial adversity when her father takes a case defending an African American.Wee Scout is harassed by peers who call her strong, caring father a ""nigger lover"". Scout, being a rambunctious and feisty youngster, is forced to change her aggressive lifestyle due to constant teasing from her fellow classmates. She courageously perservered and sticks by her father's side throughout the trial.This book, one of the first of its kind, shows the readers the true corruption of the time. Scout must come to terms with the fact that the society surrounding her is blinded by prejudice and stereotypes. Although her and her family know the innocence of Tom Robinson, Jem must face Scout with the unfortunate reality that ""here are things [she] doesn't understand"" about southern society.the detailed accuracy of the racism and injustice within the court system at that time is astounding."
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is an accurate representation of the struggle for civil rights. One character, Calpurnia,  particularly caught our eye as she was a respected figure in the Finch household  even though she is an African American working for the family. Despite being a valued member of the family, and a mother figure to Scout and Jem, Calpurnia is looked down on by outsiders, the reserved citizens of Maycomb; for example, even Aunt Alexandra, sister to Atticus, is concerned about Calpurnia's place in the family, convinced that the household ""[doesn't] need her now."" It is evident that Calpurnia's right to be respected is disregarded by others.  While most Southern whites of the 1960s were racist, Atticus Finch, a white man, agreed to legally defend an African American, Tom Robinson. By doing so, Atticus becomes an object of ridicule and prejudice. Being called derogatory names such as ""nigger-lover"" and ""negro trash,"" Atticus is threatened both verbally and physically. At one point in the novel, a mob arrives at the jail to attack him. He is saved only by his daughter, Scout, as she humanizes him. Atticus' loyalty and devotion to the civil rights cause is inspirational.  The average southern white is greatly contrasted by Lee's portrayal of Mr. Dolphs Raymond. He is a white man who feels more comfortable with blacks than with whites. This is a welcome juxtaposition as it creates a contrast between the average southern citizens and himself. Dolphus' character not only supports civil rights but opens readers to the possibility of peaceful integration. This book is recommended to readers interested in the 1960s civil rights movement.Written By Nadia Kadry, Madeleine Varmer, Anna Rittman-Tune, and Caroline Kemper"
"Harper Lee's classic novel To Kill a Mockingbird is set in a rural Southern town during the Dpression of the 1930s. The story is told from the perspective pf Scout Finch, a school-age Caucasian girl from a struggling middle class family. She has many encounters with conflicting social pressures. Many are quick to point out the civil rights aspect of the novel; however, even deeper into is, the subject of feminism is also addressed. From a feminist view, this novel excellently portrays social struggles of women during the era of the Depression.Throughout the novel Scout is faced with an interesting dilemma concerning her gender and feminism. She is continuously faced with conflicting messages coming from Jem and Dill and from the likes of Aunt Alexandra or Mrs. Dubose. Jem and Dill are constantly encouraging Scout to act less like a traditional girl, and to spend more time in overalls than in dresses; for example, Jem tells Scout, ""I declare to the Lord you're getting' more like a girl every day"" after Scout declines to accompany Jem and Dill to the Radley House.On the other hand Scout faces intense pressure to act like a convention girly-girl from the likes of her Aunt Alexandra and Mrs. Dubose; for example, Scout says, ""Aunt Alexandra was fanatical on the subject of my attire. I could not possibly hope to be a lady if I wore breeches; when I said I could do nothing in a dress, she said I wasn't supposed to be doing things that required pants. Aunt Alexandra's vision of my deportment involved playing with small stoves, tea sets, and wearing the Add-A-Pearl necklace she gave me when I was born.""In addition, Scout feels that she is isolated from other children by Aunt Alexandra as a result of her gender. She desires to ""graduate to the big table"" with the others, but she is not allowed to. Scout expresses that Aunt Alexandra ""didn't understand girls much.""Overall, the book fully addresses the expectations felt by both children and women and offers a powerful commentary on feminism in the depression era of the South. It explains how the feminist influences affected growing up during this time period. This formula makes for a classic novel.[...]"
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird exemplifies the feminist views of its time.  The book tells the story of Scout, a young girl living in the small town of Maycomb, Alabama, and her adventures with her older brother Jem and their summertime friend Dill.  The trio's escapades are set against the background of a black man in their community, Tom Robinson, being tried for raping a white woman.  Scout's father Atticus acts as a lawyer for the trial, bringing Scout and Jem ridicule from their peers.  Throughout the novel, Lee conveys a feminist message.Scout, the protagonist, is a rambunctious, tomboy who defies the expectations of women in the 1930s Southern Alabama society; for example, on page 22, Scout beats up Walter Cunningham, which is uncharacteristic of a ""proper"" lady.  Scout spends her days ""usually mud-splashed or covered with sand"" instead of drinking tea with the ladies (Lee 131).  Furthermore, Scout gets a gun for Christmas, thus engaging in a normally male-dominated activity.  Scout is boyish, unruly, and adventurous; yet, she is perceived positively, as a protagonist of the novel.  Lee shows that women can be self-sufficient and intelligent without being ""girly.""On the other hand, the characters that conform to society by adhering to standards for women are often perceived as mean or shallow; for example, Mrs. Dubose is Scout's ""gender appropriate"" neighbor.  Mrs. Dubose criticizes Scout for wearing overalls.  ""'You should be in a dress and camisole, young lady!'"" Mrs. Dubose yells from her porch (Lee 101).  Despite being feminine, a trait favored by society, Mrs. Dubose is also mean, sharp-tongued, and selfish.  Scout's Aunt Alexandra is also a feminine character who is overly critical of Scout's wanton ways.  According to Aunt Alexandra, Scout should fill her time ""playing with small stoves, tea sets, and wearing the Add-A-Pearl necklace she gave [Scout] when [she] was born"" (Lee 81).  Aunt Alexandra further tells Scout that she shouldn't ""be doing things that require pants,"" meaning Scout should act like a young lady, not a man (Lee 81).  Aunt Alexandra's antagonistic nature shows that feminine qualities are not necessary to be moral.Lee has written a spellbinding story that tackles the feminine stereotypes of the time.  It parallels the heavy issues of women's rights with the tale of a young girl coming of age."
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a call to 1960s American society to take action in the Civil Rights Movement. This is the story of a young, white girl in a small 1930s Southern town. She grows up learning from her father, the town lawyer, appointed to defend an innocent black man accused of the rape of a white girl. The author depicts the reality of injustice and prejudice in everyday life at the time. This timeless classic portrays racism, segregation, and the need for the Civil Rights Movement in a deeply moving novel, which is a must-read for all. Lee takes a stand for Civil Rights in To Kill A Mockingbird, portraying the hate and injustice of segregation. She tells how an innocent man is absurdely accused of rape, solely because he is black. Atticus Finch, the accused's lawyer, clearly proves that his client is innocent, but the all white jury still rules Tom Robinson (the accused) guilty as charged. This page-turning novel calls attention to the need for acceptance, tolerance, and desegregation. Atticus Finch was looked down upon for defending an African American, but he taught his children, as Lee teaches her readers, to stand up for what is right. Harper When asked why he was defending Tom Robinson, Finch replied, ""if I didn't I couldn't hold up my head"". Written in the 1960s, this book is a call to conscience as powerful as the marchers in the street, the sitters in the restaurants, the pioneers in the courtrooms, and the oppressed all over the country.by: Cierra Campbell, Zoe Kurtz, Leah Ragen, Lila Weintraub, Selena Wyborski"
"To Kill a MockingbirdWe just finished this book and were amazed at the incredible use of diction and tone words by the author to enhance the theme. Harper Lee uses the tone of mystery to enhance the reader's comprehension of the subtle complexities of the novel. To Kill a Mockingbird by following the life and adventures of a young southern tomboy named Scout Finch.  In the novel, one of the key aspects, which is a constant source of excitment and mystery, is the Radley house. In Maycomb it was ""alien to Maycomb ways"" to have ones shutters closed. Yet the Radley house was frequently seen with its shutters closed. Inside of the house lived a ""malevolent phantom."" "" The house was low.. and had long ago darkened to keep the sun away."" Incredibly enticing quotes are a frequent happening in this page-turning, plot packing, story filling filet of great literature.  After reading this book, one realizes that to fully appreciate the novel, one must place oneself in their environment and ""stand in the characters shoes."" The numerous opposing viewpoints within the novel help to expose the characters' flaws and their true qualities. Yet, this book turns out to be, a Pulitzer Prize, award-winning novel which will thrill and profoundly amaze readers for years to come.  Written by Gardi Royce, Benjamin Buchholz, Chris Hinton and Noel Barrymore."
"Harper Lee's 1960 novel, To Kill A Mocking Bird, is one of the most important pieces of American literature to date. Aside from being enormously important, it is also an excellent read. Every middle-schooler should read  this book.Lee's novel takes place in small-town Alabama during the Great Depression.  The narrator is Scout Fitch, the daughter of Atticus Fitch who is a local attorney.  Atticus is assigned to defend a local black, Tom Robinson, man who has been charged with raping a white woman.  Much of the town disagrees with Atticus' decision to defend Robinson, and vehemently taunts Scout for his father's actions.  Atticus is able to prove Robinson's innocence, but Robinson is convicted of the crime anyway. Robinson is later killed while trying to escape from prison.  The alleged victim's father, Bob Ewell, is humiliated by the trial and menaces Atticus' family.  In the end, Ewell attacks Scout and then dies in the confusion of the attack, probably killed by Fitch's mysterious neighbor, Boo Radley, who the children in the community have been fascinated by for years.This incredible piece of literature broaches many important topics in our  society:  racial tensions and race relations(especially in the South), injustice in the legal system, class, sex crimes and the importance of courage and integrity.  The book deals extensively with these issues, but is still very light-hearted and humorous.Above all else, To Kill A Mockingbird, is a poignant reminder to all who read it about the importance of humanity and good will towards all.  The book is one of my favorites because it reminds me of what is good and just in this world, and can be, even in our darkest hours of moral ambiguity.  It is a reminder that there are always people out there, in the face of impossible odds and situations, striving to do what is right and just.  I treasure this book and hope everyone reading this review will buy a copy and read it.  It will better your soul!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird, J.B. Lippincott & Co., Harper Lee, July 11, 1960Reading Level: Ranges: Young Adult, eighth grade, 13 years or soNumber of pages: 296Genre: Southern Gothic dramaSynopsis of Plot:This book takes place in a small town in the south; Maycomb, Alabama during the Great Depression.  The main character of the book is a five year old girl nicknamed Scout and she tells the story from her point of view.  Scout and her brother Jem, live with their father, Atticus Finch, who is a prominent lawyer in town.  In the summer, Scout and Jem become fascinated with a recluse neighbor, Boo Radley.  Life is dramatically changed when their father, Atticus, takes on a controversial case.  A white woman, Mayella Ewell, accuses an innocent black man named Tom Robinson of raping her.  It is obvious that he is innocent as the trial goes on due to Atticus' questioning.  Nonetheless, in a small southern town still full of prejudice, the all white jury finds Tom Robinson guilty.  Due to Atticus taking on the case, his family and children are faced with many threats and scorn from the angry white people in Maycomb.  Atticus stands constant in his conviction to fight racial inequality and teaches this good to Scout and Jem.  Near the end Tom Robinson is shot as he attempted to escape from jail.  This is a hard lesson for Scout and Jem to learn as they feel the injustice of Robinson's position.  Mayella's evil father, Bob Ewell vows revenge on the Finch's since Atticus made him appear a fool during the trial.  The book ends with him attacking Scout and Jem on their way home from a school play.  The children are saved by their recluse neighbor, Boo Radley.  Boo stabs Bob Ewell and is luckily saved from punishment by the police officer who claims that he saw Bob Ewell fall on his own knife.  The Finch children, Scout and Jem grow up during the entire process of the trial.  They are faced with many examples of evil and good in people and lose their innocence through the trial.Address negative aspects of the book:One of the main themes of this book is forgiveness.  Atticus always forgives people for their evil traits.  For example, Atticus is able to forgive people for being racist and chose to admire them instead for their positive traits, such as courage or love.  While I think it is good that Atticus teaches readers forgiveness, I think that it can be frustrating.  Some people and acts do not necessarily deserve forgiveness, like the character Bob Ewell.  I think that it is important to make sure that the seriousness of the racism in the south during those times is not taken lightly and forgiven, but remembered for the giant mistake it was.Your appraisal of the book:I would definitely recommend reading this book.  When I read this book in fourth grade, it changed my life.  Being able to discuss such serious issues and get new viewpoints and a history lesson at the same time is an amazing part of this book.  I think this book should be read by every student in America.  We can only learn from our mistakes in history by discussing them and learning about them in literary works.  This is a perfect book that can address that lesson for students today.  Buy this book and read it for all of these reasons."
"This book is one of the quintessential ""high school classics."" It appears classic and deep only to those who lack the art and intellect to grasp the shallowness of it. It seems like there is a lot there up until the point where you begin to understand it. Apparently, the vast majority of people never do. It is a shame really, but I suppose that is the way it is. So much time and energy poured into books which are simply bad.Sorry to ramble like this, but it verges on heart-breaking to see so many good reviews for a book that barely approaches passable. Its imagery is poor, its premise is shallow, and the attempt to ""enlighten the human condition"" is a flimsy pretense to draw out the phony intellectuals who cannot see 10 inches past their own lies long to see that agreeing with the crowd doesn't make you an intellectual. The problem lies in the fact that the book is a triumph of vagueness. It has a certain undefinable characteristic that many mistake for art, but which is, in fact, a simple lack of talent. The reason it is vague is not because there is a truth behind the words, but rather that there is a *story* behind the words that the author lacks the talent to draw out. A bad story, by the way. A rambling, pointlessly morose, insipid story lacking any value either in entertainment or art. Let us not even approach any further the lack of intellectual content, or otherwise I fear I may vomit.This book is, however, a certain kind of triumph. It is a triumph of marketing. It is a triumph in the manipulation of plebian minds yearning to appear, or perhaps be, more than they are.I beg of you, do not deride your own intelligences by attempting to force them to heights they are not capable of. If you cannot go beyond a certain point, do not do so. If books like this continue to sell in such immense quantities, I fear for the fate of all art."
"Title: To Kill A Mocking BirdPublisher: Warner BooksAuthor: Harper E. LeeDate: 1960Reading Level: 8th Grade Reading LevelNumber of Pages: 281 PagesGenre: Fiction To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper E. Lee deals with issues such as, racism, innocence and empathy. Scout Finch and her brother Jem live in a small town in Alabama where they become obsessed with Boo Radley. Boo leaves present under a tree that Scout and Finch continue to visit until Boo's brother fills the hole with cement. At the same time as this story develops Attacus Finch (Scout's father) decided to defend Tom Robinson who is a black man who is accused of raping a white female. Racial tensions then develop in the story.  Scout is then picked on at school and is forced to deal with racial issues at a young age. Tom Rabinson is later falsely convicted of the crime by an all white jury and tries to escape from jail and is shot dead. Later in the novel Tom Robinison's accuser is embarrassed because Attacus embarrasses him in the courtroom and harasses Jem and Scout when Boo comes to their rescue. As a current teacher I firmly believe that this book should be read at the end of middle school. It is a fantastic novel that teachers young adults some very important lessons. It is a coming of age novel that provides very valuable lessons at a middle school age. The book provides characters that are very relatable and the reader develops strong feelings for the character. This is a book that should be read by people of all ages. This book is typically read by freshmen in high school, however, I strongly believe that this book can do a great amount of good if read at a middle school level. The books issues and themes are so prevalent to a middle school world. To see Jem and Scout grow up throughout the novel just as many young middle schoolers are. The only negative aspect of this book for middle schoolers is that the characters in the beginning of the novel may be hard to relate to. Scout is too young and Atticus may be too old. However, I believe that the issues that are handled in the book are issues that typical teenagers care about. I have found that issues like racism always spark debate in the middle school classroom.  Another problem with this novel is that despite the 8th grade reading levels it deals with a complicated plot and takes in-depth analysis to fully understand all of its meaning which may make it hard for a middle schooler to fully comprehend."
"A friend in New York called to say, ""I just listened to To Kill A Mockingbird on tape. There's a lot of funny stuff about education and John Dewey. I wouldn't have understood it if I hadn't read all those articles on your site.""Now I had to order this book. I had avoided it all these decades because it was such a Teacher's Pet; kids are made to read this novel because it says all the right things about racial injustice. Well, I read it, and enjoyed it thoroughly. It's good history (Alabama, 1935); good sociology; and good story-telling, lightning in a bottle, actually.  But you probably know that. So let me mention a funny irony. Public schools make kids read TKAM, but TKAM is a tough critic of those schools.My friend exaggerated; the bits about education hardly add up to three pages. But they are delicious! The set-up is that the narrator, Scout Finch, age six, is off to her first day of school on page 15, with this thought: ""I had never looked forward more to anything in my life.""But there's a problem: she can already read, at a high level. The teacher, discovering this fact, looked at Scout ""with more than faint distaste. Miss Caroline told me to tell my father not to teach me any more, it would interfere with my reading...'It's best to begin reading with a fresh mind. You tell him I'll take over from here and try to undo the damage...Your father does not know how to teach.'""That's so pretty, you might want to cry. An entire cosmos of educational stupidity is right there. Scout goes on: ""I mumbled that I was sorry and retired meditating upon my crime. I never deliberately learned to read, but somehow I had been wallowing illicitly in the daily papers.""At lunch Scout tells her brother she wants to quit school. He reassures her, ""Don't worry...Our teacher says Miss Caroline's introducing a new way of teaching. She learned about it in college...It's the Dewey Decimal System."" According to Scout, this consisted ""of Miss Caroline waving cards at us on which were printed `the,' `cat,' `rat,' `man,' and `you.'"" That, of course, is Whole Word; and we are still fighting this crabgrass 70 years later.Scout is bored so she writes a letter to a friend. Miss Caroline catches her and says: ""We don't write in first grade. We print. You won't learn to write until you're in the third grade.""You can see what a deft touch Harper Lee has. It's sweet, and sly, and scathing. Melvil Dewey, by the way,  created the Dewey Decimal System. That little inside joke is one example of what I mean by ""sly.""As for Professor John Dewey, he has caused a lot of trouble. I like to think that Harper Lee and I are in total accord about this guy. Discussing Miss Caroline's origins, Scout notes that the teacher was from a part of Alabama that was full of ""Liquor Interests, Big Mules, steel companies, Republicans, professors, and other persons of no background."""
I have read this book many times over the years since I was a child.  It is a wonderful story with vivid characters and an engrossing plot.  I read a lot- a whole lot.  Probably 3 or 4 books a week since I learned how.  This is simply my favorite book of all time- for too many reasons to tell.  I haven't ever met anyone who DIDN't like this book.  I can't wait to read it to my children- its well worth your time and money- even if you've already seen the movie.
It says TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD - HARPER LEE.  And there is a picture of a mockingbird flying away from a tree that has a clock and a ball of string in it.  Ha!
"I never saw the movie. I never read the book until this year. To think what I missed over the years almost makes me cry. The reader gets caught up in the family life of Atticus, Scout and Jem. You root for the underdog. Not a fast paced book, the reader is nonetheless caught up in the intracies of Southern living and Southern morals in the 1930's. It is not a book to be overlooked."
"This is a powerful exploration of race, law, and growing up in the South. Some have taken issue with certain aspects of this novel (like the saintliness of Atticus Finch and innocent nature of Tom Robinson), but it accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do: illuminate the nature of race and childhood at a dangerous and interesting intersection of American history"
"Harper Lee only wrote one book, To Kill a Mockingbird, but it was truthfully above anything I've read before.  This story begins in the un-eventful county of Maycomb.  In a life drained of interest, Jem and Scout are raised, they will never know what is to come.  One summer, a boy named Dill becomes their friend and takes an interest to the house nextdoor.  Arthur (Boo) Radley is a concealed man who they've never seen in their lives, but they think the know the story.  Is he really a man that only comes out at night to kill flowers and eat cats?  Along the way, behind the scenes a trial goes on.  A black man is accused of raping a white girl.  In a world so racist, things change, people die, and eventually no matter how many paper cuts you get, you can't put that book down.  I've never read anything like it in my life and I don't think I'll find something that meaningful in a long time.  It opened my eyes to the world and anybody who loves a thrilling tale with jumps along the way to get you attached, should read this book.  I vow never to get on another plane without it tucked inside my bag."
"If you're looking for a fast plot, kick a$$ characters who overcome insurmountable odds, then you should look elsewhere.If you're looking for the gritting truth, set at a Southern pace (i.e. slow), where things are never quite what they seem on the surface (i.e. small towns), and good does not always prevail (i.e. what ever happened to Dill and why did it have to happen to Tom), then I recommend this American classic.I've read a few of the reviews and was actually surprised that some didn't like it. While I understand that nothing appeals to all audiences, it was still a shock to me. And the reason for that is that when you love something, it's hard to see why other's don't.A small percentage of reviewers said that nothing happened and the characters are one-dimensional. While this feedback is obviously valid for those who made it, I have to disagree. The women in the town (esp the Auntie and Miss Maudie) were perfect examples of complex characters living through a very changing (and challenging) time. If you read a bit below the surface, I believe the average reader should be able to pick that up.Jem was another example of a complex character. We watched him cross that threshold from a little boy to a young man. To me this was proven by his periods of quietness and his behaviors.Because the story was written to reflect, as closely as possible, true life during a particularly period in American culture, it may seem a bit slow to those accustomed to and prefer contemporary/speculative fiction.I was born in the South and therefore found the dialogue to be quite accurate of how we spoke during my childhood. This helped me to relate to it and build more of a bond to the characters.Every now and again, I find (as I get older -- not sure how relevant that is for the younger audiences)  you want to read a book that stays with you. You're not in the mood for a Stephen King (tho he is a master story teller). Instead you want something slower, something with a little more meaning to it so that you when you put it down, you have to sit in silence and reflect on what you've read and why you liked it so much.This is not a book that I would've read in high school (cliff notes was my preferred method). Unfortunately I did not have the patience nor the maturity (that adjective is reflective of me only) to understand how good people can make bad decisions and still not be bad people. One of the toughest things to do is to stand up in front of an angry mob and tell them that you don't agree with. This, I think, is one of the crucibles of the novel.For me, this is one of the best books I've read and completely understand why it has won a Pulitzer. She deserves it."
"Ever since Harper Lee published her only novel, she has remained as reclusive as J.D. Salinger. Sadly, she has accomplished the almost impossible by writing the great American novel of all times. The characters become multi-dimensional and alive at times. Set in the deep South, the story is told from Scout's point of view. Scout has been named on countless girls ever since the publication of the book. Atticus Finch is an unforgettable character immortalized by Gregory Peck in the movie version. One of the main reasons that I read this book is to see where Mrs. Dubose played by actress Ruth White's character in the film was about. At first, I thought it was a small part but boy was I wrong. Mrs. Dubose becomes an important figure in the lives of Jeremy ""Jem"" and Scout Finch as well as the other Finches. The story of a rape and trial is sadly but in the end of America, Scout is like Anne Frank who provides hope in times of hopelessness and revives the hope for a better world in the Deep South where prejudice and racism runs deep alongside lynchings and cruel treatment of African Americans after slavery was abolished in 1865. Since she won the Congressional Medal of Freedom for her services to literature, Harper Lee has still maintained her reclusive nature."
"What can possibly be left to say about Nelle Harper Lee's classic tale of tolerance and pain, of justice denied and served, of childhood innocence lost to adolescent understanding? Surely it has all been said before in analyzing Ms. Lee's sole published novel, a surprisingly autobiographical recounting of small town Southern justice at the dawn of the pre-civil rights era - the strong sense of tradition and place, the parallelism between Tom Robinson and Boo Radley, the alternating flashes of humor and tragedy, the implicit pleas for social justice.A work that stands as revelatory for high school freshmen necessarily loses some of that power on later rereading. However, the directness and simplicity of Harper Lee's writing, her ear for the Southern voice and eye for the telling detail, and her remarkable ability to realize memorable characters continue to impress even the mature reader. Atticus Finch stands as an archetype of the righteous but humble man seeking to serve justice and the common good, whatever the cost. Scout is the eternal tomboy, the adventurous young soul grappling with the implications of racial prejudice and injustice while experiencing and conquering her own version in Arthur (Boo) Radley. Boo himself stands as the ""unknown other,"" the feared immigrant or differently colored whom, as Atticus says, we can never know until we put ourselves in their skin. Then there's Dill, the summer neighbor so clearly modeled on the author's own childhood neighbor and lifelong friend, Truman Capote. These are joined by an entire townfull of supporting characters, each memorable and each an archetype in his or her own right.Lee's master stroke as a writer was to view the events surrounding Mayella Ewell's alleged rape and Tom Robinson's trial through the eyes of a child just emerging into adolescence. Scout struggles to interpret the lives, actions, and attitudes of those around her through the lens of naïve childhood, yet her budding adolescence places her on a cusp. One day she is beating up boys and catching frogs, the next day she's being groomed for Southern womanhood. Nevertheless, Scout forces us through her questions and reactions to confront the inherent irrationality in racial and class prejudices. If it's a sin to kill a mockingbird, as the story's underlying proverb asserts, then who is Harper Lee's mockingbird? At one level, the answer is obviously Tom Robinson, seconded by Boo Radley. Yet perhaps the true mockingbird, sinfully slaughtered, is indeed that very childhood innocence, forever destined to suffer that tragic fate at the hands of incipient adulthood.To a far greater extent than one might imagine, Harper Lee drew much of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD's material from her own life. The lawyerly and reserved father, the small town life (hers was Monroeville, AL), the deceased mother (hers was emotionally distant and psychologically troubled), the scarily unseen neighbor's grown son, the cranky, busybody neighbor, the oddly effete childhood friend - these and numerous other story elements came from Ms. Lee's direct family and childhood experiences. Ms. Lee even borrowed the theme for Jem and Scout's climactic school pageant, ""Ad Astra Per Aspera,"" from Kansas's state motto, a little fact she picked up there while assisting Truman Capote with his research for IN COLD BLOOD. I highly recommend as a companion piece to this novel Charles Shields's MOCKINGBIRD: A PORTRAIT OF HARPER LEE."
"Most of the time, I get really pumped about reading books. And most of the time, I get so frustrated and don't finish them. That, however, was not the case with this book!!  Usually, my decription of ""great"" literature means a bunch of long words scrambled together into a sentence leaving the reader to meditate a REALLY long time and figure out what it means. I was SO excited to find out that this book wasn't like that!! This book was so much fun to read because I didn't have to stop and think every two seconds!  The characters in the book are so...real. Atticus reminds me SO much of my Dad in the sense that he will think things out, and when threatened, he doesn't get all worked up. I actually got a kick out of the story being from Scout's point of view. The world is a completely different place in an eight-year-olds eyes, and that's what made so much of a difference in the way this book was written. So, I say, give it a read!! It's worth the time."
"Like the prose and symphonies of centuries past that yet today evoke memory and emotion, To Kill A Mockingbird epitomizes the definition of ""classic"".It is a story of the most important time in people's lives; when morals are made, when lessons are learned, when lasting friendships are born and time takes forever and then is forever gone--childhood.This thoroughly heartwarming tale chronicles the struggles, strengths and weaknesses of Atticus Finch, small town Alabama lawyer and widowed father of two in the 1930's.  It delves into the spiritual and moral dilemmas aroused by fear and prejudice. As he defends a young black man accused of a crime against a white woman, it becomes as much a trial of fatherhood as a test of justice.The story is seen through the eyes of a 9 year old girl, Scout.  She and her older brother, Jem, have critical issues of their own to deal with.  Scout wants to get out of having to go to school, so she takes up cussing, hoping her father will assume she's learned these new words at school and immediately withdraw her.  Another time, Scout and Jem build a snowman that looks exactly like their next door neighbor.  When the offended neighbor complains, Atticus tells them that a snowman is not supposed to be a caricature of a real person.  Jem replies, ""It's not a caricature.  It looks exactly like him"".Scout, Jem, and Atticus develop strong bonds they must cling to as they juggle a tedious balance between the ideologies of chidhood, fatherhood and the temperamental mores of a tumultuous place and time."
"Whenever you think of heroes, most of the time you think of superhero tiers like Superman, Spiderman, and Batman; I think of Atticus Finch from Harper Lee's novel To Kill a Mockingbird.  Although he possesses no superhuman power or abilities, he possesses characteristics few others have.  Not only intelligent, respected, and calm, but he also is humble and just.Lee sets her story during the 1930s in Maycomb, Alabama from the perspective of young Scout recounting her story of growing up with her brother Jem and their father Atticus.  Over the course of the novel, Scout develops from a naïve innocent girl to maturity and acknowledging the evil in the world.Deeply rooted within this town is severe racial prejudice.  Atticus exemplifies his justice by defending a black man, Tom Robinson, in a lopsided courtcase about raping a white woman.  Subject to the town's attacks, Atticus persistently determines to defend his client, and ultimately proves Robinson innocent.  Yet the biased jury thinks otherwise and still convicts him, despite the indisputable evidence.The mockingbird signifies the innocent in the story, which in the end is tarnished by humanity's evil.  The two most prominent representations are Boo Radley and Tom Robinson.  Boo Radley is distorted by society to nothing but a myth, but as the story progresses, the children discover more about him. Culminating down to the conclusion where Scout finally meets him in person, she realizes him to be truly good and acknowledges him as a human, quelling all theories she had of him before.  Tom Robinson, on the other hand, is ruined by the white jury, despite Atticus' sufficient proof to show his innocence.  Convicted and sentenced to jail, he attempts to make his escape and is shot and killed in the process, capturing the book's title.The story is not too difficult of a read, but the meaning is extremely insightful, containing profound commentary about good and evil, bravery, and innocence.  In essence, I have never read a book as good as this one.  It should be on everyone's top 1 list of greatest books of all time.  Period.  If it is not, something is seriously wrong.  You better be changing it."
"I read this book in school not that long ago. That was the THIRD time reading that book. I can't get enough of it. It is an amazing story taking place in 1930's Alabama. The story is seen through the eyes of a 5 year old girl who's father, Atticus Finch (one of the most well known characters in literature), is defending a black man. This book is all about the way humans react to one another and how cruel people once were, but there were the seldom few like Atticus Finch that did care and tried to make a point to those who did not. There's so much to say about this magnificent book that can't be put in one review. I recommend it to everyone from 12-any age because this story is a life lesson that everyone must learn. it is a book that will stay with you the rest of your life."
I read this in school and then read it again recently (I am now in my 30's). This book made a significantly more profound impact the second time around. It is now one of my top 5 favorite books.
"After watching the film ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" for over 40 years, it was a real treat to finally read the book.  A very enlightening read, the colorful narration painted a truthful picture of rural and prejudiced life in the South during 30's.  It's unfortunate that Harper Lee only wrote one book, as I'm sure she could have regaled us with many such portraits of unfamiliar faces and mores from long ago.  Ms. Lee must have been thrilled to have her book come to life upon the big screen, especially with such superb acting by legendary thespian, Gregory Peck.  He breathed life into Atticus Finch and I can think of no better actor to have played his part.  If you haven't seen the movie or read the book, I suggest that you do both...preferably reading the book first."
"The simplicity of childhood is captured wonderfully through the eyes of 8 year old Scout, the daughter of Atticus Finch, a single parent (her mother having died before she remembers) struggling with the pressures of setting his children the right example in a world governed by rigid rules, bigotry and prejudices.The first half of the story centres around the flow of life for Scout and her brother Jem, painting a picture of a childhood idyll. The cruelty and complexity of of the world breaks into the second half as the children witness the consequences of their father defending a black man accused of raping a white woman.The freedom of a child's mind to observe what IS without judgment or malice gives this story it's power. In many ways each character is archetypal, representing that particular set of characteristics that we see in people but often prefer to ignore when they make us uncomfortable. The blind bigotry exhibited by many of the characters is still with us and speaks volumes about those of strong religious belief yet absence of true humanity and conscience.A beautifully written yet powerful book I would recommend that everybody read."
"Just to let you know- I usually read fantasy and sci-fi books and this is nothing of the sort.I was assigned to read this for school and I must say, I found it very interesting because I learned a lot about racism and life in the US during the great deppression. Historical/non-fiction book lovers should absolutely read this. Others might  want to try it out too since its an important piece of american literacy."
"This is at least the third time I have read this book, and I loved it even more than the other two times.  Whole passages are burned into my brain.  This time when I read it I could see Gregory Peck as Atticus in my head...an added plus."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is more than a classic, it is heartbreakingly beautiful.  Like a previous reviewer, it had been 40 years since my first reading in the sixties. While it was affecting then, it was even more so now. Perhaps maturity enables us to appreciate a great work of art in a way that callow youth cannot.If you have read it before, read it again.  If you have never read it, do so without delay.  I promise you an emotional experience that will never leave you."
"I read this book in my English class before I saw the movie, and I must say I was amazed enough to actually continually read this novel as opposed to going to the cliff notes.  It is rather engaging, and Gregory Peck, although giving one of the greatest performances of all time, did not give Atticus Finch the justice he well deserved.Highly recommended."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is my all time favorite novel. It the my ""go to"" book that I typically do read at least once a year during an unexpected wait in an ER etc. I purchased this audio book because I drive in my work and I wanted to see if I liked it compared to the last one I tried several years ago where the narrator was so southern I could not understand her. All I can say about Sissy Spacek is that she hits this one out of the park. I was captivated from beginning to end. I give this audio book a A +++."
"It took me to long to finally read this book.  In my school I don't know when I was growing up we never read this book.  Instead I selected it for our book club.I enjoyed reading this book finally.  I used to hear this was a good read.Growing up story, with the father at the center helping the children have good moral values. How it is hard for Scout to see her brother grow before her eyes, and they are no longer at the same level.  There is a rape trial which is said when you do research on Harper Lee, that there was a real trial.  That alot the book is based on true events.I would reccommend this book to be read alone and then discussed with others."
"This ever-popular, Pulitzer prize-winning novel is written from the first-person perspective of ""Scout,"" a young girl growing up in a small, segregated Alabama town during the Great Depression. I did not read any descriptions of the book before I began it, so it was fascinating as I began to realize what it was about. Its gentle, childlike, Tom Sawyer, heart-of-America cadence drew me in, but provided a counterpoint to the hypocrisy, racism, and bigotry that was revealed in the town little by little.The writing itself, of course, is excellent, telling the story subtly but powerfully - or perhaps the power is in its very subtlety. In my opinion, this is not the most compelling book I've ever read on this issue, but it is significant and memorable."
i bought the book to kill a mockingbird. it was in excellent condition. the price was also very low.
"To think this is the only book Harper Lee has produced.  But, as they say, it's greatest to go out on top.  One word eloquently equals the sum of this book: earnest.  The book is not politically correct (nor should any book be).  Accordingly, I am sure the book outrages every type of person to whom Harper's message was written.  The book tells of the injustices black people  did, and have endured.  The time period is late 1930's.  The story line feeds the reader a view of endurance, moral right, truth, honesty, and that one must stand up for what is morally right in the face of many detractors.  Verily, a book every person should read."
This book is one of my favorites and I was happy to find it in large print and share it with a friend.  Thanks for you!
"Delivered very fast in plenty of time for christmas. The book is beautiful, THANK YOU"
"A great deal is made about the fact that Ms. Lee only wrote this one book, but when you write a classic how do you follow it?  Plus it has always added to her mystique, also she saw up close and personal how In Cold Blood destroyed Truman Capote.  She just went back to the small town she grew up in and has live a long and seemingly peaceful life.  The word classic is thrown around alot these days, but if the case of this book it fits.  Her writing style propels the book and the content resonates off the page.  It's really a story of a decent man defending a decent man, and in the process teaching his children what being a role model is all about.  As you read the text, you get the feeling Ms. Lee knows these people quite well, even she admits one of the characters is lose take on her childhood friend Truman.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves to read, it's a must read for the centuries."
"A popular classic is one way to describe the awesome novel To Kill a Mockingbird. Everybody should read this novel because it is so interesting and it really is important. And a bonus- IT'S NOT BORING! Which is good because usually it seems books that are required reading are kind of boring. But not To Kill a Mockingbird. The novel takes place in a small fictional southern town called Maycomb, Alabama set during the depression. A family lives there that consists of a widowed father, Atticus Finch, an older brother, Jem Finch, and a younger girl named Scout Finch. The father is a lawyer and he takes on a case about an African American man who has supposedly raped a white girl. Not to give away the ending I have to stop my summary there. But the book goes on about a detailed trial of the man. Another subject the story talks about is the Finch's neighbor- Boo Radley. He is a mysterious man who never comes out of his house and has terrible rumors going around about him. Scout and Jem and a friend they make named Dill make it their mission to see Boo. The only downer to the novel is that the beginning doesn't make much sense. But don't stop because the end brings it all together. I hope you enjoy the novel if you decide to read it! Happy reading!"
"I came to the American classics later in life (in my 30s), which was a good turn, as I discovered, by reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""As a student, I didn't read for pleasure, so I looked at book assignments like work. Now that I have time, I really enjoy books like Harper's, which so easily slide you into confrontations of social consequence and make you think and decide where you stand.I listened to ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" on tape and the performance (by a woman) was riveting. As an aspiring author, I would love to write like Harper Lee, so casual and calm in her manner, she took me to Macon, Alabama on the rails of her southern prose.And Atticus Finch is a character whose character every statemen should aspire to."
I had to read 9 books for a class this semester and this was the last book. I was burnt out on reading and I could not get into it. This let me listen to it on the way to school and it honestly made me like it much better than when i was actually reading it. The womans voice is very nice and she makes it feel like you are there. I enjoyed this book very much!
"Saw movie years ago and cannot believe it is the same story I just wrapped around myself and lived with Sport!!  The book is MUCH,MUCH,MUCH more real at 69 than the film at 30something!"
"Pulitzer Prize Winner. In this classic we read about Scout Finch who is an outspoken, literate six-year-old tomboy when she begins to tell of growing up in a small Alabama town with her brother and her attorney father Atticus. The children's curiosity about a reclusive neighbor is eclipsed by Atticus's attempt to defend a black man against charges of raping a white woman. I would recommend this book for anyone in high school and older readers. This is a must read book."
"I purchased this copy for my cousin's son and when I gave it to him I said, ""This is a classic and you MUST read it.""  The story creates such emotion and the writing is awesome."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life.To Kill a Mockingbird (Collector's Edition)Harper Lee (Up Close)"
"Ashlee Shively1-25-10Language Arts Per.6Honors Book Review  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a compelling story about racism in the 1930's. Written by Harper Lee, who attended Huntington College, University of Alabama, and also spent a year as an exchange student at Oxford University in England, this is her only published novel. This book was published by J.B. Lippincott in 1960 and consists of 323 pages. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and made into a major motion picture.  The setting takes place in a ficticious town named Maycomb, Alabama from 1933 to 1935. The main character and also the narrorator of the story is a young girl named Jean Louise Finch, but everyone calls her Scout. She is telling the story as an adult, but about her childhood. Another main character in the story is Scout's older brother, Jeremy Finch, Jem for short. Atticus is the father of Scout and Jem, an attorney, and Maycomb's state legislative representative. Then there is Dill, a boy who comes to stay with his aunt, the Finch's neighbor Miss Rachel, every summer.  The plot of the story is that Atticus agrees to defend a black man named Tom Robinson, accused of raping nineteen year old Mayella Ewell, which causes Scout and Jem to be tormented at school because people think their father is disgracing the town. Another part to the plot is that Jem, Dill, and Scout are constantly trying to get Arthur (Boo) Radley to come out of his house. The story was that Boo got into alot of trouble when he was a teenager, and he hadn't come outside since because his father kept him locked up.  The climax is when Bob Ewell, Mayella Ewell's father, tries to hurt Jem and Scout in the field behind their school Halloween night, but Boo Radley comes out and saves them, killing Bob in the process. Later, the town sherriff, Mr.Tate, states that while attacking the children, Bob Ewell stumbled into his own knife, accidently stabbing himself in the soft spot between his ribs. Mr. Tate does this to protect Arthur Radley. The theme of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is social class. I believe this is the theme because in the story it talks about how the people of Maycomb County despise the Ewells and the way they lived, and the Ewells despised colored people. But yet in court, a colored man had never been found not guilty against a white man, and that wasn't about to change.  This book is an amazing book because it shows very strong opinions and veiws on racism. It is a book with very strong vocabulary, which makes it a great book for any high school or college student."
Product was in the condition stated and I received it before the delivery time stated. Thanks so much for your prompt service around the heavy mail time at Christmas. I would definitely purchase from this seller again.
"Requested and ordered hardcover, received paperback. However, I did receive it so quickly that I was able to re-order a hardcover and receive it in time for Christmas and refund was handled efficiently."
"After purusing the many reviews, not much else can be said, except the summary would be ""it's a classic,"" and should be read by every youngster, especially by the age of Scout and young people gaining their independence and starting to think for themselves. The reader gains insight into the human spirit and behavior, even though you don't live in Maycomb County, Alabama. You don't have to - one size fits all. I read it originally about 1960 when it was first published and enjoyed reading it again - definitely an American classic."
"Well, I'd recommend if you have some time during a holiday or vacation, take this book with you. I couldn't put it down for 3 days. I missed it somehow through my high school and college ed. It just might not have been on my reading list for my classes, but I would say it's better than just seeing the movie.  The writing is amazing. The characterization and descriptions put you into the world of growing up in Depression Era South. But more important, it shows how we absorb the world growing up, the good, the bad, and the ugly. And sometimes, we can see changes in our lifetime that seem small at first, but can grow into something bigger. The point of view from a child growing up is the special human interest that I think has made it so interesting over the years.  No wonder it was given the Pulitzer. If you have to catch up on classics, this is a good one to start with."
This classic was in such bad condition that I had to put it into the recycle bin and reorder from Borders.
"I like unabridged audio version of this book because I need to hear the entire story as Harper Lee wrote it. This version is done wonderfully by Roses Prichard who has the perfect voice and inflection to give each character life and distinctness. Her pacing and soft, subtle voice fit exactly the time and setting of the story. It made me want to take time to listen."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic, inspirational story that changes in meaning every time you read it. The story is told from the perspective of ""Scout"". She is a young tomboy that lives with her dad, Atticus Finch, and her older brother, Jem. Atticus is a lawer that was just assigned one of the most important case of his life. He is to defend a Black man who was accused of beating and raping a white girl, in a time of racial prejudice. Another important component is a mysterious neighbor that never leaves his house, known as Boo Radley.  I really enjoyed the book though at times it was a little upsetting. It was not like a lot of books where you can tell what is going to happen at the end of the book before it actually happens. Harper Lee keeps it interesting by throwing unexpected events in the story that keep you guessing till the very end."
"This powerful novel examines racial injustice in the Deep South during the 1930's Great Depression.  The narrator is young Scout Finch, a six-year-old white girl who lives with her brother Jem and attorney father Atticus.  They live a fairly normal small-town Alabama life of school, playmates, and fearful fascination with a reclusive neighbor.  Things heat up when Atticus is assigned to defend a black man named Tom Robinson who is accused of raping a young white woman.  A man of principle, Atticus takes the job despite angry reactions from neighbors and potential danger. As the trial unfolds in the segregated courtroom (blacks in the balcony), it becomes clear that Robinson is innocent.  Equally clear is that the alleged victim (a friendless young white woman) made a pass at Robinson, her roughneck father saw it, beat his daughter in a rage, and then pressed false charges against Robinson.  Thus the story examines taboo subjects of interracial sex and white womanhood, plus social isolation, family violence, even drug addition.  Remember this book arrived in 1960, when certain subjects went undiscussed and the still-segregated South had poll tests and openly racist lawmakers.  As one might expect, Robinson stands little chance with the all-white jury, but hope may exist via appeal.  The story thus continues in riveting fashion, with varying plot lines and climaxes.Author Harper Lee (born 1926) based her story on childhood events and neighbors from her native Monroeville, Alabama.  To her surprise the book became a bestseller and was soon adapted into the powerful 1962 film.  And the book still inspires censorship and controversy a half century later.  Some say it portrays blacks as unrealistically timid, others say it's unfair to white southerners or wrong to use rape for controversy.  Ever more reason to read it.  I recall us liking it in high school English.  Ms. Lee never has published another novel, but this one has sold over 30 million copies in several languages."
"Anyone who gives this book a chance will absolutely love it! It starts out with childhood memories of Scout Finch that seem to be completely unrelated, but Harper Lee cleverly weaves them together to make a great novel. The novel's point of view is unique and is probably what makes this book a classic. The story is seen through the innocent eyes of a six year old, but is being retold by an older, more mature woman. This allows the novel to have more mature  language and ideas, but everything is seen through an innocent child's eyes. It's the best of both worlds, and I promise you, you'll be in tears by the end. It's a heart wrenching novel, and though it may sound repetitive, you'll love this book if you read it!"
"The recollections of a young girl in a small southern town during the depression. Harper Lee adopts a near pitch-perfect voice of 'Scout' Finch as a narrator thinking back over the events and able to summon the 8-year old Scout to help tell them.Thought often subtle, Lee keeps her eye on the subject of bigotry - bigotry of race, sex, class, education, family - and, through Scout's eyes, shines a spotlight on its cruelty and shows how the seeds are being planted for tidal changes that are on the way.It's hard to imagine a better storyteller."
I read this book several years ago and lost my copy along the way.  My book club selected it for the Oct. meeting so I ordered it from Amazon.  Haven't had time to read it again but look forward to doing so
You can't go wrong buying a classic.  This is a great book that has held up well over time.
"The book was fine, after I ordered it from Books A Million. I had ordered it from Amazon's vendor ""Warehouse Deals"", and after waiting two weeks with no books and no response to my questions to ""Warehouse Deals"" I ordered from Books A Million. On their behalf Amazon did credit my account. Still have not had a response from the seller(?)."
"Sissy Spacek draws from her Texas roots and does a subtly superb performance of Harper Lee's masterpiece of coming of age in an age of intolerance - Alabama during the Great Depression.  Harper-Collins did a superior job of producing and packaging this all-round classic, must have addition to your library.For more information about Nelle Harper Lee and how ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" came to be, I also recommend Mockingbird: A Portrait of Harper Lee /TundraVision, Amazon Reviewer"
"With deadly insight into the core of prejudice and character motivation, Harper Lee wrote ""To Kill a Mockingbird, which today is available in numerous editions and languages. 1935 is the setting of a story of a court appointed attorney, his family, their neighbors, and the world in which they live.This outstanding classic is what fine writing is all about and has been the inspiration for many young people to take up writing as their vocation. Read by all ages and used as text material in countless classrooms; it is best of middle 20th century American writing.If you've never read it, get it and do so. If you have read it, do so again for the second, third, or. . .time. Scout, Jem, Dill, Boo Radley, Atticus, and the Ladies group have the perennial freshness of a summer rain.This one tops them all. The Lexington, KY newspaper ran a page of Top Ten Book Favorite by people for all walks of life, every Sunday this summer. ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was the one book that made the majority of lists.Nash Black, author of ""Qualifying Laps"" and ""Sins of the Fathers."""
"I love this book it great literature book i never get a chance to read untilli am 31 year of age. This book is humorous, breathtaking wonderful and excellent. Fast delivery."
"I first read this book in high school, and read it again shortly after graduating college. For some reason, it never made a big impact on me. I decided to pick it up a third time this summer, and am so glad that I did. I was really moved by the story and the characters this time around. Sometimes, literature needs to come into your life at just the right time, I guess. I loved little Scout (the rambunctious tomboy), Jem (the angsty pre-teen), Atticus (the lax single parent), Boo (the enigmatic neighbor), and the rest of the cast of misfits. Such a beautifully written story, and that isn't easy to do considering the magnitude of the topics Harper Lee tackles here: racism, rape, social inequities, etc. So, my hat really goes off to her. Well done!"
"As a reader, it's difficult for me to listen to someone else's interpretation of words. This is an exceptional effort by Sissy Spacek. The flavor & nuance of Harper Lee's intention (I believe) are captured and enhanced. My thanks to both women!"
"Like fine wine, it gets better and better...It had been more than 40 years since last visiting Atticus, Scout, Jem, Tom Robinson and Boo Radney.  I had forgotten how much I loved them, how real they were, and how much they moved me...Having grown up in times like those described in the book, though not in situations as dramatic, Harper Lee and her characters helped me once again put my own life and times in perspective.An American classic?  It's more than that--it's a human classic.  We are not likely to see another like this in our lifetime.If you've read it before, it's most likely time to read it again...you will appreciate it even more and admire Harper Lee's ability to communicate matters of the heart even more....like fine wine, it gets better and better..."
"This book is so wonderful. I suggest reading it in the summer, when the book takes place.  But no matter when you read it, read it. I was born in the late 60s and this reminds me so much of hot summer days, sibling relationships, all kinds of wonderful things.  It's great for a casual read that takes you to another place.  It's also great for the deep thinking reader who loves symbolism and likes to read between the lines.  If you have not read it, you may want to get a study guide to do along with it.  I know, you are not in school! But the study guides really point out the deeper meanings, get you thinking in a new light. NO you do not need a study guide at all, I just find it adds a new element for the reader.After you read the book, see the movie!"
"nope sorry uh uh cannot do it I cannot do it.  Making fun of people because of race and killing birds is not good.  I do not believe in that and I cannot believe they wrote a book about it.  Rather superfluous and expenentially trimacidus if you ask me.  Best read on an empty stomach with a touch of lemon, and maybe with some kool aid that is shaken, not stirred."
"The most amazing thing about this book is that even though it is fiction written more than forty years ago about events that took place more than seventy years ago, it is as relevant today as it was during the Civil Rights struggles of the late 1950's. One need only to read about the Jena Six to realize that we have not come as far as we might like to think.The cover of the book says this is a story of ""growing up"" and ""human dignity"" and this is true. Harper Lee described it as a love story and this is true as well. But it is also a story of hatred and not just racial hatred. It is the story of the hatred those who are more refined feel for those below them; the hatred of those who are poor for those who are even poorer; the hatred of the poorest whites for the blacks who they feel are below them. The lowest white man in town, who is constantly drunk, lives on welfare, mistreats his children and forces them to pick through the town dump for food still expects to believed over the word of a hard-working, honest black man. And when someone refuses to believe his lies, his anger knows no bounds. It is a story of not just racial prejudice but class prejudice as well.But beneath all this hatred is a story of love and innocence and of growing up. Growing up deep in the South during the heart of the Depression, Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill learn a lesson about the hearts of men, that although there is darkness in men's souls that there is also a brightness that can be reached.Harper lee has written a beautiful and believable story. None of the characters are one-dimensional stereotypes, rather they all feel like real people. When Scout and Jem are welcomed at Calpurnia's church, when Atticus stands in front of the sheriff's office to protect Tom, when Jem must read to Mrs. Dubose as punishment for destroying her garden, when Scout, Jem, and Dill try to coax Boo Radley out of his house... each of these events build a complex story of childhood and innocence and losing innocence. At the end of the story, Scout says, ""Atticus, he was real nice..."" and Atticus replies, ""most people are, Scout, when you finally see them,"" and that is the ultimate moral of this story."
To Kill a Mockingbird is a have to read book! Harper Lee excutes this book wonderfully!! IT is extremely interesting and worth your money!! make sure you read it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I used this as my teacher copy so I could make notes on the pages and be able to READ it instead of straining to find a passage while reviewing it with my class.
"You know it, when you have had a bad day at work, so you just go home, and you pull on your favourite woollen jumper - the one where you can smell the wool mix from the last time you washed it as you slip it over your head, and curl up with your favourite book.So often to kill a mocking bird will be that book.Life-affirming, that's probably a fair description - the passage at the end of Part 1, where Atticus is explaining to Jem about Mrs Henry Lafayette Dubose and courage, is a favourite."
"Quite simply, one of the five greatest American novels ever written.  What a lesson for both children and adults, especially in this day and age."
"This book deserves to be called a classic. The story flows wonderfully and produces plot twists and turns that make it very interesting. This book obviously teaches us a great lesson on racism, but hidden is the lesson taught on fatherhood. Atticus is the type of father all men should strive to be. He is truthful, loving, and puts his neck out to teach his son good morals. Take this book for an enjoyable read and come back enlighted without even feeling that you were taught."
"Of all the books in high school that were ever required, this was one of the only two I actually did enjoy and ever read again, years after high school...  This book is captivating!"
"It seems most perspectives are learned based on personal experiences or the internalized experiences of others.The near universal narration of this book makes it accessible: a child at play, making sense of an patently imperfect and covertly hostile world.The point of view character, Scout, is a young girl, so young that behaving according to gender is something she has not yet mastered.Similarly, the concepts of poverty, racism, sexuality, and violence are unclear to her.As the story unfolds, through her eyes the reader gains (or revisits) these perspectives in a place and time that is likely at least a little different from our own - and thus the work is as insightful now as it was when it was written."
"To kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a story about a family that faces difficult times and stays loyal to their friends.  The widowed father, Atticus Finch, is a lawyer defending a black man against the accusation of the rape of a white woman.  The story is told from the perspective of finch's daughter, Scout.  It follows her, her brother, Jem, and their friend, Dill, on their childhood adventures as they transition from seeing the world through a child's eyes to awakening to the world occupied by adults.  I love this book!  It is a classic for everyone's bookshelf."
Fabulous story.  All time classic.  My favoite story ever!  I re-read this story and watch the movie at least once a year!
The book was fantastic much better than the movie that I saw many years ago.
Great book.  Hastings sent me the wrong one though.  But they gave me a full refund and let me keep the other book.  So they did a good job eventually.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless book that won the Pulitzer prize for literary fiction in 1961. First of all, it's an incredibly engrossing story that sucks you right in and brings the characters and events to life. The book is deep because it digs into really intense issues like prejudice and injustice, and gets right to the heart of the matter and the fundamental flaws in people's thinking that perpetuate injustice and the irrational fear of other groups.The story centers around Scout Finch, who is the narrator. Scout and her family live in Maycomb County, Alabama in a time of tension and extreme prejudice. The story follows Scout from home to school and the courtroom where her father works. An African American man is wrongly accused of a horrific crime, and the town becomes conflicted. Tempers flare and neighbors show their true colors until, ultimately, a real change is made."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is an interesting, moving, and overall phenomenal novel. It faces the alarming but true problems of childhood and the prejudice of the justice system in 1930's. Harper Lee's novel is not only groundbreaking, but also heartwarming, mysterious, and disturbing in the way it shows the discrimination in the Southern town of Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930's. The novel's setting and characters are brilliant due to Harper Lee's background knowledge on the many subjects covered in the book. Lee was, like Scout (the protagonist of the book a.k.a. Jean Finch) a girl living in small town Alabama in 1930's experiencing racism, with a father (Amasa Lee to Atticus Finch) who is a lawyer. Lee effectively uses her knowledge to her advantage. To Kill a Mockingbird is a first person narrative from the child's eyes of Jean (mostly referred to ""Scout"") as Finch, a poor girl who spends her time with her older brother Jem Finch. One of the main points of the book is that her knowledge of bad in the world increases throughout the book, which I found fascinating. The novel is about their life growing up, and the evil in the world, including their father's case as defending an innocent African American by the name of Tom Robinson who is accused of sexually abusing Mayella Ewell. The title, To Kill a Mockingbird, alone is excellent symbol shone throughout the book. It symbolizes the fight against good and evil. ""Mockingbird"" is a symbol for good, so the title symbolizes the many events in the story where something beautiful is killed. I do not want to mention an example though, for I do not want to spoil for those who have not read it. Lee intelligently decides to show the story through the eyes of a child, and with this smart choice, we get to experience the horrors of racism in an interesting, effective, way. For the child's increasing knowledge of the evil in the world is amazing. The book accurately depicts the mind of a child so precise reading the book felt like being a small child again and learning about the world. Normally, this paragraph I would have reserved for the cons of the book, but I have sat thinking long enough to realize that the book has none, other than the fact that I sometimes (very, very occasionally) dozed off, but that can be blamed on my attention which is equivalent to a small stone, and not the book. This is no doubt the most interested I have been when reading a book in 2 years. To Kill a Mockingbird is an excellent classic tale of humor, evil, innocence, discrimination, and more. Harper Lee's setting, story, and characters all extremely real feeling and fascinating. I highly recommend this book.-James"
"Searching and ordering this book was made very easily, I had a wide variety to choose from. The cost was very inexpensive especially that I needed to order 3 books at one time. I received my order sooner than expected and in excellent condition. My daughter loves this book!"
"This story is a classic because it continues to resonate with its readers/watchers no matter what decade or century one lives in.I first read Harper Lee's novel in my ninth grade English class. It had a profound effect upon me. Growing up in Utah where everyone was pretty White I hadn't really thought about racism, I mean, I knew it existed, but I'd never been exposed to it either personally or in literature. So when I read this novel it allowed me to enter that world where it exists (I know it exists everywhere), but where it actually brought me into a world that dealt with it culturally as part of daily life. I remember while reading how appalled I was at the ignorance and hatefulness of these characters. I remember feeling akin to Scout and her brother and friend during their summer excursions and wondering who Boo was. I remember feeling injustice and sorrow and a desire to do my part to make the world better.So once again I feel a classic is a story that gets me thinking about the world, my own prejudices and how I am pulled out of my comfort zone. To Kill a Mockingbird is just such a story. It is beautifully told through the eyes of a small girl and allowed me to see the events in a different view.I was very surprised that this movie came out in 1962 since the Civil Rights Movement was still in its infancy. All of the actors did a superb job, especially Gregory Peck as Atticus and Robert Duvall as Boo Radley. The book is usually better, but I still felt the impact of the story in movie form. Thus, both have impacted me and continue to do so each and every time I read/watch this beautiful and poignant story."
"This is not only MY all time favorite book, but also the all time favorite book of my 14 year old daughter and my 9 year old son."
"My mother bequeathed her 1962 college edition hardcover to me in 1988, four years after I finished high school. It would be four more years before I myself went away to school, though I knew the story nearly by heart by then.I reread Mockingbird every year at Eastertime, though I am not particularly religious, nor do I mark this time in any other particularly hopeful way. Many true bibliophiles I know still talk about this book and the way it changed them forever.It deserves better than to be assigned reading to captive 6th and 10th graders. They read it then because they have to, not because some kind librarian or insightful teacher, or intuitive parent, sends it their way, like a lucky charm.I am not a Southerner and unless you can call a Western New York born mother and an Owensboro, Kentucky bred father any sort of meaningful Southern influence in my life, I do not know why this story fits my life so well. It filled a need I never even knew was there until I closed its covers on first reading it.I am a fan of both the writing and its message, its dual edged sword of hope and sorrow, the tragicomic aspect of its mood and setting.I wanted to be Scout as a tomboy girl and when grown, to be Atticus; my cats have borne those monikers well.I only wish my husband had not told me I could not name my own son after my hero.A rare case where the movie and its inspiration are as beloved as its author, To Kill a Mockingbird, N words and all, needs to be read more---and not just as some lame excuse for a paper writing exercise. Scout, Jem and Dill come alive in these pages. They have meaning in their world and in this one.The dialogue, minus a few colloquiallisms, is readable and real. You will laugh out loud at times when Scout makes her mind known to you.You'll wish Atticus was a real man. Maybe you'll even feel a little guilty about wanting him to replace your father in real life.And Tom Robinson? He'll break your heart. He should.I was once told my Coleman family had some relation to Harper Lee's father's family and, if that bit of fiction has even the remotest grain of truth to it, I am even happier now than I was just having imagined it.PLEASE READ THIS BOOK."
"When I first read the book at age 12, my mother had made me read it.  But as I really got into the meat of the story, I found that I really liked it.  About a year ago I read it but i like it so much that decided to write a good review for it.  I highly reccomend this book for the younger people because it includes action, and not just boring facts like some other books.  To Kill A Mocking Bird isn't just for middle aged people, it is good for all ages old enough to read the book.  I think that you, the customer, should read this book.  It  is wonderfully written.  Harper Lee really knows how to properly present a book in its best format."
"I read the book To Kill A Mockingbird for an English project.I was surprised at how this book really turned out because at first i didden't like it and it was hard for me to get into. It is set in the 1930's in Alabama. It tells the story of Scout and Jem and what their childhood was like during the Great Depression. Their father is a lawyer of Maycomb, Alabama, who is defending a black man who is accused of committing a crime.It turnes out that the father is really on his side though.  To Kill A Mockingbird is is a piece of history that deals with racesim and childhood innocence.I would give this book a good rating."
I really wondered if hearing someone read this book would destroy the tone I had in my mind from having read it myself. My expectations were exceeded.  I LOVED hearing this book.  I have not enjoyed any other reader as much as Sissy Spacek.  She gave subtle intonations to each person's voice so it was easy to forget she was reading and I would just hear the story--exactly what you want when listening to a book!
"After looking at many of the reviews for this book (not nearly all 1600+ however!) I hesitated to write because I mostly agree with many of the characterizations and high praise for ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" and praise for Harper Lee. I had to think about what I could possibly add to the mix - and I hope this review isn't too repetitious.I just finished re-reading the novel a few days ago (after nearly 40 years!) and am still feeling an emotionally charged afterglow. It is a combination of warm regard for the characters and a somewhat homesick yearning to return to the roots of the book - Maycomb, AL, and know the people better.As I thought about what might be affecting me so strongly it occurred to me that Harper Lee, I think, may have written a novel with character archetypes so strong and compelling that a person is wrapped up in it as if the story is their own. And not only that. Although the book has a great plot, story line, drama, suspense, mystery, social conscience, etc. It is really only about one thing. Love. It is written with love and it illustrates love in a world where those illustrations are like oases in a hot, dry desert.The character of Atticus Finch, for example, is an exemplary model of a loving father, neighbor, friend and shows this quality not only in the way he treats others, but even in the way he thinks about others. Yet, he also exhibits unquestionable strength and courage.I take away from this novel (and hope others will too) a model of behavior that I would like to emulate - or at least to aspire to.So, if you have a chance, drink this refreshing story and quench that thirst for knowledge of what it means to love. It is here."
This is an amazing book. It should be part of a required reading list for speakers of the English language. A Classic
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was a best selling novel soon after its initial publication, won the Pulitzer Prize, and is considered a classic of American literature.  I first read the book as a freshman in high school and fell in love with the story almost immediately.  Harper Lee didn't just create a cast of unforgettable full-rounded characters, including Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, and Boo Bradley that have become a part of a cultural conscious, but she also wove a memorable tale that exposed the evils of racism, as well as other societal ills from child abuse to the flaws of our public education system.The story takes place during the Great Depression in Maycomb, Alabama and is told from the perspective of Jean Louis Finch, aka Scout.  Scout has an older brother named Jem.  Their mother is deceased and they call their father by his first name, Atticus.  He is a lawyer and a respected citizen of the community.  The Finch family undergoes some difficult challenges when Atticus is selected as the defense attorney for a young black man named Tom Robinson who is accused of raping a poor, white woman.  The case rocks the community and becomes somewhat sensational and changes the lives of everyone involved with it.Having reread TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD, I was once again touched by the beautiful simplicity of the novel.  The characters are authentic and drawn from real life.  The novel is set in the Depression, but the characters could have come from any small town in America.  Having lived and been raised in a small town I notice many similarities between the place of my youth and the town of Maycomb, Alabama as Scout describes it.  That doesn't mean that people raised in an urban setting will be unable to relate to the novel, because they can and often do.  The novel has a universal message and story.  That's why it's a classic and is a book that all Americans should read at least once in their lives."
"This is a great book about predudice, femanist(a little), and most importantly innocence! If you are reading this book you are proboly thinking, what the heck, where did the mockingbird part come from. Well here you go, I'll save you a couple of hours thinking about this book trying to read between the lines... To kill a mockingbird first appears when Atticus Finch{did you get the Finch part, as in the bird} tells the kids that they can kill as many blue jays as the want, but to remember that to kill a mockingbird is a sin. Scout asks Mrs.Maudie why it is a sin to kill a mockingbird and she said it is because they don't do anything but sing theire heart out for us! If you still don't completley understand, mockingbird means innocence. It also comes when a newspaper ad is put in the paper about killing crippled, and lastly when scout tells atticus that to try Boo Radley would be like shooting a mockingbird! That's what I got from reading between the lines, but it you got something different feel free to post your opinions!"
"If you like a slow calm plot but a great moral I highly reccomend this book.  It is very slow, and ordinary life in an ordinary town but has a great powerful message."
"I am halfway thru this book and it is a wonderful read (no news here). Bought a used book, arrived eventually, but serving its purpose."
"This is truly one of the best novels ever written, period. Every single person in this country should be required to read it. And, no, the movie is not anywhere near as great as the book!"
I read this book years ago in my highschool freshmon Literature class. it was amazing then and the values held are still held todya. This is one of thoes books that you keep forever becuase it will stay with you that long.
"After years and years of hearing about this book, I finally read it and was NOT disappointed.  It is a classic for good reason.  Great story for the young and old."
Sissy Spacek does a masterful job of reading this American literature classic. Harper Lee's novel is clearly one of the best of the 20th century and Sissy Spacek's audio performance is worthy of such a classic. An absolute delight.
"For a couple of glorious weeks, I looked forward to the thirty-five minute drive to and from work as I listened to or rather relived this powerful story, a book I first read in high school. Traffic jams were welcomed.Miss Spacek gives a gentle but powerful rendition, bringing the characters  from a small Alabama town in the 1930' to life. I'm always amazed and curious how one person can capture the myriad of people of both sexes, young and old and of different races and accents. I could envision the town and its inhabitants while listening to Miss Spacek's masterful understated performance.For those few not familiar with the basic plot, I refer you to the excellent review by David Evans on December 28, 2006."
"I read this in school as a kid and now I bought a great old used copy to give to my daughter. I only hope she will take away from it the same lesson I did and just a side note it says the ""N"" word over 30 times. I had a hard time dealing with that even the first time I read it but it wouldn't be the same without it. I hope one day we can reach an understanding that this word isn't needed and infact should be outlawed from use. I hope that there will come a time when the only time a word like this is used is in old books and about different times."
This is a great book with deep meaning!  A great read!
"Harper Lee wrote an inspirational classic in ""To Kill a Mockinbird"". She breathed life into the moral struggle of those torn between the traditions of their culture and the quiet voice of conscience. It isn't an easy story and there is no conventional happy ending. It is therefore true to life but it is a book that gives hope. Its characters live and breathe in all their wonderful complexity and Sissy Spacek brings them from the page to our ears in a remarkable tour de force. Her soft southern accent takes us straight to the heart of the characters and she builds the atmosphere of the time beautifully. The art of story telling is not dead as long as Ms Spacek exercises her craft. My 16 year old son and I listened to her each morning on the 30 minute school run and could not wait to hear the next segment. This is well worth purchasing."
"""Shoot at all the blue jays you want but remember, it's a sin to kill a mockingbird"" In most cases, this quote would not move anyone, it is a few simple words but in the south when words of cruelty and racism were a way of life, it is an inspirational story for young adults and older. It's a realistic fiction book and I loved it, although it's a bit slow at the beginning, it picks up towards the end and it has a wonderful meaning. To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is Scout's story, in her point of view, and her family's trying to fight racism in the south. Everything was going fine until the day Atticus (scout's father) is assigned to defend a black man for the rape of a white woman. Things get personal for their family when people start to realize that Tom Robinson (accused of rape) might win his case.  People begin to threaten the family and threats are even made on Atticus's life. This is a story that makes you realize what was going on in the south, even after slavery was over, when racism and inhumanity were still going strong."
this is a brilliant teachhing tool.  I found that it actually cuts down on the amount of time that would have spent reading the text.  My students loved the accent and were able to folllow in their text.  This promoted interest among the students. It actually made my job easier.  This is fantastic highly recommendedgeorgia
"There is a reason that this book is extremely popular, and now that I've finally had a chance to read it, I know why: I consider it to be one of the most well-written books I ever stumbled upon.Lee's writing is so precise and sharp that it makes me wonder exactly how long it took her to come up with the first idea of the story, and then finally to have turned in the final draft for publishing.  A story with characters like this could take years to write.For those who have never had the privilege of reading this masterpiece, do not overestimate this book by its mass popularity; unlike the countless books out there that are popular, no matter how bad they really are, Lee's book continues to thrive in both classrooms and bookstores alike because of the universal lessons it has to teach.It can be enjoyed by both the young and the old, but I suggest that you wait till you're older to read it, as the mind may not be able to fully appreciate it until it is well seasoned."
"To Kill a Mockingbird The book To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee won the Pulitzer Prize in 1961. It's about two children in the 1930s going through the hardship of their father's losing battle in court.  Jem, Scout and their friend Dill, spend their summers getting up to something. But as a controversial court case arises, they have to deal with derogatory terms and  the fact that the case is doomed. Atticus, Jem and Scout's dad, has to defend a black man who is accused of raping a woman.  It will take a miracle to show the town the innocence of this man. Lee is a great author and it shows in her work. The language Lee uses is appropriate for a southern town of the 1930s. She also describes the characters very well, and gives a good background of them all. Forty-eight years since the book was published, and it's still a favorite among many. This book is good for readers who like suspense and good morals.By Kevin"
"Oh, this is literary perfection.  There is no more beautifully simplistic portrayal of childhood and its inherent responsibility to understand the complicated adult world that surrounds it.  In my estimation, we will never surpass the moral tale in this treasure.  It makes me want to be Atticus, Jem, Scout...even Tom, because of the self command that he portrays, or Boo, because of his ultimate normality and heroism...each charactar is rich and worthy of our attention, love, admiration.  This is my all time favorite American classic."
"Some books so fluidly transcend the stories they contain that the characters and setting almost become incidental to the universal themes they express without contrivance. Such a book exists in Harper Lee's masterful 1960 novel, one of the most revered pieces of fiction this country has ever produced. Set in rural, Depression-era Alabama, it is a classic coming-of-age story about a precocious nine-year old tomboy named Scout. What she experiences is palpable in the virulent racism surrounding the persecution of Tom Robinson, a black man unjustly accused of raping Mayella, the abused white daughter of an unrepentant bigot, Bob Ewell. Representing Tom in court is Atticus Finch, Scout's father and the moral compass of the story.The plot moves toward a deepening exploration of the intractable conflict between tolerance and ignorance and how the pre-existing environment of hatred and mistrust makes innocent people guilty by pure circumstance. Scout embodies these themes within her own journey toward womanhood and her questions of what society expects of her. Through the travails of Tom and the town's outcast, Boo Radley, and primarily through her father's example, Scout recognizes how innate goodness can exist even in the direst circumstances. Likely because the story is semi-autobiographical, Lee is able to vividly capture the rural south and the pervasive mindset during the Depression with spellbinding accuracy. Yet for all that, the book's lasting legacy has more to do with Lee's particular lierary gift in bringing a genuine universality to her themes.Other characters weave in and out of the story - including Dill, Scout's wannabe boyfriend and the Truman Capote doppelganger - and each plays a key role in shaping the novel's core conflicts. I have to say that the author's particular literary strengths come to the fore in her empathetic depictions of the evolving relationships between these characters, for example, Scout and her father Atticus, Scout and her brother Jem, the children and Boo. Nothing seems extraneous in the story Lee tells, no small feat for a 336-page novel. She brings intense emotion to her prose, especially in describing the uncontrollable fury created by racial hatred and false accusations, for instance, in the lynch mob scene before the trial and in the vengeful attack on the children. The timing of the book's original 1960 publication turned out to be prescient, as the Civil Rights movement was just becoming national in scope thanks to the efforts of Martin Luther King and his brethren. Even if you have seen the masterful 1962 film, you owe it to yourself to read Lee's literary masterwork and sadly the only novel she ever wrote."
"I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird on the basis that when searching for a good fictional piece to read, I think its necessary to find a complex story combined with articulate writing for it to remain engrossing.  Lee achieves this by offering a narrative filled with multiple story lines as well as frequently dealing with adult concepts depicted through the mind of a eight year old.To Kill a Mockingbird offers some consideration to the notion that the nature of one's choices does not necessarily encompass one's true worth.  To draw such a conclusion from the unbiased naiveté of a child is a mere example of the eloquent and perceptive nature of this book.I would recommend reading this book to anyone with an open mind and a sincere interest in human reflection."
My daughters are reading this book for a school assignment and they are finding it as relevant to them today as I found it when I read it at their age.  A classic...
"To Kill a Mocking Bird Being recognized as one of the greatest pieces of American literature in the twentieth century, stating To Kill a Mocking Bird is fantastic, should go without saying. I recommend whoever is considering reading this doesn't try to figure everything they can about the book before they do so. It's better to into on a clean slate. Some references and lifestyles may be shocking but one must remember where, and when it takes place. Reading novels from today's biggest names in literature, its clear many are influenced by Harper Lee. Lacking clear violence, true love, and other huge themes seen in books and movie now a days, some may say its boring but reading thoroughly, one can see the painful conflict and romance in its pages. In summary, this piece may in some ways be offensive, but it reflects history, unjust prosecution, and the truth of the world."
I loved re-reading this book.  It has been and always will be one of my favorites.  All the characters are so rich and memorable.
"This truly is the most beautiful, profound,brilliant, redolent with meaning book i have ever read. Harper Lee's candid statement that, i quote, said"" i intended this to be a simple love story"" amuses me . it is so much more, exemplifying racial inequities, preconcieved notions and their detrimental effects on society, A keen love with the disabled, and so much more. This novel is what stimulated me to read every possible erudite literary work in existence. lee's cadence resonates throughout every page of the book. a must read."
"This book came out at a time when ""civil rights"" was first beginning to seep into mainstream American conversations. It was an uncomfortable subject, and had to be addressed with tact and diplomacy.I feel that due to the publication of this book, and its rapid transformation into a feature film, the Civil Rights Act was passed in 1964.To Kill A Mockingbird was a striking statement made by Nelle Harper Lee, an Alabama native whose father was for most of his life a typical Southerner with typical Southern attitudes towards African Americans, According to Lee, this novel, her only one, is to remain a snapshot of the South, as it was during her youth, on the verge of it's first reluctant steps away from the shadows of its past.Part One of the book is purely expository. All of the characters and the tenor of Maycomb, Alabama are thoroughly established. Part Two deals with a trial that laid out the basic injustice being practiced on a daily basis by the townspeople, and the epiphanies experienced thereafter by the narrator and her young brother.In the end, this book is about compassion. The acquisition of compassion, in my opinion, is the litmus test every young adult must pass in order to reach a productive and happy adulthood. This book, taken with the right context, is a wonderful stepping stone for anyone needing an introductory course in compassion.After reading this book, everyone would gladly have Scout as a friend, and Atticus as a father. The author outdid herself with this contribution, and that fact, sadly, made To Kill a Mockingbird, her only contribution to the Great Conversation."
"Anyone who has seen the movie starring Gregory Peck knows how moving this story of racial hate and redemption is.  Reading the book is like savoring a long gourmet meal when famished, with the added benefit of not feeling stuffed.I boiught the book whenit was first published.  I bought it now to allow a granddaughter the same pleasure.  Unfortunately she had not received it, because Amazon has not shipped it.Joseph P. Ritz, author of ""I Never Looked for My Mother and Other Rerets of a Journalist."""
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is an exceptional story, one of the highest quality and Sissy Spacek was the perfect choice to narrate.  I recommend  this book to young and old alike, but would not recommend it for young children."
I read it in high school and both of my children have read it for a grade. We love it. My daughter cried towards the end. This book is a keeper.
"This version is almost as good as the one narrated by Roses Pritchard. It seems to move at a slower pace and lack the dynamic quality of the other version.  Still, it is To Kill a Mockingbird and you can't go wrong with that."
"I bought this CD to help my daughter with her exam revision, although she had already read the book, the audio cd was just enough to help her gain an 'A' in her mock GCSE exam."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird follows the life of a girl in a small rural town. Many things happen over the span of the book. There is a little of everything in this book including suspense, romance, death, and action. The story itself starts out slowly by explaining the background of the main characters and their town. New characters are introduced in most chapters until the middle of the book. As the new characters are introduced, their history and background information are also given.  I liked how descriptive the author was while writing this story. I was able to easily visualize most of the characters and even the buildings. The personalities of each character is very livid and leaves an impression allowing you to remember who is who. Despite the many names and people involved, I was able to recall the events in general. This is because most events in the story are important as they each tell give the main characters more and more depth. Each event and character slowly builds up to the climax of the story subtly.  The things I didn't like about this book is how the beginning is a bit confusing. The beginning of the story confused me as I didn't really know who the main character was until a few chapters later. Also, some characters I feel were important were never mentioned again after a couple of chapters. I myself like science fiction books but this book was able to keep my attention due because of it's amazing story. Overall it was a good book despite the fact this is not the usual genre of books I read."
"This is the story about a girl in the 1930s, named Scout. As she grows, learns about the evilness of the world such as racism, stereotypes, gossips, unfairness, etc. by observing her surroundings.I do not like this book that much, but 5 stars is definently deserved of this great work. Very well-written, and of course, a classic."
"My wife and I listened to the cassette on an auto trip to Oregon to visit with our grandsons. Although we had read the book before, the audio tapes made the miles fly by thanks to Sissy Spacek."
"I am going through my all time list of classic reads I never did. This is a whisical tale of American teenage growing pains. Sadly, I found the style is a bit grating (sorry!). I think it would be more poignant if I were American."
"In her unique classic Harper Lee depicts the Southern Society of the 1930s through the eyes and words of Scout. Jean-Louise ""Scout"" Finch is a six-year old girl who hates school but loves to read. She is a tomboy who enjoys playing with her brother Jem and their friend Dill, while avoiding every lady-like behavior. Atticus, Jem's and Scout's father is an unusually moralistic lawyer who raises his children with modernity and devotion. It is only after the trial of the ""mockingbird"" that Scout and Jem come to realize the meaning behind Atticus' teachings. They transgress the innocence and simplicity of childhood and view the surrounding world and individuals with deeper realization and understanding. To Kill a Mockingbird explores virtue and vice as they coexist both on personal levels and in the larger social realm and as they relate to surrounding influences. Although a bit preachy (applying and imploring a plethora of unrealistic idealizations) Mockingbird remains a beautifully written novel entwining a powerful yet touching theme."
"Having seen the excellent film adaptation, I felt the need to fill one of the many holes in my literary knowledge and read this classic book. I had trouble finding the time, so I compromised and listened to the unabridged audiobook narrated by Sissy Spacek (published by Caedmon). Her accent is perfect and her reading is excellent.The story is a marvelous coming-of-age tale: it has delicious, comfortable prose, delightful and funny vignettes of a young girl growing up in a Southern town in an age of change, and two powerful and engaging subplots. One deals with respect and kindness - that of Arthur Radley - and one deals with race relations and integrity (and at one point brought me to almost-tears). The character of Atticus Finch, the narrator's father, is a paragon of integrity just human enough to be real. The characters in this novel are wonderfully rich. If you haven't experienced To Kill a Mockingbird or if you'd like to experience a wonderful re-interpretation, I highly recommend this audiobook."
"We had to read this book before eigth grade and at first I was unwilling to read it. When I finally picked it up I read it in one day. It is a pretty thin book, and I don't know why people have trouble with it. Maybe it is the language. If you read enough fantasy and fantasy writing books you will start to understand more dialects of the english language, at least when written. My advice to anyone who is having difficulties with the language is to either take a break from the book and read it in bits(you have probably read too much at once and the words are going fuzzy and your brain is not comprehending things that would normally be simple). You could also try looking up the words that are hard online or reading a book that explains this one as there are many out there.Still this is definately a book to read and if you are like me a fairly easy read and a book you cannot and will not put down. My parents got a bit frustrated with me for this and my mom read the book just to find out what was so interesting that I would not come outside."
"This is my favorite book of all time!  I had to read it for a 7th grade school project 17 years ago and I was soooo dreading it!  But, as it would turn out, I ended up loving the book and going to purchase one of my own the day after I finished it.  I have had the book ever since and I re-read it at least once or twice a year!"
"you may think that a kid under the age of 13 would not be able to grasp all of the concepts in To Kill a Mockingbrid,well- you'de be wrong!! about a month ago, we finished reading Lee's classic in English class. along the way we had discussions. the discussions arose emotion and strong opinions we were deeply moved by Tom Robinson's struggles. this book teaches you not to take things for grantite it also deals with real life- the characters are great and seem real. you do not think that you are reading about Jem Finch, but rather your own older brother-even if you dont have one!!!!- thats how real it is"
"In the book ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", Harper Lee shows how an Alabaman family really works and it shows how a town, Maycomb County, in Alabama would work in 1935. The setting of this story takes place in Southern Alabama in a small town called Maycomb County in the 1930's.  This story took place a while ago but you can still see how it relates to our world today in the way that the houses and buildings are scary or fascinating. A man named Tom Robinson is convicted of a horrible crime.  This one accusation will stir the entire city.  In a trial with a black man and a white man, the white man will always win at this time because of how out of proportion racism is. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has many fascinating characters like Dill, Jem and Scout.  Scout plays an important part in the story as she shows these things through her eyes as a seven-year-old girl.  Jem is Scouts older brother and she always has looked up to him.  And Dill, the boy that comes at summer, comes to visit with his friends. The biggest theme in this story is racism.  The kids don't even realize this is happening.  They think that this is the way that they are suppose to act because every one around them is acting this way and this is the way that they were brought up. Today, in this world an innocent man, wouldn't be accused because of his race in a court, but if you want to know what's going to happen to Tom Robinson with his jury, and with Scout, Jem, Dill and Boo in all of their lives then you'll have to read the book."
"Book Review: To Kill a MockingbirdBy Editor: Martez Claybren  How can u kill a mockingbird? This is probably one of the most important metaphorical statementsin all of American literature. Set in the deep south, To Kill a Mockingbird is the story of a young southern bell, by the name of Scout, sorting out the 3 most important years of her young life. Written in the first-person point of view, She tells the tale of her family fighting against tradition and going against strict racial morals in the small town of Maycomb, Alabama. She delivers the message of how for one period in time, she was apart of something different; being able to fight the will of the masses, and moving out of her comfort zone to be able to act on real moral truth, honesty, and courage.  The 3 instances in which mocking birds are mentioned in the book, it is too emphasize on the killing of true heroes who stand for the morals that we all strive to act on. Every character in this novel has a very important role in the book, and i learned a lesson from them all. The story is full of suspense  , drama, and laughter, and it all ends in a gut-wrenching conclusion that was made for hollywood  I would personally recommend this book, if for nothing else, at least for another one to add to the classics. This book is one for the ages, and if u don't learn anything while reading To Kill a Mockingbird, then at least you will get a great English lesson on how a classic is really written."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is an interesting book that shows how life was in Alabama during the 1930's.  Told from the view of a little girl who is unaware of how racism affects society.  She shows us how even today we are still unaware of racism.The bookis set in a small southern town of Maycomb, Alabama during a time of extreme prejudice and racism.The main theme, racism, comes alive during the trial of an innocent black man, Tom Robinson.  Being accused of rapeing a white woman puts Tom in a predicament that no man wants to be in.Jean Louise or Scout, as she is called by her brother Jem, is the main character and the one telling the the story.  Dill is a little boy who comes to Maycomb every summer, and quickly beocmes friends with Jem and Scout.  Atticus is Jem and Scout's father, and is the lawyer apointed to reperesent Tom Robinson in his trial.I highly rocommend this book to anyone who is mature enough for the harsh language.  To find out about what happens to Tom Robinson you'll just have to read the book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is an interesting book that shows how life was in Alabama during the 1930's.  Told from the view of a little girl who is unaware of how racism affects society.  She shows us how even today we are still unaware of racism.The bookis set in a small southern town of Maycomb, Alabama during a time of extreme prejudice and racism.The main theme, racism, comes alive during the trial of an innocent black man, Tom Robinson.  Being accused of rapeing a white woman puts Tom in a predicament that no man wants to be in.Jean Louise or Scout, as she is called by her brother Jem, is the main character and the one telling the the story.  Dill is a little boy who comes to Maycomb every summer, and quickly beocmes friends with Jem and Scout.  Atticus is Jem and Scout's father, and is the lawyer apointed to reperesent Tom Robinson in his trial.I highly rocommend this book to anyone who is mature enough for the harsh language.  To find out about what happens to Tom Robinson you'll just have to read the book."
"It was a hot summer in the year of 1935 in the city of Maycomb, Alabama. When a brave man named Atticus Finch stood up and defended a black man named Tom Robinson in a fictional book called To Kill a Mockingbird.A little girl named Scout and her brother named Jem always have had fun in the city of Maycomb. There was also a man named Boo Radley who never came out of his house and everyone seemed to have wondered why he never came out his house.Atticus, Jem and Scout's dad is a defense lawyer for the city of Maycomb and being brave and ending up defending a black man accused of rape. Because nobody wants to see him win the trial because he is a black man and back then black men never would have anything.I personally liked this book because you would never know what is going to happen next it is like a surprise birthday party and also it has a really good ending but it really is expected that back then the black person would never win even if the evidence shows that he is innocent which spoils the book.I think you should buy this book or if it is sitting around the house pick it up and read it because you have a fun time reading it, even if you do not like to read you should still read it. It also gives you a good idea of what the 1930s were like."
"12/19/06  To Kill a Mockingbird Book ReviewIntro:  I believe this book gives you a direct feeling of what the segregation andthe society was in Alabama in the 1930's. I author gives you the story through theperspective of a young girl.Setting:  The book takes place in southern Alabama in Maycomb County whereeverybody knows everybody. The people of the town are all white and the blackslive outside the town. The town is very small with not a lot of wealthy people.Theme: The theme To Kill a Mockingbird, is represented in the Character TomRobinson because Mockingbirds are innocent like Tom Robinson. In the townof all whites in the 1930's being black was almost a crime itself.Characters:  Tom Robinson, Mr. Ewell, Dill, Scout, Jem, Atticus, Calpurnia,Nathan Radley and Boo Radley, and Miss. Maudie and the Main Characters of thestory. Tom Robinson was a black man accused of rape by Mayella Ewell sentto jail then got murdered in jail for a crime he didn't commit in the first place.Plot:  Character Mayella Ewell was a very young girl that didn't get muchattention from the people of the town except from Tom Robinson, whohelped her with things around the house. The two kept on seeing eachother until one day she came onto Tom Robinson, but Tom was a marriedman so he wouldn't dare cheat on his wife. However, when he resist shescreamed and accused Tom of rape and sent him through a ridiculous trialwhich sent him to jail where his was later murdered.Conclusion/ Recommendation:  After the trail people went back to their oldways Atticus was the State Legislature, Mr. Ewell still was harassingblack people, and Boo Radley still kept to himself. I recommend this book foranybody all ages."
"The dusty roads and the barren land was home for Scout Finch, a young white girl narrating this timeless classic, To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. Growing up in the scorching heat of Maycomb County, Alabama, may be hard for Scout, her headstrong brother Jem, and their wise friend from Meridian, Mississippi, Dill, but throughout the story the kids have many good times.In the small town, everybody knows a little about each family except for the Radleys. Even though the Radleys live close to the Finches, all the kids ever hear about them was deranged rumors of their child, Boo. Dill was especially interested in trying to find out who Boo Radley really was. The kids invent a lot of stories about Boo, but will they ever get to see him?Scout and Jem's father, Atticus Finch, was my favorite character in this story. The voice of knowledge and reason came from Atticus, who was a role model not only to me, but also to his son Jem. Atticus was a lawyer for the town who believed that no matter what race, there should be an equality within a courthouse, which will be proven when Tom Robinson, a black man who was accused of raping a white girl. Atticus has to muster all his strength to win this case because the jury and the whole town against him. Will Atticus ring true or will racial injustice win this case, read To Kill a Mockingbird to find out.Racial injustice was huge in this book, being in 1935 slavery is abolished but not all of the white people respect black people yet and sometimes took advantage of the black people's nice intentions. The black people were the scapegoat of many of the white people's misfortune when they didn't know whom to blame. Even in the court, where the color of your skin shouldn't matter, there is a big bias with black people. Hopefully Atticus's loyalty to Tom Robinson will bring a wind of change to the community of Maycomb County.In a town where everything is changing, even Jem and Scout as they get older and hit puberty, a line is crossed in Tom Robinson's court case, but by whom? To Kill a Mockingbird sends every reader back in time so they can witness how far we have come from the 1930's and how racist our country was then. Harper Lee does an excellent job at describing even the minute details in an eight year olds life. If you want to know what happens to Scout, Jem and Dill in this thrilling novel pick up a copy today."
"Jack LewandowskiTo Kill a Mockingbird Review Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is a story that symbolizes life in southern Alabama in the early 1930's during a time of the Great Depression but also time of racism. The story is told in the perspective of an eight year old girl named Scout Finch. She discusses her views on a very important topic, racism. Scout is a curious girl who along with her brother, Jem, is fixated on her neighbor, Boo Radley. Boo is a strange man who has spent almost all of his life inside his house and never comes outdoors. Scout unsuccessfully tries to meet Boo Radley many times. Atticus Finch, Scout's father, represents moral values and justice in this story. Atticus is chosen to defend Tom Robinson, a black man, in a trial where Tom was accused of raping a white woman. Atticus does what is right and accepts this challenge and puts his whole heart into this case. He knew it would be very hard for him to persuade an all white jury not to convict this black man of rape, but he does not let this stop him. This appeal was not just a simple rape trial it exemplified racism in the world of the 1930's. Atticus does more than expected, he tries not only to win his case but break a barrier between whites and blacks. This is a timeless novel that will always be viewed as one of the greatest story ever written. It symbolized hope for many and also symbolized an end to world of racism."
"As soon as I read the first page I felt like I was a part of the story. The narrator Scout makes you want to Jump right in.  Harper Lee did a fantastic job with making sure the reader would not get bored or lose interest in the begging.  Witch is a good thing because I am one of those readers who get bored easily.  This is a book for kids who are mature enough to handle the racial comments and actions. This wonderful story takes place in 1935 in the fictional town Maycomb.  Which is located in Alabama?  The seasons vary so you get a good idea of what they do during each season which makes for some pretty interesting events.  This is a very small town so everyone knows each other.  There is nothing that goes on in the town that everyone doesn't know about. The main characters in this story are Scout who is a little girl who is very much a tomboy.  But she becomes very much a lady by the end of the story.  She is also the narrator of the story.  There is Jem the big brother.  He is very responsible and smart.  He is the one who makes sure the two of them stay out of trouble.  Then there is there father Atticus.  He is on the smartest and nicest people in the book.  He is a defense attorney.  He gives the children a lot of freedom and treats them like adults.  Then there is Boo, he is the man who lives down the street that never comes out because his family hides him from the world.  They do this because he is mentally retarded.  Next there is Mr. Ewell; he is like the low life of the town.  He is considered white trash and is a drunken slob. Then finally there is Tom Robinson, who is African American.  He was a very nice and extremely hard working.  He is just trying to make enough money to support is family because at that point in time blacks were the lowest on the social scale. The plot of this story is a big court trail.  This trail is being help because Mayella Ewell accused Tom of rapping her and beating her.  Atticus comes to Tom's aid as his Attorney.  While Tom is waiting to be tried and angry mob comes and tries to lynch Tom but the Kids come to his aid.  Atticus puts on a great show in the court room it almost seem like Tom cant be guilty, but you will have the read the book if you want to see what happens.  The theme of the story is to protect the innocent when you know they are right. In conclusion I have told you about what I thought of the book, where it took place, the main characters, the plot, and finally the theme.  I hope with all of this information I have shared with you will help make up your mind whether you want to read it or not. So remember to never kill a mockingbird."
"As soon as I read the first page I felt like I was a part of the story. The narrator Scout makes you want to Jump right in.  Harper Lee did a fantastic job with making sure the reader would not get bored or lose interest in the begging.  Witch is a good thing because I am one of those readers who get bored easily.  This is a book for kids who are mature enough to handle the racial comments and actions. This wonderful story takes place in 1935 in the fictional town Maycomb.  Which is located in Alabama?  The seasons vary so you get a good idea of what they do during each season which makes for some pretty interesting events.  This is a very small town so everyone knows each other.  There is nothing that goes on in the town that everyone doesn't know about. The main characters in this story are Scout who is a little girl who is very much a tomboy.  But she becomes very much a lady by the end of the story.  She is also the narrator of the story.  There is Jem the big brother.  He is very responsible and smart.  He is the one who makes sure the two of them stay out of trouble.  Then there is there father Atticus.  He is on the smartest and nicest people in the book.  He is a defense attorney.  He gives the children a lot of freedom and treats them like adults.  Then there is Boo, he is the man who lives down the street that never comes out because his family hides him from the world.  They do this because he is mentally retarded.  Next there is Mr. Ewell; he is like the low life of the town.  He is considered white trash and is a drunken slob. Then finally there is Tom Robinson, who is African American.  He was a very nice and extremely hard working.  He is just trying to make enough money to support is family because at that point in time blacks were the lowest on the social scale. The plot of this story is a big court trail.  This trail is being help because Mayella Ewell accused Tom of rapping her and beating her.  Atticus comes to Tom's aid as his Attorney.  While Tom is waiting to be tried and angry mob comes and tries to lynch Tom but the Kids come to his aid.  Atticus puts on a great show in the court room it almost seem like Tom cant be guilty, but you will have the read the book if you want to see what happens.  The theme of the story is to protect the innocent when you know they are right. In conclusion I have told you about what I thought of the book, where it took place, the main characters, the plot, and finally the theme.  I hope with all of this information I have shared with you will help make up your mind whether you want to read it or not. So remember to never kill a mockingbird."
"To Kill a Mockingbird ReviewIn the classic novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee expressed the events of a small, rural town, Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930's. The story was centered around the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man being defended by a well-respected lawyer, Atticus Finch.Maycomb's economy was based primarily on agriculture. It seemed to be an enjoyable community but had its share of problems that included Mayella Ewell's accusation on Tom Robinson. Throughout the story, many different themes were presented in their own, compelling way. Racism played an important role as blacks were discriminated within the community, received worse jobs than the white community, and had separate churches. In the case of Tom Robinson, racism led to his conviction and ultimately to his death.  The title of the book itself was shown as a theme. Mockingbirds were described as peaceful animals that provided humans with pleasant music and didn't do anything that made people upset. Tom Robinson can be seen as a mockingbird because, as proved in his trial, never harmed anyone and did things only in a positive way. Arthur ""Boo"" Radley was also considered a mockingbird because he performed unknown deeds that helped the town.The tale was told through Atticus's eight year old daughter, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch. Along with Scout, her older brother, Jeremy Atticus ""Jem"" Finch always seemed to be getting into some kind of trouble. Their neighbor's nephew, Charles Baker ""Dill"" Harris, joined in Scout and Jem's incredible adventures during the summertime. They had a strong fascination for their neighbor, Boo Radley, a strange fellow who only left his home at night. The many characters in the book were what made it such an interesting story.To Kill a Mockingbird was broken up into two parts. The first part described Jem and Scout and their experiences within the community. Some of these events included their first day of school. Scout got in trouble with her first grade teacher, Miss Caroline. In addition, she had a fight with a boy named Walter Cunningham. Another was the fire at Miss Maudie's home that attracted the entire community, who all helped in some way. It was there that Jem and Scout unknowingly had their first encounter with Boo Radley.The second part to the talked mainly about the trial of Tom Robison, which all led up to the ending. From lies in the courtroom to almost the death of Jem and Scout, the second part sorts out all that was unknown in the book and created a suspenseful way to end the novel.In conclusion, To Kill a Mockingbird really captured the reader's attention. It showed some problems that went on during the 1930's but explained how communities came together in times of struggle. It was definitely a book I enjoyed reading. If you like a book full of adventure that keeps you on the edge of your seat, this book is certainly for you. You will not put it down until you have read every last page."
"The scene is Northern Alabama, in the summer of 1935.  A young girl and two boys are seen in the yard of a brick house playing a kind of role-playing game.  One is swinging a pair of scissors around while the others are laughing and trying to avoid him.  Suddenly a call is heard, and the children put down their things to greet a coming man.  Scout Finch runs up to her father, Atticus, and hugs him. The book, To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, takes place in Northern Alabama, in the city of Maycomb.  People in Maycomb live by an unwritten caste system of insiders and outsiders.  They live almost alone and separate from the rest of the world, with few visitors, and an absence of commuting.  Segregation funs free, and the community lets one woman's claim cause the trial of another, Tom Robinson, just for the color if his skin. The story is seen through the eyes of a young impressionable girl, Scout Finch.  Growing up, Scout sees prejudice all around her and is brought up to accept it by her community.  However, her father, Atticus Finch, and her brother Jem are always there nudging her in the direction of equality when she fall astray. The main theme in this story is the tortures of prejudice and the striving for equality.  The emotions of prejudice ring clear not just between blacks and whites but inside the races as well.  There are strict social classes so that no matter where one turns, prejudice is staring right back at one's face. The story is based around the life of Scout Finch in the town of Maycomb in 1935.  For years, her brother, her friend Dill, and Scout dreamt of the almost legendary Boo Radley and of meeting him.  Their summers were spent dreaming of Boo, until their livers were shattered by the highly public trial of Tom Robinson.  In the coming months, Scout faces torment of all kinds, all because of her father defending Tom. All in all, I thought this was a book that most teenagers and adults could enjoy.  Seeing the world through the eyes of a child again really spoke to me in many ways.  Scout is so young and virtually unaffected by all the racism in her world, it takes me back to my experiences at her age.  If you want a classic novel that you won't be able to put down, then I highly recommend Harper Lee's masterpiece To Kill a Mockingbird."
"In Harper Lee's book ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" you get a vivid sense of what life in the 1930's was like.  She shows how poverty, racism and growing up in a small city in Alabama was like.The character that the book follows is Scout a young white girl who would rather wear overalls and play in the mud than wear a dress and sit all day.  Her view on life is so precise that you would think a little girl was writting the book.  She is the reason why this book is a page turner.In the book, Scout's best friends are her brother Jem and Dill. Jem starts off hanging out with Scout but as he grows older and gets into sports they drift apart a little bit.  Dill is a 7 year old boy who looks like he's younger.  Dill only comes to Maycomb in the summer to spend time with his Aunt Rachel.The kids summers and stories revolve around Boo Radley who the kids think is a crazy man locked up in the Radley place and only comes out at night.  Only a few people have been lucky enough to have seen Boo.  The funny and ""intellegent"" ways the kids come up with plans to get Boo to come out are what keeps this book alive.Scout and Jem's father Atticus is a very respected lawyer who has been appointed to defend a black man of a horrible crime.  Their family goes through a very rough time before and during the trial with all the names that Scout and Jem hear kids calling their dad.  Atticus makes sure that they dont let the other kids get the best of them and to not get angry and upset.The man Atticus is defending is an innocent black man named Tom Robinson.  Even though Atticus knows he's innocent he has a hard time convincing the all white jury of that.  He tells the jury not to look at this as a black vs. white trial but a man vs. man trial and to give Tom Robinson every chance he has at a fair trial.  He tells them to look deep inside their hearts and to see what is right.In ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" Atticus gives one of the most inspiring speeches I have ever read.  To see what the jury decides and what happens to all the characters I highly recommend reading this book."
"Acceptence, family, and friendship are all strong words that describe To Kill A Mockingbird. It is a heartwarming tale about a family in the south through their troubles, hardships, and summers spent with the two main characters, Scout and Jem. The characters are diverse and the storyline sophisticated. Harper Lee has such an incredible ability to take such a simple plot such as a family living in the country during the depression and make such a sophisticated storyline. I really enjoyed this book, and although it's meant for readers with a taste for a more adult read, it is still a great book to pick up."
"To Kill A MockingbirdHarper LeeThe Book takes place in a small, quiet town called Maycomb, in Maycomb County, Alabama. Here Scout and her brother, Jem, grow up while some wierd stuff happens all around them.This book confused me, alot. I could not say I was entertained in the least bit. The plot, if there was one, was derivitive and often meandered form a single idea. First, it starts out like many books do and recollets past events, then a mystery, then a court drama, then a regular drama, then a mystery again."
"Harper Lee is the author of the book To Kill a Mockingbird. This book is a historical fiction about courage and prejudice. The book is about two kids named Jem and Scout who live in Maycomb, Alabama. Eventually a white man blames a white man for a very serious crime. I personally thought that the book was boring because they talked about stuff going on in the town and sometimes the world."
"Harper Lee wrote the book To Kill A Mockingbird in 1960 that is about these children Jem and Scout who go through the times when racism was still alive and death occured frequently. In this book, they learned about the true meaning of respect and friendship. Their father, who they call Atticus,is a Maycomb lawyer who has to do something that puts him in a position in which he doesn't deserve to be in. Calpernia is their African American maid who is sweet and kind, but gets misstreated by the racial white folks. Jem and Scout have to go through times when they have to make decisions that can put them in terrible danger,and they teach not only themselves, but the people about things you will have to find out for yourself."
"The book To Kill A Mockingbird was a very interesting story.  It was written by Harper Lee.  It is a realistic fiction story.  The theme of the story was to never harm an inocent person.  This story took place in the 1930's, in the south.  There were a lot of conflicts between the African-Americans and white people  This book is very interesting and you won't be able to put the book down.  I enjoyed reading this.  I think this book had a good theme.  This was a good book, and I recamend it to everyone."
"A classic novel by Harper Lee, called To Kill A Mockingbird, is about a girl, a boy, a friend, a murderer, and a mysterious man. The town was real simple and boring until the event of the century happened in the quiet little town of Maycomb County. The abuse of a woman who accuses a African American man for taking advantage of her. The White man and African American go to trial. Who shall win the judges trust. With a trust worthy lawyer by his side Tom Robinson is sure to win the case. From a man scaring a child, to a shooting in town Harper Lee's novel is suspenseful and mysterious. She always carries out her thoughts about living in a unfair town. Lee's novel is inspiring and moving. Read the only novel that she has writen to this day."
"The title of the book is To Kill A Mockingbird. The author is this inspiring book is Harper Lee. this type of book would be considered historical fiction, because it tells about harsh times in the past, and what people had to go through on a daily bases.  Like i said it has to do with what people had to go through in the past. How unfair life was to African-Americans, and many other people. This book all started when Atticus, Jem and scout's dad, was assigned a case to fight for an African-American. Though it was a hard time to go through before the trial, this book will end with a surpising twist, no one will be able to predict the outcome of this amazing book. The lesson people can get out this book would have to be, dont judge a book by it's cover. No matter what a person looks liek or who the prson is it shouldnt matter how u treat them. ""Why doesn't Boo Radley ever come out of his house?"" Scout questioned. This is an important qoute because it means many different things in the book. Like life always has questionable happenings, but questions always have answers. So by wondering why life is fair or unfair, just remeber that questions have answers and you will know sooner or later. Just like the citizens of Maycomb County found out that year."
"I really thought this book was ok. Some of the parts from the book are really boring and some of the parts are really creative and interesting. The book tells a great deal about understanding and looking at someone or something by another persons point of view. The Book is basically about Jem, Scout, and Atticus. They all learn how to love and how to understand each other. I think the book is sad and dreadful at times. They treat the man that is different like a piece of trash on the street. The book talks a great deal about racism, and understanding. It also Takes a great deal of courage to do some of the things that atticus did, like support a black man in court. I think this book is interesting and somewhat worth reading!!!"
"The book is by Harper Lee and is called To Kill a Mockingbird. The book is a great book that is set in the 1930s around segregation times. The book is the life of, and narrated by Jean Louise. In the book she is mainly known as Scout. The book tells about growing up in the segregated 1930s, the book shows hownlife back then was a struggle for everyone. The book tells life isn't fair. I really liked the book because the book teaches morals, but is also suspenceful, suprizing, sad, and exciting. I like the book becaus eits the kind of book you can't put down once you start reading.This book is inspirational and you will get something out of it."
"Harper Lee's classic novel To Kill A Mockingbird is a story of a boy, a girl, and their town. The book is realistic fiction and takes place in the 1930s. The story shows the many lessons in life, including courage, respect, and how to deal with the world around us with our heads held high. The story includes a trial between an African-American and a white person in a small town in the South. The trial contradicts one man's word against another's, and with lots of debating, the jury comes up with the answer that could change the town. Scout and Jem, the children of the lawyer defending the black person in the trial, have adventures throughout the story and discover the truth of their world.I would recommend this book to anyone who loves an adventure that shows the lessons of life. To Kill A Mockingbird brings the reader back in time and into the story. It teaches some of the most important lessons in life and contains an adventurous story like no other."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a realistic fiction written by Harper Lee.  This book deals with racism, courage, and family.  The story is about a little girl and her older brother who are showed what life is like in the south in the 1930's.  This book is interesting and memorable how it has so many morals without directly saying them.  The two biggest issues the book brings up are racism and courage.  There are several examples of both racism and courage, most of which tie together.  This book is one of the best books I have read, and recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good book."
"To kill a mockingbird is a fiction novel that was written by Harper Lee. It was published in 1930s and became hit to young teenagers and adults. It's about a white man name Atticus Finch who is raising two kids and is tryin to defend a black man from a crime he did not commit. Along the way, the kids have to go through rough times. And they make enemies in the court and out. The book is intence, breath taking book and i can knownlegde you readers to read it."
To kill a mockingbird is a fiction book.The theme of the book is like back in 1930 and how people treated other people.The problem this address most is life growing up back in the old old days when there was still racism.The story line for To kill a mockingbird is about a family that goes through hard times and surive and how they get through it.This book is a book that takes you into a persons life u feel how they felt back then.I agree with the other that racism was bad and how it was bad and how it was really bad in certain towns.I disagree with how they viewed people back then because  everyone wasnt  like that.This book raises the about racism like how they treated a man called Tom Robinsion.This book is kinda like Huckle Berry Fin how there was racism in that book.This book made me see how bad some people treated other colors.This book is a book that can teach your many things in life.
"To Kill a MockingbirdBy: Harper LeeThis book is historical fictionThe theme (lesson)is to not kill a mockingbird.The book took place in Maycomb County.They say, ""It's a sin to kill a mockingbird because they don't do anything but sing.""In my opinion, I think that the book is boring. I like the movie better because it explains the events that are  going on.I agree with Martin Luther King jr. - that everyone should be treated equally, and that no one would be judged by another person.I disagree that Tom Robinson should have been shot especially seventeen times; That's harsh. I agree that the Ewells are liars and they are bad people to be around.i think that they leave out some of the ideas on what Scout thinks about some of the events that are going on. Also, I think Tom Robinson could have said more during his testimoy."
"This book by Harper Lee shows how race is an issue that needed to be solved.It's an realistic fictional book that has to deal with a black man's word against a white trash man's word.Scout and Jem  are just normal kids who have a lawyer father who takes on the trial of a life time; that will change their lives for ever.This book is an exciting but interesting and has lots of drama. It was a good book but it was kind of  boring to start out .That's why i thought that i wasnt going to like it. My teacher said give it time , and she was right . You will just have to give it a chance . I deals with the issue of race which everyone needs to know about!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a historical fiction book written by Harper Lee in 1960. It takes place is 1930 Alabama. Harper Lee wrote this book from her memories of growing up in a small racest county.  The book takes place through seven year old, tom-boy Scout's eyes. Scout lives with her twelve year old brother, Jem, her father, Atticus, and their house maid, Calpurnia. Through out the book, Scout tells her memories of a mysterious house in her neighborhood, a never before seen person, and racial injustice in Maycomb County.  This book is an interesting memoriable, eye-opening book, great for middle and highschool students.  -Shannon Elise"
"This book, written by Harper Lee, is some-what interesting. I don't like it that much, becuase there is to much drama. The main reason I read it is because my teacher made our class read it for a grade and I really do not need a F on my report card. It's full of rasism, and takes place a Long time ago in a small town in Alabama. I would recommend it to people who are addicted to drama."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a historical fiction book written by Harper Lee in 1960. It takes place is 1930 Alabama. Harper Lee wrote this book from her memories of growing up in a small racest county.  The book takes place through seven year old, tom-boy Scout's eyes. Scout lives with her twelve year old brother, Jem, her father, Atticus, and their house maid, Calpurnia. Through out the book, Scout tells her memories of a mysterious house in her neighborhood, a never before seen person, and racial injustice in Maycomb County.  This book is an interesting memoriable, eye-opening book, great for middle and highschool students.  -Shannon Elise"
"This book only reminds me of the ignorance of racism and how horrible people can be to each other. This also made me remember I read this in my spare time in 3rd or 4th GRADE! I also think this book may invoke and remind people of the horrible acts done to people,such as lynchings, attacks, and arson, that were usually done to innocent people."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a historical fiction book written by Harper Lee in 1960. It takes place is 1930 Alabama. Harper Lee wrote this book from her memories of growing up in a small racest county.  The book takes place through seven year old, tom-boy Scout's eyes. Scout lives with her twelve year old brother, Jem, her father, Atticus, and their house maid, Calpurnia. Through out the book, Scout tells her memories of a mysterious house in her neighborhood, a never before seen person, and racial injustice in Maycomb County.  This book is an interesting memoriable, eye-opening book, great for middle and highschool students."
"The author of this book is Harper Lee. The book is also fictional. I think the theme of this book is how African- Americans were treated in the 1930's. Especially in the souther most states. THe story takes palce in Maycomb County, Alabama in 1935. All of the African-Americans in that town were treated badly and often persecuted. i thought this bokks was very interesting and personally a book that i will remember for years to come."
"Harper Lees fantastic book To Kill A Mockingbird is a definite classic. Classifying this book in one specific ""type"" is hard because there are so many lessons learned from it. Even though technically it is a work of fiction, you feel like you could go to Maycomb County(the setting) and meet the Finches'. Atticus finch is who i think of when i think of a ""model citizen."" He gives this highly rasist town a  wake-up call. He also teaches his kids morals and values that everyone, black or white, should have.-Thank You"
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee  This book is a fictional book. This books theme is that if you stick together then you can go through anything in the world. This includes racism, your neighborhoods opinion, and anything else. This book has racism alot in it. The book kind of like this. There is a boy called Jem and a Girl named Scout. They have a father who is a lawyer and one of the best ones in Maycomb County. Maycomb county is a county in Georgia. Then one day Jem and Scout both meet a kid called Dill. He is from Marridion county, Mississippi. Then the judge calls on Atticus Finch (the father ) to protect Tom Robinson, an african american in court. He was accused of something that I am not going to tell you.Instead of accusing him right away they think about it then make their decision. This is an important step because they gave him a chance. That is a big step in their world."
"""This case is as simple as black and white.""(Lee 203).  This quote is about racism which is one of the themes in Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird.  This book is set in the 1960's South where racism was very common and widely accepted by the white communtiy.  This book is about a young girl, named Scout, who lived in the South in the 1960's.  Her father, Atticus,  was a lawyer representing a black man, Tom Robinson, who supposedly raped a girl.  Scout had to learn to deal with the hardships of how the kids at school teased her, and how the whole town turned against her family.  The emotional impact the book had on me was immense.  Reading it was a huge reminder of how the world was, and what have overcome since then.  People in this book were starting to hate Scout's family because her father was representing a black man.  It shows how terrible the world can be sometimes, and what can happen if we let our fears overcome us.  To Kill a Mockingbird was a great book.  I would definitely recommend it."
"I think I was suppsoed to read this book in High School and I either didn't or i watched the movie instead. Either way, I am glad I finally did.  This book is one of the best ever written.  It makes me sad to think that so many people have not and will not read it.  Harper Lee was ahead of her time in so many ways.  Buy this book. Read it now. Go!"
"This book was simply wonderful and a must read.I was amazed at the presentation of the story and the way Harper Lee draws you in.  The narrator is an 8 year old girl named Scout who is both innocent about the world and its social norms; while at the same time curious enough to be engaged and question ""why does it have to be this way?""  It is from Scout's perspective that you are able to see the silliness and real injustice that we (adults) create by continually abiding by these destructive social norms that we consider ""the way it has to be"".On the surface, many readers will read this book and say that it is about ""race relations"".  But upon taking a deeper examination into the book, you will find that ""race"" is just the example used in order to convey an even bigger message on the importance of being both open minded and aware of oneself and the world around you.  Harper Lee, through the innocent eyes of Scout, challenges us to think outside the box, to accept people for who they are, to be open-minded, to challenge social norms and to start thinking for oneself.I have rarely identified with or have been more inspired by a fictional character as I have with Atticus.  He embodies every characteristic I wish to have from having compassion and love for everyone (even when it is undeserved), to his ability to critically think through issues, to his capacity of fairness, open-mindedness, and knack for remaining calm and peaceful in times of hostility and high stress.  What an amazing character.To Kill a Mockingbird is not just revolutionary in its day for implying that blacks should be equal to whites; but is revolutionary even now because the underlying themes and messages it states still need heard and practiced today.  This book will impact you and challenge you, and should make you a better person."
"This is another of those books that everyone tells you how wonderful and incredible it is. I read it, and... okay. It's a book. And a not-bad one at that. But is it amazing? Is it the greatest, most thought-provoking book of all times? Is it truly just overrated?We have a story where it's almost as though the narrarator is not the main charactor, but rather, her father is. The story seems much more about Atticus than Scout, but that is a matter of interpertation. It's a story about racism, injustice, and thinking about all of that. Atticus is a man who goes against what the rest believes, and though he ""fails"", he knows that he has succeeded by making people think about the issues they are facing.So we've covered the topic. It's an interesting topic. And the book itself has some wonderful parts, but for the most part it drags on and on. So many people love this book and tell you how wonderful it is. I know that I was expecting something a bit more, and not this rather simple book. I found that a lot of the book was confusing and strange, and this did not make reading easier.While, yes, this book must have been surprising and different, it's not absolutely amazing. It's good, but perhaps a bit overrated. If you've been hearing how good it is, don't be surprised if you feel that the book is good, but not the best book of the 20th century. If you do think it's incredible, that's also understandable. Different tastes, after all. The writing style is simple, the plot drags sometimes, and parts just didn't make sense. While I'm impressed that this was written at the time it was written in, let's put things in perspective.I do like this book, I just think that it's not a ""classic"". ""Classics"" are books like ""The Count of Monte Criso"", or ""Crime and Punishment"". Perhaps it's a ""modern classic"", like Steinbeck or others. But I don't think it's a classic (as most of the tags for this book are: classics, classic literature, classic...).I rate this a four because I feel that it's something everyone should read (if for some odd reason you didn't read it in high school). Whether you like it like so many others, dislike it as many teenagers who are forced to read it do, or merely feel that's it's good, but overrated, like myself, it's worth reading, not just to find out where you fit, but also to try to see and understand why it is much loved. I myself have only just realized that everyone loves this for the fact that it tackled such social issues. It's worth reading, but not everyone should expect to find it a brilliant classic, but rather, just a good old book. I was a bit disappointed when I read it, so just understand that there's a possibility that you won't find it incredible.I urge you to read it, but just don't be disappointed because you were expecting something bigger and more like the rest of the ""classics""."
"Lee Harper has really done a fine kob of witing this book, this book is so thrilling, sad, depressing, and sort of funny at the same time. I just finished reading this a few weeks ago and could not put it down. I can see why it won the Pulitzer Prize, and won an Academy Award for the movie. It's always going to be a classic and a fun book to read.To Kill a Mockingbird is about a girl named Scout Finch and her brother Jem. Through three years of their lives in Maycomb, Alabama. All Scout and Jem want to do is play games and have fun with their summer neighbor Dill. During the school year when Dill goes home to Mississippi Scout finds herself getting into a lot of trouble and trying to be a lady when all she wants to do is play with Dill, wear overalls, and beat-up her classmates.One fall her father, Atticus, is appointed to the defense of a black man, Tom Robinson, for the rape of a white girl, Mayella Ewell, they don't have a very good reputation in Maycomb country. Scout and Jem have to put up with all the ridicule from their classmates they realize Atticus is on Tom's side. With this all going on Mayella's father Mr.Ewell is on the brink of trying to do something that will make Atticus a very well tempered man pop. He gets so close to doing that something that Jem ends up with a broken arm. I was totally into this book like no other book I have read before, it was simply amazing."
"Scout Finch is a girl that wants to be just like her father, even though the rest of the world wants to see her as a young lady.  She worries that when she's away, Calpurnia, her cook and friend, will not have anything to do.  She is also very protective of her family, especially her father Atticus.In the story Scout faces trouble in school because of what her father is doing to help set things right for someone considered less than a real person.  The small southern town of Maycomb is about to get a huge wake up call.  As Atticus helps defends Tom Robinson in court, Scout and Jem, her older brother, learn what is really happening.  But this novel is more than just a book about southern small town history.  It is also a classic story about a young girl beginning to understand the good and the bad in the world around her.  Any reader interested in American history or a wonderful classic novel will cherish this book.Harper Lee was born on April 28, 1926 in Monroeville, Alabama.  Lee attended Huntingdon College 1944-45, studied law at the University of Alabama 1945-49, and studied one year at Oxford University.  In 1959 Harper was asked by Truman Capote to accompany him to Kansas to do research for his book, In Cold Blood.  On May 29, 1961 the Alabama Legislature passed a resolution to congratulate Miss Lee on her success.  In June of 1966, Harper Lee was one of two persons named by President Johnson to the National Council of Arts.In June of 1957 Lee completed the first draft of To Kill A Mockingbird.  In 1959 To Kill A Mockingbird was complete and printed.  In 1961 Lee had two articles published: Love--In Other Words in Vogue, and Christmas To Me in McCall's.  When Children Discover America was published in 1965."
"this book is really good on many levels.theres really 2 stories going on.1 is how these 3 kids spent thier summer this one time,which is its more endearing side and the other story about this chick that got raped and how a racist town wants to pin it on this black dude.then theres this creepy boo radley guy and all in all its a great book.one of those you have to have read to call yourself educated about literature."
"This is how literature was meant to be! Engaging, moving, bold with its message and yet gentle with its approach. A stirring portrait of humanity. No wonder it is the classic it has become!"
"I finally read this book because for some reason I never had to read it in school and this is one of those books you are ""supposed to read"".I was ready to declare it overrated. After all, it is a little dull at times. I also thought much of the humor is...well...unfunny. I also thought the character of Tom Robinson should have been developed more to heighten the sense of tragedy.But then I read the last few pages and I cried like a little girl! Scout's realization that Boo Radley was watching over her and Jem all along like a surrogate father is one of literature's most beautiful epiphanies.For that alone, this book deserves its elevated status despite its flaws."
"Just reread this book for the umpteenth time and love it all over again.  I first read it as a young teenager and knew even then that it was an important, near-perfect book.  I understand that we all have different tastes, but I'm amazed that some few reviewers actually found the book boring.  I can't help but doubt that it was really read and digested by them.  If you haven't read it, do so.  It's an absolutely wonderful book--a classic to be treasured.  Thank heaven Harper Lee wrote it!"
"Modern literature has a polarizing effect. For every person who declares Catcher in the Rye a classic, there is someone else who will tell you it is a waste of paper and that it's teenaged protagonist is a whiney little brat (okay they might use a harsher term - but I'm trying to keep this family-friendly). For every fan of Faulkner, there are a few (maybe a few hundred) who will say the Sound and the Fury is incompressible rubbish.And then there is ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".Readers fall into two camps: those that will tell you this is a great American novel and those who say that not only is this a great American novel - it is the best novel ever written. I fall into the first camp. This is a splendid novel, one of the best 100 of all time, but not the best novel ever written.Over 1,550 people have reviewed it so far on this website so there isn't much more I can add. It is a complex, richly rewarding novel. Without becoming overwrought and sentimental it addresses difficult issues of family, racism, and standing up for what you believe in.A novel everyone should read."
"This is what reading is all about.  We read to be transported to another time and place and hopefully learn something along the way.  This book does that and more.  It's a story of human nature, justice, innocence lost, racism, and love.  For me, this book is a close second behind Mark Twain's ""The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"" as the great American novel.  Believe the hype!  If you haven't read this please do!  You won't regret it."
"{Note -- I lost my book review, so here's my movie review.  It should give you the impression that I absolutely love this book like you wouldn't believe.  Yep.  That's right.}My earlier review of the book amounted to little more than ""rah rah rah, go read this!"" Now let me go into some more detail. The story is excellent on many levels, and it's a bit more complex than a retelling of the plot would indicate. ""Black man accused of raping white girl in the Depression era."" That's the court case that drives some of Harper Lee's novel. Gregory Peck won a well-deserved Oscar for his portrayal of attorney Atticus Finch, one of literature's most memorable characters. And yet, in the novel, Atticus isn't the main character. This book is about his daughter Scout and his son Jem. Scout is our narrator, and what we see (and don't see) comes from her.So how did this translate to the big screen? Quite well. The child actors, both newcomers, were excellent in their roles. Ditto on the boy who portrayed Dill, whose part was far larger in the novel but which is good in the film as well. The book had a large number of plots and subplots, so the filmmakers had to strip some away to make it work as a movie. They chose well. The results are still as complex and multi-textured as life itself.I watched this maybe a month after reading it, so I remembered 90% of what would happen, along with much of what was deleted. I doubt the movie could have been done much better than it was, and I'll watch it again. I'm aware of all the ""deep dark Southern secrets"" from the novel, those that were in the film and those that weren't. I got a strong sense that the actors were equally aware, and that's cool. Nobody could fit them all into a film that lasts under 2 hours, so they only chose the most relevant. This is how it should be. I very love this film, as we say in China, and it'll probably be in my DVD collection until I die.Oh, and this is purely coincidental. Later in this newsletter you'll see ""The One-Plot Wonder,"" which I wrote over a year ago but chose to rerun. I made this decision long before watching TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD. But this book, and this movie, are a fantastic example of what I'm talking about. It has many plots. It's what we should aspire to every time we write."
"This classic American novel of the South could not be better performed by none other than Sissy Spacek-star of the movie ""Coal Miner's Daughter"" about the life and times of Loretta Lynn.  The novel by Harper Lee, an Alabama native, is truly an American treasure-rivaled by few other American novels in the past century.  This is a spectacular introduction to the book if you have never had the opportunity to read it.  This is a purchase you will truly enjoy for a long time!"
"Nothing I can say can accurately express how wonderful this book is.  If you haven't read it, get it today.  If you have read it, read it again...you know you want to."
I didn't want this book to end but knew that it was complete on the last page.  That doesn't happen often.  It transported me back to childhood and reminded me to take people where they are at.  Beautiful.
"IT depends on what type of book you like.  If you like realistic fiction of the early 1900's, then this is your kind of book."
"Joana MiraflorAugust 17, 2006Period 1  Jem and Scout, the children of a Maycomb, Alabama lawyer, Atticus Finch, deal with hardships and prejudice throughout the story.  They share a secret friendship and adventure with Boo Radley, who lived across the street and left them all sorts of surprises in the tree hole until it was cemented.  Their father, Atticus Finch, was responsible for the life and case of Tom Robinson, who had been accused of raping a white woman named Mayella Ewell because of his race.  Scout was raised without a mother-figure because she passed away and was known as the tough girl with attitude.  But she grew up with Atticus's perspective of equality for all.  They were taunted by townspeople because that reason.  Mayella's father, Bob Ewell, is shocked that Atticus proved him wrong during the trial so he end up trying to kill Jem while walking back home with Scout, after a school play.  Boo Radley rushes to the scene and saves the two children bringing them safely back home.  After staying by Jem's side, Scout finds out that the creepy man across the street wasn't so scary after all.  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was very influential.  Before reading this story, I thought to myself,  ""Great, I'm being forced to read this, I won't like it one bit.""  But surprisingly, I loved it.  It taught me life lessons about people, family, friends, and how people dealt with conflicts back then.  This story showed me that without great minds that believed in equality, the better and comfortable environment we live in wouldn't exist.  Plus, we'd have to deal and live with everything these characters went through.  This story taught me that there were numerous people out there that didn't show or give respect just because someone else was different.  It showed me the hatred different races had against each other back then and how racism affected one's life greatly.  Atticus gave the Tom Robinson case his all, even though people said only the negative about it.  His children went through the obstacles with him and stood up for him in front of Tom Robinson's jail cell.  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" has a lot taught me that if you work as a family and keep each other on their toes, you can get through anything and everything regardless of everyone else's opinions.  From reading this book, I learned how much self esteem a person needs to get through life.  Once that self esteem lowers, everything else goes downhill with it.  Atticus was ahead of his time and had his own point of view on people and how life should be lived, especially without racism.  I agree with his perspective because racism just builds up to more issues and no one out there needs more problems.  I am thankful to be living is a more positive society compared to those times.  I am also grateful that the intensity of racism back then isn't repeating itself today as well.  Lee's style of writing contained the southern accent in most of the character's dialogue, especially the townspeople.  The dialogue helped the reader sense the character's feelings, a stronger way without having to describe everything plainly.  Some of Lee's choice of words was words used long ago.  Although this could have complicated things, each chapter consisted of a different situation happening in Maycomb.  This made it easier for the reader to understand what was going on and when even with the complex vocabulary and terms."
"I believe that this book is influential to me because it helped to open my eyes to understand how everyone should be thought of the same way with equality and given the same rights as everyone else. Tom Robinson was convicted of crime due to racism, which I believe is not right. As for Boo, people judged his book by his cover which was wrong after all. Boo is just like any other human; he's a person with feelings and thoughts just like everyone else. Before reading this book, I thought that ""How to Kill a Mockingbird"" wouldn't have caught my attention, when it really did."
"I believe that this book is influential to me because it helped to open my eyes to understand how everyone should be thought of the same way with equality and given the same rights as everyone else. Tom Robinson was convicted of crime due to racism, which I believe is not right. As for Boo, people judged his book by his cover which was wrong after all. Boo is just like any other human; he's a person with feelings and thoughts just like everyone else. Before reading this book, I thought that ""How to Kill a Mockingbird"" wouldn't have caught my attention, when it really did."
"The daughter of a noted attorney, Harper Lee was born in 1926 in the small town of Monroeville, Alabama.  Although she studied law, she became increasingly interested in writing, and in the 1950s she created a series of semi-fictional, semi-autobiographical writings about the events of her childhood.  Over time, these writings developed into a novel, and she completed TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD in 1959.  Published in 1960, the book not only proved an instant bestseller but received every critical accolade available, including the Pulitzer Prize.  It also proved controversial, and almost fifty years later the American Library Association continues to list it as one of the most frequently challenged and banned books in both the United States and abroad.Told in the form of an extended flashback, the novel unfolds in a series of scenes in which Lee seems intent upon evoking the small challenges and quiet charms of childhood in a small, Depression era southern town.  We are introduced to Scout, our tomboy narrator, and her brother Jem and their playmate Dill, and we join in their summer games: climbing to the treehouse, rolling in a tire, and most particularly their fascination with ""Boo"" Radley, a mysterious recluse of unsavory past who has long been a focus of town gossip.Written with remarkable simplicity, it is a charming, often comical tale--but as the story extends it comes to focus not so much upon Scout and Jem as upon their father Atticus Finch, a noted local attorney who is suddenly appointed to defend a black man accused of the vicious rape of a white woman.  And Atticus Finch is a man of rare integrity, quietly but firmly determined to bring the facts of the case to light.  In doing so, he places himself and his children at storm center of a controversy that threatens to tear both his family and community apart and which ends in violence and death.In 1960, with the United States of America embroiled in the Civil Rights movement, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was considered a political statement.  It proved a lightening rod for controversy, and in truth the novel still speaks to us of the evils of racism.  If this were all, it would be a novel of historical interest and little more.  But that is not the case.The two threads of the story--the children's fascination with Boo Radley and Atticus Finch's defense of Tom Robinson--are not separate portions; they interweave and ultimately dovetail into a seamless whole, remarkable in narrative, brilliant in clarity, to create a portrait of social bigotry counterbalanced by deep humanity, at times monstrous, at times deeply beautiful as only perfect honesty can be.  The characters spring to vivid life; the events unfold with a mixture of the unexpected and inevitable.  There is pain, there is suffering, but there is growth as well, and as the children grow in knowledge and understanding so too does the reader.  It is a remarkable work, not only capturing the texture of life in a small southern town, but bringing its events to a universal level that transcends time and place and touches something that speaks to the best in all of us.Since the novel's publication, Harper Lee has become almost as much a recluse as Boo Radley, seldom appearing in public, even more rarely speaking or writing for publication.  She has never again created a work of this length.  Even so, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD places her at the forefront of American authors.  This is a great novel.  I wish I had written it.GFT, Amazon Reviewer"
"It is amazing to me how Harper Lee wrote so animated such a long time ago, reading the book felt like watching a movie before my own eyes. The book deals with a lot of different issues of the time and place of the story, but also of human behavior - in the past and some of it is still relevant today."
"Sissy Spacek does a wonderful job reading Harper Lee's classic.  She has a light Southern accent that makes you believe you are listening to Scout.  If the performance weren't enough, the price and the packaging make it all worth the while.  The tracks are evenly spaced, and they are well catalogued on the CD jackets.  Definitely a pleasure all around!"
"A timeless treasure full of chronicles of the ""old south"" circa 1935 and the ""new south"" as seen through the eyes of an eight year old girl. This author manages to descibe in detail the lives of her characters with such reality that one thinks that you know them as the neighbor from down the street.This depiction of racism gives us pause to explore the way courts were in the south during this time period;where women were not allowed to serve along with other lower class citizens.I read this book forty years ago when it first came out and it was just as enjoyable today."
To Kill a Mockingbird was a reading assignement for my grandson's 9th grade English class.  We listened to the audio book together then were able to discuss the story together.  It was such an enjoyable way to experience this wonderful book.
"If somehow you have not read this book, please do, one of the great novels ever written.  I have never met anyone who was not deeply affected by this simple and beautifully written story.  Who can blame Harper Lee for never writing again.  Perfection is hard to top."
"I've reread this book twenty some years since I read it first and it was just as good, nay, better, this second time around.  Placing the story in a more mature context, (yes, my own - we provide context for the things we read) has given the story a historical depth and richness that it didn't have the first time.  If you haven't read this book in awhile, reread it.  Everything changes, even classics."
"When I first decided I was going to read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" for an English assignment, I got mixed reviews from my peers. My best friend told me she disliked it, but my English teacher and another friend in my class told me it was a great book and I would enjoy it. I didn't know what exactly to expect until I started reading it.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a wonderful story that greatly portrays childhood innocence and insight in a conflicted society that existed down South in the 1930's. Scout Finch, the young girl who narrates the story, is a truly convincing and lovable character. She takes you on a journey through Maycomb, Alabama, her home town, where her views of morality and good and evil are tested by what happens over the course of a year. The views and attitudes of the townsfolk and the other colorful characters that are encountered throughout the course of the novel are unique and completely believable. Maycomb could have been a real town that existed in America.I would recommend ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" to anyone who hasn't read it, even my own peers. It is that moving of a book, and I will read it again when I get the chance to.- Brittany Treichel, 17"
"I fell in love with this book from the very begining. I was asinged to read it for school and I can honestly say its the first time I've been assigned a really good book since the cricket in times square, back in 4th grade. That was a part of why I love the this book so much, Ive been reading cr*p for most of my school days. Most of the books are poorly written and have plots that are so saddening its no wonder that so many kids are anti reading. The favorite topics for these books is usually slavery/civil rights or WW2. They all fail to send thier intended message becouse the reader wants to forget them as so as possible, but not Mockingbird. THIS BOOK IS AS ENJOYABLE AS IT IS POWERFUL. You will never want to forget the story or its characters. Miss Lee, you are a true master of words and thought, thank you for giving this book to the world."
"There used to be a time that the word ""classic"" meant something.  Nowadays, it seems to only mean ""more than ten years old""; quality doesn't come into the equation at all.  Take, for example, the cable channel American Movie Classics, which typically features movies that are forgettable regardless of age.  I prefer the classic definition of ""classic"", one that means something that is not only really good but withstands the test of time.Put another way, look at the Da Vinci Code.  A decent book and a phenomenal best-seller, but will people still be reading it decades from now?  Only time will tell.  Time, however, has already told on Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird, and it is clearly, by any use of the word, a classic.  Although forty-seven years old, it is still as good as ever.Set in the town of Maycomb, Alabama during the Depression, To Kill a Mockingbird tells the tale of the Finch family:  widower father Atticus, young son Jem and younger daughter (and narrator) Scout.  Atticus, an attorney, has been appointed to represent Tom Robinson, accused of raping a 19-year-old girl named Mayall Ewell.  Since Tom is black and Mayall is white, guilt is assumed by most of the town and the trial a mere formality.  The truth plays little part.Maycomb is a stratified society.  There are the ""respectable"" people, who - with or without money - are considered the aristocrats of the community.  The Finches fit into this category.  There are the poorer white people, from the poor-yet-proud Cunninghams to the ""trashy"" Ewells.  At the bottom are the blacks.  Though Atticus refuses to participate in this classism (and tries to lead his children to do the same), he is pragmatic enough to acknowledge its existence.This novel may have the trial of Tom Robinson as its centerpiece, but there is plenty more going on as we take a tour of an impoverished town in the Deep South.  With this book, Lee has written one of the Great American Novels.  And while some great authors are not easily readable (for example, Faulkner), Harper Lee holds the reader from the beginning to end.Has there been any author who has written something so great in his or her only effort?  Yes, there are authors like Margaret Mitchell who wrote Gone With the Wind (which has a far more romantic version of the Old South), but her career was cut short by an early death; Lee is still around and still has no other books published.  The one book she wrote, however, is considered one of the greatest novels ever written.  It is a true classic."
"Ren Marc Serrano  English Acc. 10 pr.2  August 16, 2006A Book That Influenced My Life  A book that influence my life would be the book To Kill A Mocking Bird by Harper Lee.  This is a book that took place in a small town in Alabama some where between the 1800's - 1900's the days when blacks were supposedly free but were still segregated from the whites. In the story, we are taken in by thoughts of what seems to be an old women looking back to her childhood. The book which is in the first view point of view, uses the mind of a child to relate with the reader. As the narrator describes her life when she was a child and one important event in her life which will be highlighted for the rest of her life, the story continues to represent and express so much that will teach a valuable lesson to the reader.  This book has influenced my life in many ways, one way that it has influenced my life was from the topic of the story. Following from the plot itself, this book teaches you the value of life and how even though we try so much to make life fair, there are still people who will keep it unfair for their selfness reasons. Considering a moral like this, it may see as if the book was not good or is very gloomy, well this is not the case. This book still has many morals to it as for respecting others and teaches about growing up. Before I read this book I was a person who thought fairness was the key to having the ""right"" life, as I was told while growing up. After reading this book my perspective of life changed, knowing that life can't always be fair, but as to live life to the fullest and to never look negative among things, but to respect what happens and keep moving. To Kill A Mocking Bird brought me the attention of what people use to be back in the times of the book and what people still are now a days. Covering the issues or racism, segregation, rape, and death all explained to the narrator which is only 5 -8 years old. This shows that you cant hide the truth about what some human beings are and the situations of life that occur almost everyday some where around the world. After finishing the book you will come to realize that the world is a crucial place and it brings you to a reality that everything isn't always safe. That in which in the end keeps the reader filled with questions and wanting to know more in the real world.  From this book I have learned the following things that will guide me in the future and my life. I have learned the values of life and that every human being should be treated as equals. There is no need to segregate others because of the color of ones skin or what class they are in society. I have also learned that life is not always going to be fair, and that the world goes around but not the people, meaning everyone is similar in some ways and we all live in one world but no one is exactly the same, and because of this there won't be all kind hearted people in the world. Some are heartless and that is why there are kind people who help keep control over these people who can be heartless and ruthless.  The style that Harper Lee uses in To Kill A Mocking Bird, revolves around the narration of the book. Using first person point of view, she begins to describe what a five year old girl would see and becomes that five year old girls. Most of the story is told in first person in the eyes of a five year old, but the narration will then switch to the omniscient point of view for the reader to understand what is going on in the society. Because Harper Lee uses this as her style the reader begins to understand what goes on in the mind of a little girl."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless classic about how the prejudices of a town can torment and even kill the life of another, being either Tom Robinson, a kind hearted African American, who tragically lost his life due to his conviction set by a grand jury, or Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, who was shunned by society due to rumors, although he never harmed anybody in any fashion. This is possibly the greatest story ever written, from its intense drama to its memorable characters, which is combined to produce a non-stop page turner. In short, this is Lee's best work to date, as well as the most compelling novel ever to exist."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" has some of the most unforgettable characters which include, Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, Calpurnia, Boo, Tom Robinson, Mayella Edwell, Bob Edwell and many others. This story takes place in the 30's right around the Great Depression, in a little town called Maycomb. Basically a lot of the story has to do with growing up as a little kid, as Scout illustrates for us, but there are also serious parts too. A man named Tom Robinson has been accused of something that he didn't do and Atticus, a lawyer, has to prove his innocence. The problem with that is that Tom is black and Atticus is white, so defending him was wrong back then.  This book is influential in many ways. One is because it teaches you that everybody has the same right as everyone else no matter their skin color. It also teaches you that you should never judge people based on their race, wealth, rumors about them or even the way they look. I had to read this book for my English class and before I read it, I thought it would be long and boring. After I read it, it changed the way I looked at life and has become not only one of my favorite books but also the book that really influenced my life.  This book tells us that all people are equal. I also learned a lot about myself. I learned that I should be humble and that I should never give up on anything no matter the situation. I also learned to do the right things even if it costs me popularity. I learned a lot about others too, which is that everyone deserves a 2nd chance no matter the circumstances. I really like the style of the book, it has a lot of figurative languge and it makes you feel like you know the characters. It is also very descriptive which appeals to all your senses. This book is overall the most influential and one of the best written-books I've ever read."
"This is an awesome book.  It is my favorite of all time.  This book inspired me to think with metacognition and it also inspired me to have a great sense of perserverance.  The best part about this book is what it teaches u.  It taught me that u shouldnt fight against whats right, if its wrong, dont go for it.  This happens in the book when atticus defends Tom Robinson in court, everyone didnt want him to, but he knew it was right, so he did. This is where the title of the book comes into play.  U'll know what i mean when u read it!  I recomend for everyone and anyone!!"
"I figured out something when I finished re reading this book after I read new biography on Harper Lee titled ""Mockingbird"" Why adult revewers who love this book can not write or spell good? There are chunk of generation who are Mockingbird-free who is now about 50 to 60years old, well educated, well read, good speller but missed timing to read this book as young adult because it was not around or school didn't assigned it on them. These people grow up and know once how to appriciate good books, it is kinda hard to go back to pick up this book in first time in their lives. So naturally, if you are not an English major--means you can't write-- and an adult and read this book and able to appriciate it, chances are you are kinda person who won't read more complicated books anyway or your kid had to read it so you just did (my case) or watched movie first and got interested in or, you are an immigrant (my case) ---so we can't spell.It have been four years since I read it first time and back then, I was reading only chicklits and books my kid was reading because that's about I could have understood. Now I can see through how much struggle for the author to make this book publishable with help from editor and agent. How come Atticus, that perfect dad, let kids go alone in the dark to Halloween pagent and aunt Alexandra, the gossip, would not wanted to accompany them knowing whole town is at the school? because otherwise Bob could not have chance to attack kids so whole climax won't come about. Scout does pre- show for the family and go so far to explain once she got to the show, that ladies too tired from decorating were not there, to justify her aunt's absence. I hate myself even thinking about all these while I was re-reading but could not help it. It moved me to my guts the first time I read it when I did not know any better (or worse)It is sad as many kids love this book in this review pages, some kids just plain hate it. You have to be young and flexisible to hit by the chord but you have to be mature enough to understand the deeper message. I guess, that's why 6th to 9th grade are the best match for the first time Mockingbird experience. You can come back to it again and still moves you but, it still doesn't make you a good writer or speller."
"The majority of the people that did not like this book can't even spell, so I would not listen to them.  Obviously this book is a classic for a reason.  Maybe Amazon can start putting spell check on reviews....."
"Harper Lee's book To Kill a Mockingbird is a classic piece of literature read by students everywhere. However, I was not one of those students. It was not on my reading list, much to my regret now. I just finished reading the book and enjoyed it thoroughly. I love Scout's charming point of view and her descriptions of childhood summers make me wish for times past. Justice, or lack of it, is made so real when looked at from the perspective of Scout and her brother Jem. And the dynamic between the kids and the mysterious Boo Radley is just plain cool in the book.The movie is great too. A classic. The way some of the scenes are portrayed is dead on. I also love how Scout's narration in the book is carried into the movie. It's great to hear Harper Lee's narrative spoken. The charm of Scout's childhood is effectively portrayed visually in the film. I do like the book better for the simple reason that it portrays so much more than the movie ever could. The ""relationship"" between the kids and Boo Radley is included in the movie but more fully developed in the book. Because the movie just can't handle it fully, it ends up as a sidestory to the trial instead of a developed storyline all its own as in the book. The movie also couldn't include some of the additional charm of the book - like the storyline with Mrs. Dubose; how the kids feel about Atticus and the Finch family; visiting Calpurnia's church; or how Aunt Alexandra, surprisingly enough, began to have an effect on the lady Scout would become.Don't get me wrong though, I really did enjoy the movie. The character portrayals were great - especially Scout and Atticus.  But I must say (at the risk of sounding like the girl that I am) that the best part about the movie to me was that it brought the book to life so effectively that in parts I was somewhat emotional. It is a powerful story of childhood and race and justice (or injustice) that cannot be ignored. It speaks to so many in book or film form. Awesome! Enjoy both!"
"I first read Mockingbird when it was a new release, and read it again this past week.  It's lost none of its magic.Actually I can say its influence extended far beyond what I'd originally thought, and has found its way onto the pages of my own book, Bridges by L.P. Sloan.  While as a writer I have some disdain for comparisons, I make an exception when my book is compared to Harper Lee's.  Mockingbird is a masterpiece of simple words and simple humanity, and it humbles me. The richness in its descriptions of the character's day-to-day lives achieves a depth and portrays an affection rarely found."
"I consider this the best book I have ever read concerning the racial tensions in the South during the time period in which it takes place. Harper Lee uses the perspective of ""Scout"" the young girl in the book, to capture the whole atmosphere of the time and place.She also deals with the matter of prejudice against the mentally challenged with great sensitivity and insight. I have read this book twice- and I'm sure I will read it again!"
"Most folks my age read this book in high school, however, I was reading Chaucer, Austin, and Poe, so I missed the required reading of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  That's all right--even if you did read it in high school--read it again.  What a talent this woman has for developing characters and making the reader feel.  It's a taste of Americana then and now--what a timeless story."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. It is a reallistic fiction book. it is loved by many and has won losts of awards, and is an instant classic. the book takes place in the 1930's so it focusess on racism, discrimanation, and things like that. harper lee has not wrote any other books, witch is suprising because everyone loves TKAM so much. this book goes through the life of scout finch, a younge girl living in a small town in alabama. she deals with the strees of life as a lawyers daughter. on top of that her father""atticus finch"" is taking the case of a black man acused of raping a white woman. at the time, rape was a Capital offence in alabama. in my oppinion it was an ok book. it has a very strong plot that has caused the book to be band in many places.  I think Harper Lee didi a good job of discussing the issues and conditions from back in the '30s.  I would only reccomend this book to people who like a lot of drama!"
"This book is called To Kill A Mockingbird by: Harper Lee. It is a realisticly fictional book. It didn't happen, but it could.  TKAM takes place in Alabama in the 1930's, in a county called Maycomb. Maycomb is a very discriminated town, and the 'N' word is used throughout the book. The story is told through a 9 year old girl, Scout, growing up with people who hate blacks. Her father doesn't want her to grow up a racist, and he does everything he can to teach her right. If you are looking for an action or adventure book, this is NOT the book for you. This book is full of drama, though. Come join Scout, her brother Jem, Dill, Tom, Atticus, Miss Maudie, and a host of other characters in the ultament conflict between black and white."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee was a pleasant surprise. The trials of a family in the 1930's Deep South were touching and effective. Scout Finch is a little girl growing up in a town with a disease called racism. The events that surrounded one summer of her life have more meaning than many other books at that level. Harper Lee has become a celebrated author since it's release in 1960, even though she has never written another book. It's impossible not to become completely attached to the characters in the heartfelt story. It handled issues of discrimination, rape, and murder in ways that could only come from an author who had lived it. Her childhood in Alabama gives us the idea that Harper Lee's book might be closer to realistic fiction than anything else. Still this book was inspiring and complex. It was in no way anti-climactic, and though it was written forty years ago, the issues it explores are still prevalent in today's society. I highky recommend this book to you, no matter what lifestyle you thrive in. It's not often that a book can be considered revolutionary almost fifty years after it's written, but that's exactly what To Kill A Mockingbird does."
"In the beginning the children had a big curiosity in the man who lived across the street. The man is Athur (boo) Radley. He had not been seen in many years the children  wanted Boo to come out. He was nicknameed boo because, He lived in the shadows of his home. In the second half of the book the children's farther, Atticus Finch took on a case defending an african amrican named tom Robinson. this story takes place in the 1930's where there was a lot of racism. so the town was unhappy with atticus Finch. tom was accused of a supposed rape against a white girl. In the end an astonishing verdict was made."
"To Kill A Mockingbird-Harper LeeThis book is fictional, although it is very realistic and could have happened.It is set in the 1930's south, in the fictional Maycomb county of Alabama.This is an interesting area, full of many different kinds of people.The Finches, the story's main family, happen to be a middle class white family. They make it pretty well off due to the fact that Atticus, their widowed father is a lawyer.In the story, he is assigned to defend Tom Robinson, a Negro accused of raping Mayella Ewell.There is no evidence of this crime however and so it is a white trash family's word against a black man's.One subplot deals with Boo Radley, the subject of many rumors although he hasn't been seen in a long time.I would definitely recommend this book for anyone who wants a great book to read. This is the best book ever!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird  by:Harper LeeThis book is fiction, but it's realistic. Everything that happened in this book are possible. This book is from a girl's point of view:Scout. Her and her older brother Jem go through life,experiencing things most kids don't experience. Their dad is a lawyer, so they get a lot of information from him. In the end, they definitely grow up. They are not afraid of anything. This book was very interesting. It's different from most books. I really like the end with what happened with Jem and Scout.It was very intense, and I liked it a lot.The whole thing with racism, I don't like. The names they use, I absolutely hate.I can't even look at that word. They blame things on people that aren't even true, and they get blamed for it. It's not fair. This book is required for pretty much middle schoolers to afults. Adults love this book. It may be hard to understand if you're not at that reading level. It's not that hard though. It's good to talk about it with people. This book was good. So I liked it. Some things can just be bad and intense. Intense parts make the book better because you can just read on."
"The title of this book is To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee. It is realistic fiction. This book has many lessons and morals. I think the theme of the book is, don't judge people because of how they look or appear to you. The whole book focusses on racism. This book is about a mysterious man who never comes out of his house, and an ongoing trial in which there's a white man's word against a black man's. The setting takes place in the 1930s, which has a big effect on the plot of the story. It's a very interesting book, there are many inspiring quotes. the morals learned in the book can be compared and relate to today's life. I agree witgh the message that the author is trying to get across. Not only do you learn moral values from this book, but you also can learn more about how life was back in the 1930s time period. Thus book is very effective, thought provoking, and sends a powerful message to all of its readers."
To Kill a Mockingbird was not as good as i thought as i tought it was going to be. Well the problem in this story well theres alot of story. Harper Lee is probably a really good artist i thought that it was realy good but it wasent that good because i didnt like it beacuse it is not my type of book i am not in to these types of books. well one problem in the book is raceikmfdv. hkflkdlhkfmdklh jndfhmhklfdmliefjhlk
"To Kill a Mockingbird is the first and only book by the author Harper Lee. it is a work of fiction ut seems to be very realistic. it takes place in the early 1930s when there was lots of racism in the south. it teals the story of the trial of a black man acussed of raping a white girl.  personnally i HATED this book! other people have regarded this book as a masterpeice of american literature but i  find it horribly overrated and dumb. i dont really see why everyong loves it so much. it just tells a story of 3 dumb kids trying to get a freaky little guy named boo radley to leave his house for once. i donnt find it that great. if you like readig overated books, go for it. sorry but noo thanks. to kill a mockingbird is a book i can do without."
"I rated To Kill a Mockingbird with four stars because I really liked it.  It was a hard, long read, but I enjoyed it a lot because I love to read the classics - they are great books.  I consider it a classic because it was complicated, but conveyed a great meaning.  It was really hard to put down.  Even though it was a little slow, it was hard to stop as the plot thickened.  I definitely could relate to Scout (the protagonist).  She was strong-willed and curious, similar to me.  I, personally, was shocked on how some characters could be so prejudiced.  This book shows how someone can influence peoples' opinions just by acting out.  It also shows how discriminatory people can be."
"I FOUND THIS BOOK TO BE ONE OF THE GREATEST BOOKS OF ALL TIMES MY HUSBAND CHIEF JAMES MAPLES PLAYED THE SHERIFF IN THE PLAY FOR THIRTY SOME PERFORMANCES AND I WENT TO ONE OR TWO PRACTICES AND I MUST SAY IT WAS ALL WORTH THE WHILE. I HOPE someday MY BOOK WILL DO AS WELL AS YOURS MY BOOK IS ALABAMA POETRY, THE WORDS OF MUSIC SO kEEP up THE GOOD WORK."
"It is easy to see why ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has become a classic and a winner of the Pulitzer Prize.  After editorial reviews and 1535 readers' reviews,  it is not necesaary to repeat an in-depth outline of the story for the 1536th time to get the message across - ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a one of a kind treasure.The characters and plot are among the best developed in literary history.  Set in the Depression Era, the plot revolves around the alleged rape of a white girl, Mayella Ewell.  The story brings with it racial issues, tension, heartbreak and a search for justice.  My favourite characters were Boo Radley, the town bogeyman, Tom Robinson, the accused, and of course, the hero in this story, Atticus, a man of honour and dignity who is not afraid to stand up for what he believes is right.If by chance you are one of those who have not read this book, take the opportunity to do so.  It ranks at the top of all-time classics, along with ""Catcher in the Rye."""
"Some books so fluidly transcend the stories they contain that the characters and setting almost become incidental to the universal themes they express without contrivance. Such a book exists in Harper Lee's masterful 1960 novel, one of the most revered pieces of fiction this country has ever produced. Set in rural, Depression-era Alabama, it is a classic coming-of-age story about a precocious nine-year old tomboy named Scout. What she experiences is palpable in the virulent racism surrounding the persecution of Tom Robinson, a black man unjustly accused of raping Mayella, the abused white daughter of an unrepentant bigot, Bob Ewell. Representing Tom in court is Atticus Finch, Scout's father and the moral compass of the story.The plot moves toward a deepening exploration of the intractable conflict between tolerance and ignorance and how the pre-existing environment of hatred and mistrust makes innocent people guilty by pure circumstance. Scout embodies these themes within her own journey toward womanhood and her questions of what society expects of her. Through the travails of Tom and the town's outcast, Boo Radley, and primarily through her father's example, Scout recognizes how innate goodness can exist even in the direst circumstances. Likely because the story is semi-autobiographical, Lee is able to vividly capture the rural south and the pervasive mindset during the Depression with spellbinding accuracy. Yet for all that, the book's lasting legacy has more to do with Lee's particular lierary gift in bringing a genuine universality to her themes.Other characters weave in and out of the story - including Dill, Scout's wannabe boyfriend and the Truman Capote doppelganger - and each plays a key role in shaping the novel's core conflicts. I have to say that the author's particular literary strengths come to the fore in her empathetic depictions of the evolving relationships between these characters, for example, Scout and her father Atticus, Scout and her brother Jem, the children and Boo. Nothing seems extraneous in the story Lee tells, no small feat for a 336-page novel. She brings intense emotion to her prose, especially in describing the uncontrollable fury created by racial hatred and false accusations, for instance, in the lynch mob scene before the trial and in the vengeful attack on the children. The timing of the book's original 1960 publication turned out to be prescient, as the Civil Rights movement was just becoming national in scope thanks to the efforts of Martin Luther King and his brethren. Even if you have seen the masterful 1962 film, you owe it to yourself to read Lee's literary masterwork and sadly the only novel she ever wrote."
"I didn't see what the hype was all about. I mean it's a interesting point of view and alright plot.  But I don't see why it's a ""favorite"".  Oh well...it's on my shelf now."
"I first read this novel as an assigned reading project in school and was shocked that an ""old"" book could be so interesting and could actually deal with such up to date topics as racism! I've since re-read this book, and was amazed at how much I'd either forgotten or had allowed the movie to overwrite. This work should be a must read - it is one of the most important novels writen in the 20th century.Harper Lee has so easily captured the thoughts of a young girl in rural Alabama - so much so, that it is easy to think that the events contained within the book actually happened. The reading is easy and story immediately catches the reader up into the tale. Jem becomes the older brother we all would have wanted. Scout is the spunky younger sister who irritates at times, but always wins you over. And Dill, though troublesome at first, soon works his way into your heart until you want to protect.Even the adults are presented with dignity, although some have the mystique of youth. But who wouldn't have wanted a father like Atticus?This book will bring laughter, chills, anger, and tears. This book not only makes a reader think, it makes one feel. And that can be rare. This book will be one I intend to re-read throughout my life."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book by Harper Lee. The story is very believeable and feels very realistic. The story may be a little dated, but still has many life lessons that pertain to today.The story revolve around Scout and Jem, the son of a lawyer in the 1920's small town, southern US. They face many childhood events including a ""haunted house"" and school play. However, they find themselves faceing many challenges when their father represents a black man on a rape charge.This book really shows what racism was like in the South in the past and how it could effect anyone.This book is a classic and everyone should read it."
"I love this book!  I read it once in middle school and decided to read it again after I saw the movie ""Capote"".  I enjoyed it so much the second time I went out and bought it so I could read it a third, fourth, and fifth time.Harper Lee inspires me as I become engrossed in her story of Maycomb and its most prominent resident, Atticus Finch, and his family in a time when life was harder and people less accepting.  With diversity and the mystery of Boo Radley weaved around the foundation of Atticus and his children Jem and Scout, it is no wonder this book has been named a classic and studied in English Literature.The lives of Jem and Scout are changed forever as they witness a case involving an African American man whom is wrongly accused of a crime and defended by Atticus.  Additionally, they learn life lessons as Scout enters school and moves up in the ranks with Jem.  Atticus calls upon his sister, Alexandra, when the case begins to take a toll on the family as the children are forced to deal with some people's unbending ways and negative views of Atticus's client, Tom Robinson.  Then, there is the mysterious gifts that appear in the knot of the old tree infront of the Radley place.  Will Jem, Scout, and their friend Dill ever be able to get Boo Radley to come out of his house?I highly recommend this book to all who have not yet read it and to those looking to revisit an old classic."
"Even though written in the 1960s, this book is timeless.  You won't want to put it down!  Among the very best."
"It's been said so many times that Harper Lee only wrote one book, but I can't imagine what you'd do if you wrote a masterpiece like this for your first book.  How would you follow it up?There is just so much about this book that is good, I want to leave it to the reader to just open it up and get through that first chapter.  Then you'll be hooked on reading forever."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is the great American novel. Its characters are solid and believable, moving fluidly through a finely honed tale of love and sorrow. I remember the first time I read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"". Flying through it in order to get my English paper done, I missed a lot. One summer later  I found myself reading it again out of boredom. That boredom didn't last. In the years since I have reread the story three or four times; once even staying up all night. The power of the story lies in the words for me. The simple descriptions of complicated actions from the perspective of a small girl have incredible power. The final line of the novel regarding the fact that Atticus would be there when Jem ""waked in the morning"" exemplifies this by simply showing the love this man has for his son with out relying on overt emotionalism. In its' simplicity it avoids sensationalism and therefore comes across stronger and clearer. Yet in my rereading, I have always found a new level of understanding for the words and actions, growing to love the novel more each time.To Kill A Mockingbird is a sensational book to read for yourself and pass to others. Atticus Finch is a wonderful role model for all ages. He stands up for what he believes in without giving into pressures placed upon him during the story. Jean-louise Finch, also known as Scout to most people who know her, is a wonderful role model for all young and old children. She is placed in situations that many of us at one point are. She learned many lessons through out the book along with Dill Harris and her Brother Jeremy Atticus Finch. The children had their own goals set for themselves. They were ""after"" Arthur ""Boo"" Radly, and the story behind him.Harper Lee's love for people swells from the pages of this book. Her characters are exquisitely drawn, their story is believable and thrilling. Read this book and see the movie! It's too bad she went into seclusion after she wrote this book."
"I'll just sart off that I had to read this book for my Sophmore year, and to me, it just didn't fit. I can't say that I hated the book, for I didn't mind some equally impressive parts, such as the court scene, and bits and parts of the ending. But I'll just say overall it just bored me. People who like it don't get angry at me, just stating my opinion of the book. I'm not putting the book harshly down, nor burning it. Actually I've read a few parts over, but that doesn't mean I truely like the whole thing. But Harper Lee's pros were he excelent use of language, and discriptive words. I'll give her credibility for that, but to me, the book didn't cut my top 100 list."
"I hadn't read this great American classic since my junior-high days, but I recently purchased & read Kathryn Stockton's The Help, which sparked the thought that it would be a good time to revisit To Kill a Mockingbird. To Kill a Mockingbird has become, in 21st century America, one of those books that kids all read when they're in their early teens; it gets discussed either as literature or as social commentary or as a coming-of-age story (and without a doubt it stands brilliantly as all three!), and then everybody just moves on. After all, a lot has happened since this book was first published in the first half of the 20th century, and our problems with race in this country have moved on.Haven't they? Well, reading Stockton's excellent first novel, set in Jackson, Missippi in the early 1960's (the time of my own childhood), caused me to think yet again about the perpetual and on-going issues of race, class, education, poverty, life expectations, and all the other tightly interwoven issues that we continue to grapple with even now, with The United States' first African-American president in the White House. The public struggles, as well as whatever issues we find in our most private examination of our own preconceptions of each other, are very much still with us, even as we have worked to correct so many of the most blatant wrongs. The issues may present themselves wearing different guises, but they are far from being resolved; these questions are at the very core of the American psyche.Read both To Kill a Mockingbird and The Help, and give yourself a little time to think when you do so. I think that these two books are a natural combination - maybe Amazon should sell them as one of their ""Better Together"" deals!"
"I don't often read books more than once.  Two times is pushing it, and three is just impossible.  Yet I can safely say that I have read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" four times and have fell in love with each and every time.  People will ask me what it is about a book that makes it so good?  The answer lies within the connection the reader forms with the book.  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" reminds me of everything I love about life.  I see myself in the story of Gem and Scout.  I see my heroes in Atticus Finch.  The book in a very odd way reminds me of home, even though I'm not from the south.  Lee's writing style has an immediacy and intimacy that the reader can easily warm into.  I don't hesitate when I make the claim that this is truly one of the best books I've ever read.  Everything from the characters to the plot have a richness and vibrancy that is at once southern and at the same time universal.  Gem and Scout's story is really a growing up tale.  A time in life where you begin to grow into yourself and leave your childhood behind.  At it's core it's unabashedly American and is a true representation of all the joys and sorrows that make up the American diaspora.  So no matter if it's your first or fourth time, cherish this classic novel.  You'll be glad you did."
"This book was advertised as like new, some writing in it.It is in mediocre condition with writing throughout. There's even a list of all the characters written down on the 2nd page where the title appears. With the book closed the former owner has written her name on the top, bottom and side where the pages come together- total disappointment. This is my first complaint and I have made many purchases.DeeDee"
my girls are huge readers and enjoy many styles of writting. but they both hated reading this book. it was a sleeper for them.
I bought this book for my granddaughter for her required reading list.  She was totally thrilled with the excellent book with the case.
"After reading this story few people are so enchanted that they have burlesqued title ""To kill a mockingbird"" to express their predicaments. Quite recently one of my friends who was preparing for GMAT CAT exam clearly changed his signature to ""To kill a mockingCAT"". Well, indeed story held lot many things from several dimensions such as humanity, relation, occupation etc and every time people are behaving differently based on their vicinity and consequences.I think it's a good read for elder reader too."
"Sissy Spacek takes one of the great American southern novels, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD by Harper Lee to an even more sublime level by perfectly becoming the narrator of the novel, Scout Finch.  Scout is only eight years old and the Great Depression is ongoing in Maycomb, Alabama.  Her father, Atticus, is a pivotal man in their town as he is the fairest lawyer in town.  Spacek does all the voices of these remarkable characters and they come even more alive for us.  The Finches are fortunate in this town as they are making it through the Depression in genteel if not affluent fashion.  The town is made of people like the Finches; and then what would be known today as poor white trash; and finally the blacks who still have decades to wait for racial equality to appear.  However, small town America provides certain basics in the 1930s. No one starves or is homeless yet vivid inequalities exist.  Also, disabilities are kept in your own home, shuttered up so that other people can't see your differences.  Boo Radley is one of these different, disabled people and Scout is fascinated by him as the Radleys live on her street. Boo will come to intersect with a terrible legal injustice which occurs in the town, a rape trial with a black man as the defendant and a poor white trash girl as the accuser.  Atticus Finch is the black man's lawyer.  But this novel is about so much more than a trial.  Lee and Spacek nail the universal frailties and strengths of all of us as human beings in her novel. Those haven't changed one iota between the Great Depression and present day. I enjoyed the movie and the novel when I was a kid and I did not revisit the work until recently as this audiobook.  It was a wonderful way to experience it all again in a new medium. If anyone who resists reading needs to learn this book for school, this audio version could be the perfect solution.Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday."
"Fifty years after its initial publication in 1960, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" has proven it deserves its place in anyone's list of the finest American classic literature ever written.Written a scant three years before Martin Luther King awed the world with his magnificent ""I have a dream"" speech, Harper Lee also stunned the world with a poignant story centered on the unconscionable treatment accorded to the black man in USA's Deep South.Tom Robinson, a productive, quietly proud and well-spoken black man who by today's standards might even be called an ""Uncle Tom"", is also cautiously subservient, withdrawn and all too aware of his underwhelming place in the society of Maycomb, Georgia, a sleepy white town in the heartland of America's confederate South.Tom stands accused of the rape of Mayall Ewell, the 19 year old daughter of a boorish ne'er-do-well white trash family that, to the best recollection of everyone in the town, has never put in a day's work in its collective life. Jeremy Atticus Finch is a gentlemanly white lawyer who, despite the virulent hatred his own community is directing at him, has decided to hold firm to his own convictions about the equality of all men before God and to accept his assignment to the responsibility for Tom's defense at his capital trial for the rape of a white woman - a trial that is expected to be little more than a formality with scant necessity for reference to facts and truth.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is not a legal thriller, although it certainly could have been. Rather, it is a story about human behaviour - kindness and cruelty; bigotry, hatred and prejudice versus acceptance and friendship; humour and pathos in the presence of sadness and dejection. Told from the point of view of Atticus Finch's children, Scout and her older brother Jem, we are witness to their father's poignant heart-warming attempts to teach his children to become the kind of citizens that, fifty years later, are sadly still the exception rather than the rule.There can be few people (like me) left who haven't had the privilege of either reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" or seeing the movie, but if you are among that small number, do yourself a favour. Read it sooner than later.Highly recommended.Paul Weiss"
"I thought this book was fairly dull reading, notwithstanding its ""classic"" status.  Certainly it enunciates every desirable goody-goody piety - both those common to all decent people, and those especially desirable among late 20th century American liberals (Low Class Whites Bad, Low Class Blacks Good, Too Much Religion Hypocritical and Bad, that sort of thing).  But I didn't enjoy it that much, and think Mr. Finch's high ethics are unfortunately matched by his mediocre skills- his supposedly withering cross-examination (consisting of about ten questions fired at a silent witness) was really an argument disguised as a cross-examination, the sort of thing that a good judge would not allow."
"This was an awesome book! At first I thought it was going to be boring because it was thick and it had small print, it was also a in literature assignment, but when the class started reading it was eye opening. You really felt as though you were there. My favorite character was Scout she was so spunky and ""out there""! She was hilarious! You never knew what she was going to say next. The thing that really made me think was all of the prejudice. I couldn't believe that people would do such things. So, if you are looking for soemthing eye opening, exciting, and just plain funny i would suggest that you read this book. It was one of the best books I have ever read."
"Haper Lee's novel, ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" is a world known classic. It is an interesting and touching story about two kids growing up in Maycomb, Alabama during the great depression in the 1930's. It was a time with racism and discrimination. The whole town turns on Atticus Finch, the father of Scout and Jem, because he was the attorney for a black man named Tom Robinson. Tom was accused of raping a young white girl, because he is black. Even though he was innocent, no one in the town believed him but Atticus.The story is told through the eyes of Scout Finch, a six-year-old tomboy who was dragged into this racial battle with her father and brother. Her and her brother Jem became friends with Dill. Dill lived with his aunt in Maycomb over the summer and they became very mischievous and discovered their neighbor who hasn't been seen outside of his house since he got in trouble with the law at a young age. His name is Arthur Radley, or more known as Boo Radley, and the children became fascinated with him. They tell scary and mysterious stories about Boo. Their main goal is to get a peek at Boo, but then they started communicating with him by notes and objects left in an old tree.The trail brings out the towns ugly side, but Lee also has many offsets, like the elderly lady that tried to overcome her morphine problem before she died. Or, Scouts understanding that most people are kind when you really get to know them. This understanding is what is truly amazing about this book. Her thoughts are very clear throughout the book and she makes you feel the things that she feels. This book makes you feel like your living in Maycomb, Alabama during the 1930's. She often went on about the characters appearance, and even smell to make it seem like they are standing right in front of you.The story is based on Scout learning to be empathetic. Atticus explains to Scout how she needs to get into other peoples skin if she wants to understand the way they live or feel about something. Atticus's words are very heartfelt throughout the whole story. He is an unforgettable character, and impressed me many times while reading the book. He is a great father, and he stood up for what he believed in, even though the whole town was against him. He never gave up through the hard times that he was having with not only the trial. It is a very rough and soft story about class, justice, race, and growing up. This book will get you thinking and your heart pounding. I would highly recommend this inspiring, powerful, and classic novel to anyone."
"Harper Lee's novel To Kill a Mockingbird, written in 1960, is a work that I feel has literary value and is worth examining.  It is a story of a father, Atticus Finch, in small-town Maycomb, Alabama during the depression who is raising his two children on his own.  Jem is the older brother who is constantly initiating explorations, and Scout is the tomboyish younger sister who helps him stir up trouble.  Their mother died when they were small children, and Calpurnia was a black woman who kept house and watched over the children while Atticus was working as a lawyer.  It has many subplots, but the mainly the novel is about a legal case in which Atticus is fighting a battle he knows he can't win.  He is defending a black man, Tom Robinson, that he knows is not guilty of the murder of a white man.  As racism was still common during the depression, Tom Robinson was essentially automatically guilty, but Atticus decides to fight for him regardless.After reading this piece three times, I have come upon and changed many opinions concerning it.  The first time I read this novel, I didn't like it at all.  I didn't understand how a book could be titled To Kill a Mockingbird and only mention mockingbirds three times in its duration.  Reading it a second time with newly acquired maturity and comprehension, the title made more sense to me, making the reading experience less frustrating.  As a ninth grade honors English student, I was finally forced to take the book for more than its face value and truly appreciate all it had to offer.  The development of characters is exquisite, the uses of metaphors are intense, and the underlying theme of the novel was one that kept me coming back to further understand it.  Harper Lee spends a great deal of time describing new characters in this novel.  Although the specific details of the physical appearances, backgrounds, and mannerisms of each character might seem to some as redundant and a waste of good page space, I feel it really enriched the experience for me.  When I know that Calpurnia was ""all angles and bones; she was nearsighted; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard ,"" I can create an image in my mind.  I no longer picture a simple, black housekeeper; I see a woman who works with dedication and vigor.  I can imagine her standing in my own kitchen, squinting out the window at my brother and me causing trouble.  I feel that this descriptive mental image further ties me into the story.  The mockingbird is a simply a ""common grayish bird, especially of the southern U.S. that is remarkable for its exact imitations of the notes of other birds ,"" until it is used in this novel.  It then takes on a much deeper meaning as a contextual symbol.  In this novel, the use of symbolism as a metaphoric method is extremely prevalent.  Mockingbirds represent innocence.  When their uncle gives Scout and Jem air rifles, Atticus tells them they can shoot as many bluebirds as they want, but reminds them that, ""...it is a sin to kill a mockingbird. ""  This is because mockingbirds do one thing, and that is make music that people enjoy, as opposed to doing destructive things, like other birds.  To kill a mockingbird would be to kill an innocent creature, which is mirrored in Atticus' case with the innocent Tom Robinson.  This symbolism really made me interact with what I was reading, because it was a lesson I firmly believed in and was taught as I was growing up.  When a literary piece captures my beliefs or thoughts or feelings like that, it really connects me on a deeper level that makes the experience much more intense because it is personal.  Atticus also teaches his children that they can ""never really understand a person until you consider things from his point-of-view... "" This theme is not only something I can also relate to, but it is used in a repetitive, but not redundant, way in the novel.  Harper Lee provides examples of this so discreetly that it takes a great deal of focus to pick them out.  When a mob is threatening Atticus for his defense of Tom Robinson, Scout picks a man out of the crowd and talks to him about his child that is her age.  This made him back down from the mob's threats, because she put the man into her father's position, as a parent who was teaching right and wrong.  This need for heightened concentration on the text really made the book thrilling above its existing entertainment on the basic level.  When I had to give the extra attention to the small, seemingly unimportant events in the novel, it made the story come to life and provided me with a desire to delve further into what Harper Lee had hidden in this book for me to discover.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a literary work that has had an impact on my life in many ways.  I was encouraged to follow the lessons my parents had instilled in me during my childhood, including being understanding of other people and the challenges in their lives and recognizing, valuing and respecting innocence.  I really interacted with the characters and metaphors in a story for the first time while reading a novel.  I learned that novels can be much more complex than we take them to be, but sometimes it takes patience and focus to find out what the author is trying to tell us.  It was the first book I ever examined at a deeper level, and it is still the book I have spent the most time digging into and contemplating.  For this reason, I can say I truly liked this novel."
"One of the most unforgettable stories of all time, To Kill A Mockingbird becomes a landmark novel in American literature since its publication in 1960. It is a novel of a lawyer, Atticus, in the deep south defending a black man Tom Robinson charged with the rape of a white girl. Nine-years-old Jean Louise Atticus, from whom her father always shelters and whom neighbors often deems too young to understand the racial struggle, narrates the story. She does it with a stark manner and equanimity of an adult who is savvy of the law. Her perspective is unbridled of the biased and disapproving voices of the town, of which nobody does even one thing to help Tom Robinson, let alone risking one's own life to defend a black man who in the secret courts of men's hearts have no case. That simply being a black yields a disadvantage in the jury's deliberation let alone a black man who is allegedly convicted of an act of felony against a white person. Tom Robinson is dead as the girl opens her mouth and rains charges on him.A child's narration cuts to the core of hypocrisy: some of the most religious people turn their blind eye to an innocent black man who in the absence of any corroborative evidence is indicted on a capital charge and is on the trial of his life. Jean Louise's voice of the narrative might be hesitant, dubious, and questioning, she packs the novel with intimate voice of conversation, of people living and sorting out their lives and the whole racial entangle. Atticus therefore bears a formidable task to not only defend Tom Robinson but also to rebuff, with a righteous indignation, the inveterate discrimination against the blacks. He thrives to protect the children from absorbing the human ugliness: Why can't people get along with each other? Who do people get out of their way to despise one another? What really scares me is such racial labeling still exists now but in a subtler manner that no longer makes people feel broken. In the recent Katrina news coverage, the media labeled a black woman who waded through the hip-deep water hurling supplies out of a store a looter. Racial labeling pervades people like babies born with basic instincts: it renders a stereotype that is culpable of perception that is laden with judgment.Atticus knows that Tom Robinson's case, though it is as simple as black and white that it should never have come to trial, is something that dives right into the essence of a man's conscience. Conscience is the one thing that does not abide by the majority rule. It transcends all racial difference and confronts the intimacy of one's heart. That is the reason he wishes his children to embrace some ""ugly things"" that are concomitant of his defending a black man - for all he does is to abide by his conscience and to come clear of it. It is never an insult to be called what somebody thinks is a bad name, especially when one is defending a good cause against mendacious testimony. It just shows how poor and piteous people are when they with maddening superiority thrive to label and call name at others.To Kill A Mockingbird vehemently condemns those who recklessly bend the law at the expense of the innocent's life for the satisfaction of one's supremacy. It also satirizes self-righteous people who rave madly when anything involving a black person occurs. Every page of the novel reminds us that the fight for equality is yet over: it radiates a wave of racial tension and menacing undertow of conflict."
"I read this book as a free-read for class, my friends recomended it to me so I said, you know... what the heck I'll read it. and thats exactly what i did... there's not 1 person i know that read the book(all of it) and didn't like it... I think younger kids shouldn't read it though but around 6th or 7th grade is ok. this book made me want to live up to the morals of the book on day-to-day basis. I bet you the world, if everyone in this world used the books morals everyday and every second of our lives the world would be a better place... So yes i'll admit it, and i should say the book started out really slow... but when Scout(narrator) finds a summer-friend the book gets really interesting, i felt like the book was a movie rather than a book... as a 7th grader i think this book should be read by everyone... its a really great book that YOU yes YOU should read!!!!!!! so go ahead, if you think its too historic for you then thats your problem... your the one whos missing out... I am so ready to read this book again(2nd time)... enjoy!!"
"This is a review for the hardcover, 40th anniversary edition of ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  I specify this because To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the all-time greatest American books, and this isn't a review of the novel, but a review of the hardcover edition of the novel:The description for the book mentions that it is a hardcover special edition with a new ""Foreward"" by the author, Harper Lee, who hasn't been in the public eye since the book's original publication.  However, these facts stretch the truth a bit.The ""Foreward"" is simply a paragraph, taken from a letter from Lee to the editors of the book, that says she doesn't like Introductions to books.  What kind of a ""Foreward"" is that??  Is it worth paying $5.00 more for over a paperback edition?Also, the hardcover is not very well put together.  It is your standard unlaminated hardcover with glossy dustjacket, but the binding is cheap and the book will not survive several re-reads like a hardcover should be able to do.  In fact, if you want longevity I suggest going with a paperback edition... I've had mine for many years and it still is as strong as ever.Granted, the book does LOOK nice sitting in a shelf, especially if you are a collector of the various hardcover editions of the classics that have come out recently (""On the Road,"" ""The Bell Jar,"" ""Catcher in the Rye,"" all of Ayn Rand's novels, etc) but that isn't my purpose for owning books.  Each to his own, though.Two stars, because besides all the edition's faults it still IS ""To Kill a Mockingbird."""
"This is one book which never fails to make me smile and cry at the same time,everytime i read it.Atticus & Miss.Maudie bring back my faith that there are still some good people in this world(Iam not 65years old!!)and till the time people keep reading this book and be moved by it,there will still be(more the merrier!!).Everybody must read this to their chidren&grandchildren and gift it to their friends coz there's no other word for it than PERFECT !!"
"When I was 14 years old, I was a typical teenage boy of the times. Reading was more of a drudgery than it was an enjoyment. Then, I entered my freshman year and God's providence placed me under the guidance of an English teacher named Mrs. Lemke. She had an uncanny ability of matching students up with just the right reading assignments. A few weeks into my freshman year, after she had gotten to know her students, she assigned me two books, WATERSHIP DOWN and TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD, to read and report on. When I learned that one was about rabbits and the other, a little girl, I was furious. The least she could have done would be to give me westerns or war stories. Eventually, I conceded to the fact that the two books would have to be read and so began my journey into a life long love of books.  I credit those two books with totally changing my outlook or reading for the sake of enjoyment. What a brilliant teacher Mrs. Lemke proved to be and I thank God for putting her in my life.That was over 30 years ago and I would venture to say, I have read Harper Lee's TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD probably 15 times.  It's one of those rare volumes that you just have to take down off the shelf, dust it off and re-acquaint yourself with its brilliant narrative. I just consider it a travesty that Harper Lee wrote only this one single masterpiece. She had such a way of luring the reader into a love affair with her subjects.The story of Atticus Finch and his two children, Jem and Scout, or Jean Louise as she so detested being called, encompasses so many of life's lessons and virtues. We read as the children struggle with their father's identity, racial tension, social differences and a neighbor shrouded in mystery and myth. We romantically consider their world ""simpler times"", but to these two children and there good friend, Dill, they seemed anything but simple. And the portrait of their father, Atticus, is so magnificently portrayed by the author as a bastion of virtue. There should be a little bit of Atticus Finch in all of us.These days, I don't read much fiction, but this old favorite comes down every couple of years to be enjoyed over and over, and I can honestly say, with each reading, I enjoy it as much as ever. Thank you Harper Lee, for giving us this treasure, and thank you Mrs. Lemke for changing my life.Monty Rainey[...]"
"In 1962, To Kill a Mockingbird won a Pulitzer Prize. After reading it, I agree that it is a great book that deserves its fame.Harper Lee creates lovable, compassionate characters. Atticus Finch is the PERFECT man, therefore unrealistic, but hey it's a fictional story. Of course, there is no secret Lee modeled the characters in Mockingbird after real people in her life in Alabama. Lee is obviously Scout, her brother is Jem, and their childhood buddy Dill is Truman Capote.Even though much is made about the rape trial, this is really the backdrop story to Scout's, Jem's and Dill's plan to make the town recluse, Boo Radley, come out of his house. This sounds trivial, but Lee makes it work. It's actually interesting despite the fact nothing eventful happens until the end. One thing that bothers me is that Dill was not there when the ""big thing"" happened. Seems like Lee could have had it occur in another part of the season when Dill would be in Maycomb considering his invested interest for the previous two years. Other than this small nit-pick, Mockingbird is a warm, great, uncomplicatedly written, yet very complicated book. It's not complicated because of any great complexity. It's complicated because of the senselessness of racism and the seemingly helplessness of those who try to be fair."
I loved it.  I definitely see why it is a classic and required reading for students.  I read it for a private book club and I know I will have loads of stimulating conversation discussing it.
"The elusive, much-sought-after audio version of To Kill a Mockingbird has landed-at HarperCollins. The company will publish a new audio edition of Harper Lee's Pulitzer-Prize winning book in September under its Caedmon Audio imprint.To Kill a Mockingbird was previously available in audio format from Books on Tape and Recorded Books in the library and rental markets. In 1997 Audio Partners obtained the rights to sell the Books on Tape production, narrated by Roses Prichard, at retail, and that agreement ran through late 2002 when the license expired.The forthcoming audio edition of Mockingbird will be recorded in late April by an Academy Award-winning actress (who does not want her name divulged prior to the title's release) and is planned for unabridged CD and cassette formats.Lee's beloved novel is in familiar territory, as it was originally published by HC in 1960 and remains a strong seller for the company in hardcover, paperback and large print with over 30 million copies sold worldwide. (In addition to its many distinctions, the book was recently named, in a World Book Day poll conducted by Britain's Museum, Libraries and Archives Council, the number one book everyone should read before they die.)"
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee most certainly deserves its place among the classics.  It is a book that teaches the coexistence of good and evil of society with a very unpredictable story.  The story starts out as simple as just three kids trying to get a mysterious neighbor by the name of Boo Radley out of his house.  The story soon changes to the main characters trying to clear an innocent black man, Tom Robinson, who was framed for a crime and will be sentenced to death.  At this point, the story with Boo Radley is almost completely ignored.  You then wonder what the point of the beginning was.  But soon after the outcome of the court trial of Tom Robinson, you then wonder where the story is really going.  When you arrive at the ending, everything will all come together.  This is one of those books that gives more than just one scenario but leaves you hanging before they can be concluded.  The ending of the book then closes any open ends of the story and brings you to the lesson that the book is really trying to teach.  A book's ending really determines how good the story is and To Kill a Mockingbird's ending is something you will never forget.  I recommend this book to anyone regardless of their taste in books."
"Harper Lee writes this book and the way she wrote this book was real nice. The setting of this book happened around the 1930's when blacks are still discriminated.This book starts with a girl name Scout telling her story about her summer days in a small town called Maycomb. She acted more like a boy but the way she acts she is more mature compare to the kids with the same age. So this story she tells has two important parts, the frightened neighbor that live beside them, which later save her at the end and the rape case. The rape case in my opinion was the most exciting part of the story. When Scouts father defends for the black in the rape case. At that time, when a white is helping a black, it would be awkward.Overall this book really a must read book not because its a classic but it really tells you what happened during the south's at that time."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is the best book I ever read and why I said this is because the author, Harper Lee, simply describe every scene with descriptive languages. Harper Lee described the environment of those people inside the story during the Great Depression. Harper Lee simply used her ideas and descriptive languages to show us how does those children at that time having fun by themselves and finding out who is Boo Radely.The story begins with one of the main character, Scout which is also the narrator, showing a flashback of what happened before her brother Jem's arm was broken. Scout, Jem, and their friend Dill met many funny and nervous events and also telling us about their adventure of finding out who is Boo Radely. That also witnesses about the court scene where Atticus, which is Scout and Jem's father, helping Tom Robinson who is being accused from raping a girl.This book is really interesting because it describe about how the kids during that time think and do and their attitude facing everything. While your reading the story you will feel like your also one of the character which is really fun. So I strongly recommended this book to everyone since it is interesting and the events happening inside is nervous and exciting."
"Well I loved this book.I was travelling around in India at the time of reading, didn't have much choice of literature and just thought I'd read a bunch of classics.  This was one of them, and for the people who said this was difficult to read...I cannot understand where you are coming from.  This was a dream to read, I couldn't stop myself, I stayed up at night just to read this.  The characters - Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dil and Miss Maude being my favourites - are captivating and it is so easy to empathise with them.Some weird reviewer boasted having an IQ of 140 and not liking TKAM.  That is completely irrelevant - how can you imagine your review is more reliable simply because you have a logical mind?  Artistic appreciation is not measured in a number.  Just like your musicality is not measured by your ability to read music.This is human drama at its best - if you're interested in people and their relationships then this will be a most rewarding read.  If you're looking for an action-packed book, I wouldn't say this is it, but there are some intriguing plotlines and twists that I enjoyed very much.The reason that this book did not get five stars from me is simply because it didn't make me cry or laugh out loud that much.  It did stir considerable emotion in me, but it is not the best book I have ever read.  I loved the character of Atticus - although he may be a little bit too good to be true in the given context.  But you never know :-DHaving said that, I enjoyed reading this book profusely and would recommend it to anyone in search of a modern classic."
"Harper Lee's classic novel about Southern injustice during the 1930's provides a memorable read.  The story is told through the nostalgic eyes of Scout Finch, who describes her days as a young school girl living with her brother Jem and father Atticus Finch, a widowed attorney and very humane and courageous man.  Scout is a combination of still-innocent school girl and analytical thinker, and as she is puzzled by the cruelties and irrational feelings of certain adults.  The story centers on several themes, the most notable of which is Tom Robinson's trial.  Robinson is a black laborer falsely accused of raping a white woman.  Atticus Finch is appointed his public defender, and during the course of the trial Robinson's innocence becomes obvious to Scout and Jem (and to the reader).  But will evidence clearing a black man be enough to persuade the all-white jury in Alabama during the segregation era?This moving narrative was made into an equally good 1962 movie starring Gregory Peck and Mary Badham. The book and movie both arrived as the Southern establishment was still opposing racial fairness.  Some complain that this book is largely irrelevant given the realities of today's ghettos, but it remains a moving read."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a must read. Harper Lee has just actually drawn out the entire book by using descriptive scenes, Southern dialogues, and a variety of mood. She also vividly described the 1930s typical town environment that mingles with the Great Depression. Harper Lee has placed herself in a 6 year-old child's feet, giving the readers a funny and enjoyable perspective of what a little girl would think of reality and the cruel world.  The story begins when Scout (the narrator and the major character) introduces and brings us back to her past during the year where her brother broke his arm.  The book portrays Scout as a child who is advanced her age. Her behavior and actions are barely like a girl, but more like a carefree boy. Instead of crying and screaming when she is upset, she punches people. During the story, many conflicts happen. Scout and his friends try to force a spooky and notorious man out of his house. They later also witness the case where his father defends an African American who is accused of raping a white girl. This case hits disturbing waves in the town, causing his father's reputation to go down.  Even though this book is nearly 300 pages, it becomes very short when one starts reading. Other than the major conflict of the ""Rape"" case, the book contains paragraphs anecdotes, characters' analysis, and setting portrayals. And because of these, the entire story seems more like a picture rather than a literature. Reading the novel, you can see many elements such as the problem of discrimination, prejudice, class, and sex. This novel is like 2 books in one: an adventure and a history book. I would advise people to read this book for sure. It wins a 100% of my approval and recognition!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is Harper Lee's only novel and it clearly reflects how society is during the 1930s. The story takes place in Maycomb County, a fictional town in Alabama. Scout and Jem are two innocent children who think that the world, along with everything inside it, is good. However, their perspective changed gradually with their father, Atticus, who was to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman.At the beginning of the story, we get a peek of children's imagination and curiosity as they try to get Boo Radley to come of the house. Eventually, as the Tom Robinson trial begins, they began to see how cruel people can be towards others. The children eventually become more mature as they realize that adults, although mostly good, still have their blind spots like everyone else.Family is an important aspect of this story. From the conversations between Atticus and his children, one can tell immediately how great a father Atticus is. He is not only wise and humble, but caring as well. By teaching the children to stand up for what they believe even if others would despise them for it, Atticus wanted them to be righteous just like him. By defending Tom, he is setting a good example for Scout and Jem to follow.This novel contains many morals that one can unveil by carefully reading the book. Harper has a talent for capturing the reader's attention the moment they started reading the book. Throughout the novel, the reader's heart follows the plot of the story going up and down. One can actually feel being in the audience as the court progresses. It is a sin for not reading this great classic by Harper Lee!"
"For years, I have heard so much about both this movie and the book.  Having just finished the unabridged audio version of it, I can safely say that both are worth investing your time in.  Written from the point of view of a lawyer's daughter looking back on three years in her childhood, it is very obvious that author Harper Lee drew much of her book from her own life, and her descriptions of both the people and places are probably not just derived from thin air.  In fact, Gregory Peck's performance of Atticus Finch reminded her so much of her father, that she cried on the set of the film!True, this is a story about the cruelties of injustice and prejudice--very anger provoking and often managing to stereotype characters that really probably existed in Lee's world--but it also speaks about the common human condition we all share no matter where we are:  our collective human lack of infallibility.  With some wit, wisdom, and innocence that gives way to grace through the comprehension of human imperfection, we see the lives of Scout, Jem, and Dill unfold in the middle of controversy that need not exist if it weren't for the small minded logic that far too many people possess.  Innocence dies in the face of cruelty--like killing a mockingbird.  This is the reason the children are never the same after witnessing the unfair trial of Tom Robinson and, as one of them observed about Boo Radley, the town recluse, he hid in his house because he wanted to, and sometimes we want to do the same.Our hero Atticus Finch is a bit unbelievable in his overabundance of goodness, but he sets a great role model for his children, and I believe that Harper Lee idolized her father enough that she wrote the book to immortalize and place him on a pedestal.  We all have blind worship for at least one person in our lives, but I think the real purpose of Lee's novel was to stress integrity, honor, and graciousness in all walks of life.  In a world full of adversity, these three things are really all a person has, and the rest is just smoke and mirrors."
Why not go hardback when buying this ultra-excellent timeless piece of literature?  You won't be sorry you added this to your library.  Promise!  One of the best books I've ever read....
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the best books I have ever read! The story is set in a small, old town, Maycomb County, where a black man called Tom Robinson is accused of raping a white woman. Atticus Finch, who works at the state legislature, defends for Tom.  The story is written from the point of view of Scout Finch, who is Atticus's youngest daughter. Because of her innocence and curiosity, Scout often finds it hard to understand why adults act in certain ways. She makes simple, but true and honest remarks about the world around her - about how life can sometimes be so unfair. Scout's thoughts often make me reflect on my own opinions of life.  This book is definitely a page-turner! I am very touched by Scout's relationship with her family. To me, Atticus is the best father a daughter could ever ask for. He is intelligent and patient. By defending for Tom Robinson in court, Atticus teaches his children to follow their hearts and ""do the right things"" even when others condemn them for doing so.  By the time I finished the book, I felt like I was one of the characters in the story. I almost thought that I was standing beside Scout and watching her learn more and more about life. Harper Lee has written her book with such vivid details that any reader can easily be captured into the story she created."
"This a lyrical novel, written from a child's point of view, of the South, racial prejudice, and courage of one man. The child's point of view softens the hate and violence, but permits an innocence that promotes the theme of emerging conscience. Scout, Jem, and Atticus are well defined characters who form a loving family with children growing up amid ""the Southern problem"". The subtheme involving Boo Radley is tender, as the ""monster"" turns out to be a kind, but withdrawn, man (played by a young Robert Duvall in the movie version). As is often, but in this case truly, said: a must read."
"Harper Lee put pen to paper 50 years ago and wrote a classic. I re-read it recently and when I finished it I could not wait to recommend it to friends and family. It's a shame she didn't write any more books but, then again, maybe even Harper Lee realized she had written her masterpiece when it was published."
"I have to admit, this book started off slow. But then towards page fifty I began to understand why this book is so popular. Scout is so young and she doesn't understand much, but she's like most 8-year olds and she thinks fairly and begins to realize that most people are unfair and unjust, and that's just how it is.I liked how her relationship with Jem and Atticus don't really change throughout the book. When most people think of a love story they think of two people falling in love but this is a love story between a young girl and her family."
"Picked up this book from the library due to the reviews, plus heard from the coversation between 2 colleagues that it is a page-turner.However, it is to my disappointment from page 1 till page 40. I could not drag myself to wade through page 40. It seems like a book  with no clear objective to convey, it might have one, it failed to grap my attention. The first 40 pages talked about childhood memories of 3 kids, again without even any indication to the main story of whatsoever.It might be the greatest literature book as it claimed, it is just not my kind of book."
"The title says it all.  I was forced to read this book in the eigth grade, along with Romeo and Juliet and Things Fall Apart.  Before you get on my case, let me just say this: the book is boring.Say what you will, but this never picks up.  It starts out with Scout talking about how her brother once broke his arm.  Who cares? The book's most exiting part is extremely confusing, and don't tell me I'm stupid; I have an IQ of 140.  I personally prefer books that have something called action, such as Michael Chricton or Stephen King novels.If you're in for what Harper Lee calls a love story (even though there is no romance), go ahead and buy this book.  If, however, you are like me, and you prefer something exiting, skip this."
This book is set in the 1930's when the country was in the Great Depression. This book deals with the intense racism of the time. Good book for required reading in school.
"Who is innocent, and who is not? To Kill a Mockingbird, written by Harper Lee, is a perfect example to prove even with an outstanding defense in court, we cannot ever be sure how a case will turn out. Jean Louise Finch (referred to as Scout in the book) is the main character in this story. Her problems are not the most complicated, but she was considered young to start going through them: watching Atticus, her father, try to protect an African American man who was accused of raping a white girl and more simple- lessons about life. Scout faced difficult feelings for being a ""young girl"". She would become angry at life and anything else in it when she did not understand something or when it was not fair. That is how life is, right? Sharing some of the same problems with Scout are other characters Jem, her older brother by four years; Charles Baker Harris (Dill), Scout's boyfriend who was introduced early in the book; Atticus, her father and an excellent lawyer; Calpurnia, the African American housekeeper in charge of the children due to their mother's death while Scout was two; and Aunt Alexandria, a mean sister of Atticus that tries to teach Scout how to become lady-like. Throughout the tale, Scout learns how to live the ""civil"" way from her Aunt Alexandria. Scout was completely stubborn with her ideas because whatever she saw, she took in, would then comprehend it, and finally form her own opinion. Jem, Scout, and Dill were extremely determined to see ""Boo"" Radley release himself of his house because rumors proposed the idea of him being ghost-like, when all he did was keep to himself. This realistic fiction's theme in my opinion, we have to live life for ourselves because no one can live it for us. If that includes standing up for ourselves, then by all means do what we believe in. The way Harper Lee wrote this novel (flashback form told by Scout) reminded me of how Zora Neale Hurston wrote Their Eyes Were Watching God because they were both written in flashbacks. To Kill a Mockingbird had an unbelievingly shocking ending and was written flawlessly. The book kept me reading until the end, where multiple surprises were waiting. Depending on the part of the story I was in, I felt happy or other sections had made me feel horrible. These emotions were mostly based on how life used to be with racism and how life is today with racism. Although Harper Lee published this as her only book, she wrote a few articles for American magazines. An all-around excellent book with several lessons dealing with the different aspects of life, I recommend this to all who are old enough to understand and enjoy."
"This book is very nasty. It depicts scenes I would not care to see if I was being PAID. It's just a sick book. Dont read it, kids"
One of the best books I've read. The honest tones and no compromising attitude minus the vulgarity makes it a delightful read.I hope to read this book out loud to my children someday... and be the mother that Atticus was a father!I am so glad i bought a copy of the book- so's I can read it anytime and everytime I want- which i am doing!
"There are some books that are so good they make you a better person by just reading them and 'To Kill a Mocking Bird' is one that does just that. From the prose, to the characters, plot and sub-plots, it is an utterly enchanting book. Atticus Finch is one of my most beloved characters in all of literature. I find the book excruciatingly gentle and pure, due in part to the corruption of the main plot contrasted with the tender setting. Kids don't know any better, as Jem and Scout represent, that they are not supposed to like others for the color of their skin or the cloths that they wear. Only the adults infect the world with hatred, even though Scout's got some bad temper; it, too, is simple anger. As with all great stories there is an overwhelming sense of suspense about Boo Radley, the town and even the fact that Atticus is the best shot in the county. Although the gentleness of the setting and some of the characters,e.g Scout, Jem and Dill, there is yet an over arching sense of tragedy that hangs over the book. It almost seems that Scout is recounting, through the narration, an unimaginably horrible time of her life that only recently healed enough to recount. And yet the summer days with Dill and Jem are told with misty nostalgia of a better time and place, that could neverlast, but that is for grown-ups. Race is one of the main issues that faces America still, that dare to live up to the words ""that all men are created equal."" Just as pertinent today as when the Jim Crow laws were still in effect. Childhood is a time of innocence and forgiveness; where adulthood is hard and unjust. As Scout and Jem learn, even physically with Jem's twisted arm,the illusions of youth are ripped away, and the harsh realities stand out in stark contrast."
"Few books can claim to be in the same league as this one (""The Great Gatsby"" and ""The Grapes of Wrath"" comes to mind). It is a beautifully written story that through the eyes of child captures the stupidity of adult life, the dedication of man and ultimately the dignity of human beings. The girls naive questions, here longing for being allowed to do whatever she pleases and her fathers grand figure are so compellingly crafted that I was simply floored by the writers prose.We all know a Atticus, a Ewell and most importantly we all have bits and pieces left in our self that truly understands a child's bafflement over a complicated adult life. The parts within that never grooved up, that still becomes respectfully astonished with the life of our parents and the part that wants nothing but to play in the dusk of a warm summer night. This book reached in to my soul and touched a part of me that have been gone to long - from the time when summer meant playing, fishing and walking around in shear happiness knowing that life would always be like this, that my parents would never grow old and that I would live a happy life for ever. No other book has ever done that, it is simply amazing and to be read again and again. I would give it a thousand stars if I could."
"In the novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, it tells a story of standing up for justice and what you know is right. It is told from the point of view of Scout, the daughter of a lawyer. 1935, in the peaceful town of Maycomb, Alabama, a disruption of sorts occurs. Tom Robinson, an African-American, is charged on account of raping a white girl. Of course, at that time, when a black man was charged with felony, he was immediately presumed guilty. Atticus Finch, a respected lawyer believes in his innocent and steps up to defend him. A trial must take place in all fairness and as Atticus calmly states the facts, he also reveals the real culprit. Atticus asks numerous small questions that seem unimportant. However, the evidence shown from the answers makes it clear. The final verdict... well, you'll have to read the book to find out.  Meanwhile, Jem, Scout, and Dill have a little adventure of their own. Jem and Scout are the children of Atticus Finch. Dill is a strange boy who visits Maycomb every summer and comes to stay with his Aunt Caroline. They are determined to get the infamous Boo Radley out from his dark and mysterious house.  This book caught my eye because I had always wanted to read this book, but I never even knew what it was about. Just by reading the front flap, it seemed really interesting. I loved this book because of Harper Lee's language. He made Scout describe all the things she saw in such beautiful ways. It was creative and really used your mind's eye. It was as if I could see every scene right in front of me. Also, he discussed so many issues that are going on in some parts of the world. For example: the racism is evident and discussed. I saw how there was a lesson and moral that rung clear as a bell. Racism was and still is a problem now. Although he was good at showing points from history, I thought the strongest part was his description. It was detailed and very imaginative. I absolutely LOVED this book and now it is one of my all time favorites. This book is a great classic and a must-read. If you liked this book, I would suggest other great literature books such as, Catcher in the Rye."
"This is a really beautiful copy of an all-time favorite.  It's a good gift for someone who has already read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" and loved it."
"The book is about Jem and Scout live with their father, Atticus, who is a lawyer. The book takes place in the segregated south in a little town. Atticus is asked to defend Tom Robinson, a black man, on charges of rape and assault.My teacher recommended To Kill a Mockingbird screenplay to me. I liked the cover because its country looking, and I like country. The book was interesting.I recommend this book for people who like books set in the country and who are interested in discussion about race. Also, people who like suspense will enjoy this book and some who know about court a little. I feel this way because it's what I thought. The ending was good, but there was a little sad part at the end. I was dissatisfied because something happened that shouldn't have."
"·TJ Sheppard·TO Kill a Mockingbird screenplay·Harper Lee·1960·Warner Books Inc.·284·Middle School to Adult·Fiction·Race·5·Main characters; Atticus finch, Jem, Scout, Boo radley, Dill, Tom Robinson, Mayella Ewel.·The characters are believable. Boo because he changes most. Stays in his house but toward the end he comes out. Boo's not like the kids thought he was.·The book is about Jem and Scout live with their father, Atticus, who is a lawyer. The book takes place in the segregated south in a little town. Atticus is asked to defend Tom Robinson, a black man, on charges of rape and assault.·My teacher recommended To Kill a Mockingbird screenplay to me. I liked the cover because its country looking, and I like country. The book was interesting.·I recommend this book for people who like books set in the country and who are interested in discussion about race. Also, people who like suspense will enjoy this book and some who know about court a little. I feel this way because it's what I thought. The ending was good, but there was a little sad part at the end. I was dissatisfied because something happened that shouldn't have."
"In the book: To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee, the author is very varied in the writing. It tells the story from a girl, Scout, who is normally dis-regarded. She tells the powerful story of her father, Atticus who decides to take on the case of a black man. During these hard times, her brother, Jem and Scout were often hurt and made fun of for her father's decision of taking on this specific case especially when the African- Americans were looked down upon. The children deal with hurt and emotions run high in this powerful novel. It is the type of book that makes you cry as the read the most powerful words ever put down on paper."
"Being in High School, this is one of the many books that we are FORCED to read.  When this book was handed out one morning, the normal reaction occured.  Everybody looked at it as another book that we are all going to sleep through, and BS our way throught the tests and quiz's.  What happened next was to all of our suprises.  The book was mind blowing, mind inspiring, and mind turning.  The way Harper Lee can bring the plot 360 degrees, even in the very end when Scout is reitterating the book that Atticus has read to her, it all still fits in.  Reading this book will not be a waste of time, but a growing experience.  It will teach you how to grow as Scout has to realize that prejedice is one of the worst issues we deal with in this day and age, as in the 1930's.  As a 16 year old high school student, this book has changed me, and helped me to learn something that a book has never been able to teach me before."
"The first time I read this book, at the age of twelve, I really connected to the narrator's view on the novel's plotline, although I realize that I didn't particularly appreciate all of the plotline.  Now, after having read it several times, it is one of my favorite books that brings the civil rights movement in a different light than one learns about in history classes or other books.  The separate point of view, through the eyes of a little girl (although the language would make you think otherwise), demonstrates how unnecessary many of these stereotypes and predjudices were at the time the book was written (or at the present day).  Now, years later, the book is still an important one for poeple to read--the themes are universal, and it is simply good literature that is interesting and a wonderful book all around."
I reread this book semi-annually. This book is a reason to learn how to read and I am left speechless everytime I close the book.
"I have read this book four times. All I can say is this, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is the finest, most detailed, truthful, and important piece of literature to date. It describes humanity at its strongest, weakest, and most honorable moments. A true gem."
I know seems pretty uh werid.... Well yeah!  READ IT!  I'm telling you it is good.  Stop looking for a review that will capture you just read it my friend.  Thanks!!
"I think that this book is a rilly grate book. It rilly makes you think about how in the real life it afects the humans behavior to innocence. many people will look into this book and say,""this book sounds like some boaring book. I rilly think this book is a grate book and I learn alot from it, as others did too."
"Even though I don't usually like books about human dignity, I really liked this book because it was different from others with the same theme, which are usually boring. I especially liked it because in the end something shocking happens. Plus,if your are an international student, like I am, I really recommend it because it helps build your language. I suggest that you go home and open your copy right now!"
"...is a person's conscience...before I can live with other folks, I've got to live with myself. I can't live one way in town and another way in my home!  This is a precious little novel whose reading should be mandatory for children at school...and also for adults sometime in their long journey. It may not change their lives, but at least it could bring some guidelines in their existence...  ...you never really understand a person until you climb into his skin and walk around in it...sometimes the Bible in the hand of one man is worse than a whiskey bottle in the hand of another man...there are just some kind of men who're so busy worrying about the next world they've never learned to live in this one...it's not necessary to tell all you know - folks don't like to have somebody around knowing more than they do. It aggravates them. You're not gonna change any of them by talking right, they've got to want to learn themselves, and when they don't want to learn, there's nothing you can do but keep your mouth shut or talk their language...it's never an insult to be called what somebody thinks is a bad name. It just shows you how poor that person is, it doesn't hurt you personally...if there's just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go out of their way to despise each other? How can you hate Hitler so bad and then turn around and be ugly about folks right at home...they convicted an innocent young black man tonight - they've done it before, they did it tonight and they'll do it again tomorrow, and when they do it, seems that only children weep...a court is no better than each man sitting on the jury...a court is only as sound as its jury, and a jury is only as sound as the men who make it up...there's something in our world that makes men lose their heads - they couldn't be fair if they tried...people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box...it's not okay to hate anybody...having a gun around is an invitation to somebody to shoot you...  I wish every father in this planet were like Atticus Finch...then the children wouldn't be the only ones to weep when faced with injustice."
This is my favorite book of all time.  You know the one book you could have on a desert island.  It is so amazing on so many levels.  This should be required reading.  I only wish Harper Lee had written more.  This book is a must have.
"Behind the eyes of Scout; a young girl growing up in Alabama, Harper Lee's first novel helps us to realize the hardships of growing up in a place where everyone is against you. Lee paints a perfect picture of truth in the mind that readers will never forget.Atticus Finch is a successful attorney until he is given a case that could ruin his reputation as well as his family's. Doing what's in his heart, Atticus steps up to the plate and uses all his skills to fight for the life of a innocent black man accused of rape by the town lunatic; Mr. Ewell. As Atticus fights for the life of the innocent, he teaches his children an unforgettable lesson about doing what's right now matter how it affects you.To Kill a Mockingbird is a Pulitzer prized novel that will surely have you connecting to your own childhood as you watch the magic of growing up from a different perspective. This suspenseful story is about racism, youth, and from my opinion, most importantly of all, love."
"To Kill a Mocking BirdIn TO Kill a Mocking Bird by Haper Lee is an amazing realistic fiction tale about racism and family love in the south, during the 1930's. All of Haper Lee's characters have a fun southern accent witch we all enjoy.The most colorful voice is the narrator, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch the daughter of Attikus Finch and the sister of him, her big brother. Attikus is a lawyer in Maycom County, Alabama and is forced to defend a black man named Tom Robison who has been charged with a rape of a white women. This is the central event that links all of the scary and funny characters that Scout tells us about in her child hood. However the most mysterious character is Boo Radely, there next door neighbor is the object of much fascination for scout Jem and there little friend Dill. This book had such a huge impact in Alabama that even today parents are naming there children after characters in the book. It was turned into one of the most famous movies ever made with Gregory Pec.Haper Lee lets us see all the different races and economic classes that struggled or had power in the south at the time. She lets us see how Attikus fights to teach his children to live a moral life even though there is a lot of violence and racism around them.Haper Lee lets us see all the different races and economic classes that struggled or had power in the south at the time. She lets us see how Attikus fights to teach his children to live a moral life even though there is a lot of violence and racism around. This book won  Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, which is a famous prize in America, and the movie won an Academy Award."
"I first read this classic novel during my eighth grade year of junior high. Although I loved the book the first time I read it, I recently decided to pick it up and read it again for fun. Today, I am a high school chemistry teacher in a struggling school on the southside of Chicago. In light of both the education I have received since I last read the book and my experience with the wonderful students I wok with on a daily basis, I now realize that I missed much of the book's significance and wisdom my first time around.Whether you grow up in the suburbs, the country, or in an urban metropolis, the lessons of love, race, class, justice, and personal growth contained within the pages of To Kill a Mockingbird are invaluable to an individual's growth and development as a citizen of a our diverse democracy. The story narrates the events that occurred in the lives of a sister and brother, Scout and Jem Finch, over a time period of three years. Told through the viewpoint of an innocent child, Scout, the tale brings to life a town's struggle with racism. The book also brilliantly exposes the complex varieties of good and evil that exist within each of us.In Lee's tale, Scout's father and brilliant lawyer, Atticus Finch, defends a black man, Tom Robinson, wrongly accused of raping a white woman. Atticus's pursuit for honesty and truth demonstrates to all the importance of standing up and fighting for what is right. Without the individuals like Atticus Finch that have lived throughout our nation's history, we would not have the freedom we often take for granted.This novel is essential to the education of all children. It helps them understand the historical background behind of the social problems that still exist within our society today and, hopefully, inspires our youth to take an objective look at these problems and work to discover effective solutions to them."
"Harper Lee wrote a fantastic book. She teaches you lessons about racial prejudice and social class from Scout, the main character's point of view. Scout, who in the beginning of the book is a six year old girl and by the end of the book is nine, lives in Maycomb County, a sleepy, little, southern Alabama town in the 1930's. There is a lot of social class division and racism, but Scout's father, Atticus uses it to teach Scout and her older brother Jem about justice and fairness. It drew me in and made me understand what happens sometimes in life. The main plot in the book centers around a trial, where Atticus defends a black man accused of raping a white girl. It made me stop and think about racism and how wrong it is. It's not a book that you just read, you have to ponder it. It's a very black and white book without any gray. There are good characters and evil characters. There's a recluse, a drunkard and a purely good lawyer. Many characters are innocent in ways, but then the other side of them is very different.Scout has an interesting story. As the events go on, Scout's brother gradually starts to grow up mentally, physically, and emotionally while she grows up much slower. The recluse comes out to save her and her brother from the drunken man who vowed to ruin their father's life and almost did, and she starts to understand that there is another side to Maycomb. Before the trial there was only a hint of the racism and social class, during and after the trial Scout begins to realize how different some people are from other people and that the town has divided into three groups:  the blacks, the racists, and the non-racists. It always was that way, but she couldn't see it. So it is a lot about Scout growing up.I recommend this book for advanced young adults to read. It's a challenge to understand, but the lessons to be learned are important. So go ahead and picture yourself in a sleepy little southern Alabama in the 1930's town on a hot summer's day and imagine yourself as Scout playing with Jem in their fort..."
"Scout and Jem are two children living in Maycomb, Alabama. Maycomb is a very racist town.Scout and Jem venture through their town and neighborhood, learning about the mysterious stanger,meeting new friends, and dealing with the town's racist problems. This book is very interesting, it has many twists and turns, and MANY surprises. I feel that these were times when people were racist. I specifically enjoyed this book , I felt it spoke out to the readers , it truly has some very inspiratonal and symbolic parts. It truly is and Excellent novel"
"The book I just read is called ""To Kill A Mockingbird."" It is by Harper Lee. This book seem's real even though it's fiction. This book contains lessons, courage, rasciscm, and problems. I would reccomend this to anyone who ask's me about."
"My opinion on this book is really good. To me this book has alot of meaning with the racial actions, and the rude comments some of the characters in this book make. For an example when Bob Ewell says that atticus is a black person lover. It is like a real life story how it was in th old days. It shows how people stick together like Jem and Scout. Like when Scout always would try to kind of take care of Jem always wanted him to do safe things without the risk of getting cought in  a bad stunt he tried to pull. Now if it was up to me I would want Harper Lee to write another book because she has a great imagination and creativity. That is my review on the fantastic book called To Kill A Mockingbird"
"Harper Lee, To Kill a MockingbirdThe story has three main people in it and they are all related. Their names are Scout, Jem, and Atticus. The story goes through Scout's Childhood with her brother Jem. It goes through how they weatherd tough times with their father, Atticus.This book is a good book to read. It is exciting , suspenseful,and full of drama.I will agree with everything the book. Except for that I am a Christian, not a Baptist.Unlike many of the other books I've read, everything in the book is possible or can take place.In short, this book is good, but not so good."
"The book i just finishedwas, To Kill A Mockingbird. This book was writen by Harper Lee in 1962. This book is a fiction book. The main theme was courage and standing up for other people that might not be the same as you. It talked about rasim in the 1960's. The main problem (plot) of this book was a case about a black man raping a white girl. The book goes through the trail. At the end he is found guilty. This book is good, and very insteaing aswell. Read the book to find out more!!"
"The subject of To Kill A Mockingbird is courage. There is a young girl, Scout, telling the story. The setting is in Maycomb county in 1935, so you can guess that this book might be about racism. This in a fictional book, that feels like you're actually in the story. Harper Lee writes so well that you feel like you have to respond to what the characters are saying. It is mostly about how much courage one man has, and how he handles people treating people treating other people different because of their skin color. This is Harper Lee's first novel. To Kill A Mockingbird is a memorable book. You will definitely change your view on how some people act in the south. I personally liked the book. The issue of racism is not resolved after the book ends, but today it is mostly resolved. Scout tells the story like she sees it. She states her opinion openly with anyone. When you read this book, focus on how many lessons there are in To Kill A Mockingbird."
"The Book ""To kill a Mockingbird"" was a good book. at fist i was not in to the book because it stared out as a book taht really did not have any thing that was intresting or that grabed your attion. The  first part to me was not al taht good because nothing happen that was not new or was not unsually. althoguth  some things happen to people int he toen nothing happen to Jem and Scout. Even thought it is said to be fiction  to me it seamed to be so real when read it you will not belive it if fiction. along with th realness they had a lot of lessons that you could learn from it. Atticus ( Scout and Jems dad)  to me is the one  who taught very one  ant thing and  eveything. The Tom Robbinson case  was the part that  i rally got in to . when reading this i has alot of emothins. when you rad this you would have the some emotions. i would  reconmend this book to any one who would want to read it."
"To Kill A Mockingbird ;; By Harper Lee.Publishing Info. ;; Fictional.Theme ;; Growing up with racism, love, hate, joy, pain, killings, and betrayal.Summarizing ;; The book was complicating. It's about a little girl growing up in a harsh world and dealing with many deaths, drama, and racism.My Opinion ;; For being a fictional book it had a very real feeling to me and I love those kind's of books because it doesn't make it seem so obvious that it's fictional. Most people don't like books that don't seem real because it makes it seem like it could never happen in real life. I liked the dialog that the author used because it made the book seem not so boring. If she would've used no dialog then it would've made the book really boring and it wouldn't have got the readers attention. The book was very intense because you never really knew what was going to happen next, it's like it left you guessing after each chapter, so not only was it intense, but it was also unpredictable too. I liked how even though they had all this drama, betrayal, racism, and hate they also added in some mystery which usually gets the readers attention more easily because it hooks them and when your hooked you really don't want to stop reading which is what I did, I got hooked and didn't really want to stop reading the book because I wanted to know what was going to happen next and when I found out they left me with another cliff hanger so I had to keep reading more and more, and it just kept going on and on untill the end. They used alot of courage in this book. Each charactor used courage in their own different way."
"We just finished the book. I'm really excited because i really enjoyed reading it. It was an interesting story and i really got into it. It's not like other books I've read. I usually don't read these sorts of books but surprisingly i enjoyed this opne. Truthfully i didn't think i would like it towards the beginning. I started to catch on and actually read the chapters carefully, taking in every detail. It was hard for me to put the book down, always wanting to read on to figure out and piece together all the pieces. Its one of those books that you like and would suggest it to others to read. This is probably one of the best books I've read in a long time. I'm glad i got the chance to read it and I suggest you do too."
"The book I just finished reading was ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", by Harper Lee. This book is a fictional story, but when I read it, it all felt so real. There were many themes in this story. One is to walk in someone else's shoes before you criticize them or negatively judge them, which means to see their point of view. Another theme is courage. This is one of the main ones. Throughout this book, courage was shown. This book was a pretty good book. It will and can teach the readers many important things. I recommend this book to others."
I LOVE this book. One of my all time favorite books. Such a classic story of growing up and how disgustingly predjudice our country was in that era. It also sheds light on a broken family that is still functional. Probably more functional and supportive than a normal family. Atticus handels it all.
"This is my first attempt at writing a book review for amazon or otherwise, so forgive me if there's anything wrong with it.There are a few things that will make an instant good book for me. The first and foremost thing is if I can relate to it at all. No matter how farfetched the situations are, if the characters feel real or I can some how believe what's happening, what they're feeling then the book has achieved a great amount: that's the first sign of a good book. The second sign is the ending. If the ending blows me away and I'll be sitting with the last sentence, mouth ajar for a few minutes I know I've read a good book. The last thing is what it's about: if it feels like fluff  or like the author didn't have much of a reason to write the novel other than money then it's hard to read. If the book is expressing a huge feeling that the writer's desperate to get out or if the novel's bringing something of importance to our attention however, then it's worth reading. ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" had all these traits.When I first opened Harper Lee's only novel I wondered about it for the first few pages. Jean Louise Finch, the narrator of the novel, was giving the reader a historical timeline of her family, which didn't attract my attention and I was worried I wouldn't like it, but as soon as the story began I couldn't put it down. I have to admit I'm a very slow reader and even with short books that I love, Old Man and the Sea for example (a circa 100 page novella), it takes me about a week or two to get through. I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" in around 3 days. I'm not bragging or anything I'm just displaying it's grip. It's not a fast moving novel, it actually is slower and it just talks about normal life; but I couldn't leave the characters for too long because I developed such a strong bond with them instantaneously.I can't really go too far into the ending of the book because I don't want to give anything away but I must say that about two pages before the end my heart was twisting, not because it was sad (although it was in a way), because it was so powerful... so good.Now I don't think it's any surprise that ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" has important values tied to it. But I found that most all of the main messages of the book tie back to everyone being selfish and misunderstanding each other. There are numerous occasions of prejudice and you get the chance to see almost every character misunderstand and judge another.The book really connected with me and I would suggest it to people who like books that show real human beings and tell coming of age stories that have much more meaning to them than cheesy TV movies. I can understand people not liking this book however, for its slowness but I didn't find it slow at all: I could hardly put it down. Overall this book has been extremely enjoyable to read and I would call it one of my favourites."
"I have read, reread the book and viewed the movie at least 30 times.  In the story, Atticus Finch, who is the protagonist,  represents to me the most wonderful fantasy father. He has shown me a sense of safety, integrity, morality and the story made me want to be a better person.  In our lives today, we need real life examples of heroes like Atticus Finch.  The book and/or movie has consistently saved me from giving up on humanity. Bless you Harper Lee.Sherri RosenSherri Rosen Publicity, LLC, NYC"
"My 13 year old niece was looking for new books to read.  Something challenging.  I sent her all the classics: Steinbeck, Tolstoy, etc.  She called me and said ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" changed her life.So I had to reread the book.  I now understand why.  We live in California.  And this book struck a chord in my niece which will stay with her always.Some books are timeless."
"It was in 11th grade that I ran into this book in the school library and even back then I fell in love with it. But it was a week ago (4 years later), when I finished reading it for the second time, that I fully appreciated its brilliance. To my great joy, the author, Harper Lee is alive! In fact, she celebrated her 80th anniversary in April. So, besides planning to write to her to express my gratitude for her masterpiece, I intend to make her a belated birthday present. Now if I help you feel an urge to read To Kill a Mockingbird, moreover, if you really get round to reading it, I believe she'd be glad to have this present from you. Let me begin by mentioning that Harper Lee is said to consider her book as a simple love story. I don't know if she was serious really. If she wasn't joking, then what she meant by a love story was something quite different from the dictionary definition, because To Kill a Mockingbird is far from being a story about a romantic relationship. However, if we define a love story as a story about pure love and care for each other, a story about deep affection for our family, about concern for those we believe deserve our respect and trust, then it is the most touching and moving love story I have ever read. The plot covers just a few years, which, however, seem like a long time because during that time the two protagonists - Scout and her elder brother Jem - learn their crucial lessons about life. In this sense, the book could rightfully be defined as a bildungsroman. The story is told by Scout who looks back on her childhood with greater understanding than when she was little. In fact, judging by the way she relates those days, back then she only relied on her intuition to grasp what was happening and what she was being told. Actually, this was exactly what helped her see things more clearly. As a Mr. Raymond told her and her friend Dill one day, `...you are children and you can understand it.' To cite Mr. Raymond again, the book is about ""the simple hell people give other people - without even thinking...the hell white people give colored folks, without even stopping to think they're people, too."" But it is not just a story about racial segregation and severe discrimination. Scout tells us about the way her father and the cook Calpurnia bring them up. Thus, To Kill a Mockingbird could also be considered a handbook for raising a child. I myself reckon that it has already influenced the way I would treat a child of mine. And this is another reason why I am grateful to Harper Lee. The approach of Atticus (the children's father) to Scout and Jem is definitely one to be admired. Every other thing he says or does is worth quoting as an example to follow. One of the very first lessons he teaches Scout is one of empathy: ""First of all,' he said, ""if you can learn a simple trick, Scout, you'll get along a lot better with all kinds of folks. You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view - "" ""Sir?"" "" - until you climb into his skin and walk around in it."" Ironically, this very first lesson plays a major role in her understanding of matters, events and controversy that would otherwise be above her comprehension. Ironically, I say, because very few people in the small town in Alabama where she lives were taught that same lesson.  Despite all the bitterness in it, To Kill a Mockingbird is also a fun read, sometimes even hilarious. What mainly contributes to this effect is Scout's perspective of her family, the townsfolk, and everything she witnesses. Were these accounts not a child's ones, they would often sound as sarcastic remarks...for Scout's forthrightness.  To conclude, I regard this novel as an unquestionable masterpiece. To be honest, I cannot wait to read it again. What is peculiar about it is the fact that as much as the plot involves the reader, and as poignant as the climax is, I don't think there is a real climax. The suspense and the emotional intensity built up from the very first page don't really leave us after the alleged climax, but even grow stronger. And what resonates with us is that ""it is a sin to kill a mockingbird""."
"In the book, To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee shows the values in life that we should all go by. Scout, a young girl, her brother Jem, and Atticus Finch are a family that lives in the early 1900's in a small town called Maycomb. It's a racist town that discriminates against black people. Their father takes on a trial of defending a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been tried with rape. He feels that is morally right, and that it would be a sin to not do it, just like killing a mockingbird, one of the most harmless animals on earth. My reaction to the Novel was that I feel like we all live life in the way that we shouldn't. We should use the sang ""It's a Sin to kill a mockingbird"". To me, it's a way of expressing how we should treat each other. We should all help each other out, even in the worst possible situations. We should help someone, even if the people around us will hate us for it. It would be something that would be right to do and it would be a nice thing for our life. It also makes me take life a little bit slower. We shouldn't rush through things just to get it done, and we shouldn't rush through it so we don't have to experience the pain/sorrow. We should all help each other. I recommend this because we could all learn something from it. How it can help us later and now in life. How we can help people in need. It's a very good book that anyone would enjoy. It will take you to a place that you would least expect to read about in the active life we live today. It would teach us true meanings about life. Anyone can read it, and they will probably like it. I didn't want to read it at first, and it thought it would be boring. But I got into it quickly and it taught me something and I never expected to."
"Harper Lee makes an excellent debut with ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", a story that examines racial issues and other issues through the eyes of an 8-year-old tomboy named Scout Finch. Scout lives in the small town of Maycomb in Alabama. The novel examines her life and how she responds to large-scale issues and small, petty problems in her own life. This novel is more of a slice of life, with the main narrative problem and solution not coming until the end.Scout Finch is 8 years old when the story begins. She spends most of her time acting out stories with her brother Jem and their beloved friend Dill. The trio also has a fascination with Boo Radley, a man who has evolved into an urban legend. The three make it their goal to make him leave his house. The book focuses on Scout's small worldview for the first half or so, how all she cares about is making Boo Radley come out and acting out plays in the summer. That all changes when her father, Atticus, decides to defend a young black man accused of rape. As racial issues and prejudices broaden Scout's view of things, we can only go along for the ride.This is a true masterpiece, with excellent characters like Atticus and Dill, along with the youthful innocence of Scout. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a classic, a read that truly depicts life in a way I had never experienced before."
"This book is a classic - that is fact, not opinion.  It is one of my favorite books that I've ever read. Beautifully written, intriguing subject matter, characters that you could analyze for days....literary perfection."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is set in a small town in Alabama called Maycomb. This book is told in first person through a young girl named Scout's eyes. Scout's dad, Atticus is a lawyer who is fighting for a black man accused of rape. Scout notices how all of her white neighbors think of Atticus and the black person he is defending. This perspective shows how cruel, racist, and unjust this small town in Alabama really is, and how it seems her family is the only white family to notice. She is taunted by her fellow acquaintances and everyone teases her about her family, and especially her dad.  Her family must cope through many different people with all the same opinion, in order to achieve justice. This influential book shows both how atrocious and great human nature can be. I really enjoyed this book, and the powerful message that it conveys. I thought all of the characters were likeable in all different areas, no matter how mean they appeared. This book showed me just how much human nature can both help and tear apart even the smallest community, and only with knowledge can communities be mended."
"My second book I read for trimester three was To Kill A Mockingbird written by Harper Lee. The main conflict in the book was about Atticus trying to win a rape trial including a black guy. The book was very exciting to read. I thought it was exciting because the trial kept going back and fourth and I never knew who was going to win. I was not able to feel in the book because the time period was way off and I couldn't make many connections to the book. The main conflict was very interesting because I never knew who was going to win the trial and it always kept me guessing. I thought that characters in the book were very realistic because the author explained them perfect and made them face real life situations. I thought that the ending was a bit disappointing, but it was what I was expecting. I wasn't so happy with the ending because the person that won in the trial wasn't the one I wanted to win. The author wrote with a narrative southern voice. The author's voice was southern like the characters. The author uses vocabulary in a very interesting way. He uses difficult words through out the book but they aren't to difficult that you can't understanding them. I think the author wrote in a very unique way. It was really unique when the author talked in a southern voice like the characters did. The author also explained everything so perfect which made the book one hundred times better. The author used a lot of dialogue in this book. The author had to use a lot of dialogue because of the trial and there were a ton of people talking at different times. I thought that this author wrote this book perfect. He explained everything perfectly for me and I always knew what was happening. I would give this book an eight out of ten. I give it this rating because I am not very satisfied with the ending but it was overall a great book. I recommend this book to kids thirteen and older because they will understand it a whole lot better. I also recommend this book to people who want a very good book that is challenging. Overall I thought that this was a great book. I really thought the author did a good job writing this book and I am looking forward to other books written by him. I think the greatest thing about this book is how the author always keeps you guessing through the trial and never gave away who was going to win during the book. Something I didn't mention in previous sections was that Atticus' kids were afraid of the neighbor's house because he never came out and they never saw him and they thought he was like a mass murderer or something. The neighbor was overall a great guy and the kids noticed that during the book. If you want to know more about the book then go out and read it yourself because if I told you more I would give the book away."
"The book To Kill A Mockingbird takes place in 1930s Maycomb County, Alabama. The book, by Harper Lee, tells us about an 8-year-old girl, Scout Finch, and her life starting from the summer before her first year at school. She and her brother, Jem Finch and their friend, Dill Harris, have many fun adventures, like trying to talk to the mysterious Boo Radley, or rolling around in a tire. The central theme of the book is courage, and it is shown in the more serious second part of the book, when their father, Atticus Finch, must defend a black man in a rape trial to a racist town and an all-white courtroom. In this part, more intense issues that are addressed include  racism and equal rights. If you read this book, you can definitely tell what parts show the family's courage in trying to deal with their father's trial."
"To kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee was an excellent book. The book is a memorable story that will be around for generations to comeIt's a fictional story but with a real 1930's twist(racism). She had alot of courage in her book. It took place in Maycomb County, Alabama, which was a sleepy little town. Most of the book is the life of two children and the strange stor of the eery man next door, Boo Radley. Then it goes on to the trial of Tom Robinson. Then comes the mysterious murder attempt. The book has an uncountable number of life long lessons through the stories fo the children. It incoporates the terrifying realisms of racism in the South. The book is exciting and has surprises lurking behind of every corner. To get the true joy of this book you'll just have to read it yourself."
"Scout is a young girl living in Alabama. This book is about her adventures, especially when they concern her mysterious neighbor, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley. This is back when blacks were treated less equally than whites. Her father is a lawyer, and he gets a difficult case where he defends a black man against a white family. This turns out to be one of the biggest mistakes in the book.  This book is one of the most memorable books I have ever read. There are a lot of underlying lessons throughout the book."
Harper Lee To Kill a Mockingbird Fictionthe theme was everyone should be treated equally.back in 1930's Alabama It mainly compared people to MockingbirdsIt was interesting and I thought was book was OKI agree that everyone should be treated equally
To Kill A Mockingbird  BY:Harper Lee  This book is an ok book...its not the best book
"Lee, Harper, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD, fiction, published by J.B. Lippin Co subsidary of Harper and Row  Summary: A young girl grows up in Alabama in the 1930s. Her father, a lawyer, takes the case of a black man.  This is a memorable book with lots of important lessons and morals. This book is also entertaining because you get to read about Scout growing up. This book is an amazing piece of writing. This book raises issues that can be used in discussions. The issues are easily to understand and are layed out in the book. The ending was very unexpected and surprising. I couldn't put the book down. I finished the book with a satisfied feeling. I especially like Atticus's view about courage. This book is different from other books I have read. There is a lot of symbolism and hidden meanings, so you have to pay attention to the story. This is an awesome book that will stay in your head for the rest of your life."
"THIS BOOK IS BORING!There's no other word to describe it.I just wasen't interested in this book.And they call this a ""timeless classic""!Bah,humbug!If I had a cookie for every time I heard that, I'd be a very fat kid!"
To Kill A Mockingbird in an inspring book.  It is in the top three out of all of the book I've read.  The author did a great job of helping the reader see everyhing that is going on.
"This novel by Harper Lee is fiction. The theme of this novel is courage and the right to have justice.The general problem in this book is that the two Finch children and their friend Dill, fear a spooky neighbor who they call Boo Radley. It also deals with thier father and his profession.  There is a bizzare neighbor in which the children of Maycomb have feared for many years.This book is faced with a controversial that changes a man's life. I would reccomend this novel to a deep reader who enjoys suspense."
This was an exciting book. It has so many twists. This book teaches you alot of life lessons.
TThe book called To Kill A Mockingbird was an o.k book. I think that it wasnt fair that they killed tom they could have switched something in for that. But anyways as I was saying. it was very exciting though. my favorite part was when they were in the court....Suspense...if I had questions for the author I would ask him only this....why is the book called to kill a mocking birdie mean not to be rude.
"This book is about a Southern Alabama lawyer who is assigned to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman. It takes place in the 1930's and is told from the point of view from his daughter, Scout Finch. Scout describes the experience of the major events and adventures her and her brother face while growing up."
"The local lawyer's childrern, Scout and Jem Finch, meet a new friend from out of town. They have several adventures based on their mysterious neighbor. Later on their father is asked to defend an African- American male on trial for rape charges in am prejudiced town in 1930s Alabama."
"To Kill a MockinbirdHarper Lee  The setting takes place in the state of alabama in the 1930s.To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book that calls the reality of racism to mind. The story also helps you learn the true meanings of courage, trust, loyalty,and friendship.The most important skill in this book is love shown by many of the characters in the book i really enjoyed reading this book and would recomend it to any reader."
"Haper Lee has produced a well written novel about courage and prejudice.  As the book is told from Scout's point of view, Atticus has decided to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, against the words of a white woman.  This story shows what it was like to live in Alabama in the 1930s.  The characters really put a lot of voice into the book.  This is truely a five star peice."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, this fiction but almost real book setting in 1930s Maycomb,Alabama has a terrific theme that blows your mind. Treat everyone equal whether they are black or white. It all started in the summer when Jem and Scout Finch went looking for an adventure.To try and sneak a peek on Boo Radley who has not been out of his house for so many years.A couple years later Jem and Scout's father is found in a courtroom defending a black man in a very contraversial trial."
"Harper lees To Kill A Mockingbird was a fictional story of courage,fate,and curiosity. young scout and her brother Jem grow up in this book learning lessons about courage and adventure. Thei father Atticus,(an old as dirt lawyer),is faced with a contriversial tril,against an acused rapist.Boo Radley,(the neighborhood psyco)turns out not to be such a psycho! The book is very interesting!You want to read on and find out what happens next!"
"Jem and Scout, brother and sister, are being raised by their lawyer father, Atticus with the help of a black housekeeper, Calpurnia. They all undergo big changes. One neighbor of theirs really interests the kids because he hasn't stepped foot outside. Almost in the middle of the book, Atticus represents a black man named Tom Robinson, who was accused of harmful things that had been committed. People are very rude to the Finch family. They have to put up with the racial comments. One of the themes in this book would have to be: All men should be created equal no matter the color of their skin. I highly recommend this book for teenagers!"
"To Kill a MockingbirdBy: Harper LeeFictionA young girl, Scout, and her brother, Jem, are growing up in 1930s Alabama. Their father is a lawyer going through a difficult case with a young black male who is being accused for raping a young white girl. Their father Atticus hellps them to understand better the things that are happening. The fact that it is 1930s the rasism  issue is at a bad point. This story is very suspenseful and suprising. It's suspenseful, because the author gets you started and takes you back through the story and adds in a few different unexpected events."
"Theme--courage is more than a big man with a big gun.-don't judge a man until you walk a mile in his shoes.Backround--1930s-Maycomb,AlabamaDescribe: I think tha this book is instructive because it has a lot of lessons in it.Agree: I do agree that you shouldn't judge someone until you walk a mile in there shoes. I think that people shouldn't have the right to judge others, period.Disagree: Something I disagree in the book when Jem got a big cake and the others (Scout and Dill) got one small piece. I think that no matter how old you are you should get about the same amount of most things.issues: That just because you don't show off your courage doesn't mean you don't have any. One matter it let out was how how Boo knew that something bad was going to happen to Jem and Scout.I think that you should read this book! It's great!"
"This seems to be one of those books many schools are requiring kids to read. I have to admit, if you have to read a book for school, this books ain't bad. I mean would you rather read The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (which I personally thought was a bore), or To Kill a Mockingbird (not nearly as bad)? If you get a choice between a list of books, I'd pick this one. I wouldn't watch the movie though. That music is just too much. Terrible music. Only two songs and the worst part- THEY STICK IN YOUR HEAD FOR DAYS!But back to the book, I guess it's actually pretty good. I like reading good quality literature and this definately makes the cut. It's probably not appropriate for younger children seeing as it deals with racism and rape but it doesn't go into much detail so its okay for middle school and up. I would probably even let a 5th grader read it or a mature 4th grader.Yeah, the book...um, i guess I probably would have read it even if it wasn't assigned cuz it's pretty good and doesn't take that long to read. It kinda depends on your style I guess."
"I absolutely adore this book. I first had to read it in my sophomore high school English class, and I thought at first I would hate it. But once I started, I fell in love with it and didn't want to put it down. It's hilarious at some parts, but I cried at some. Definitely a ""classic."""
"I read this book over the course of 2 months. It is just beautifully well-written. No wonder it's a classic! It has humor, a strong climax, well-described characters with each adding a key part to the novel. However, it gives no useful advice on killing mockingbirds. Okay seriously, I HIGHLY recommend this book. Well done."
"This story elequently tells the story of the progression of the life of an initially eight year old child by the nickname of scout finch. This allows for the perspective of an innocent eye initially in the novel, though as time progresses and matters become more serious this outlook it easily taken aback because of the increasing maturity of the child. Harper Lee takes her time in getting to the story, though this sort of writing, which first builds a familiarity with the characters before setting the personalities they contain into conflict, allows for a more rich experience in the climax."
"Jean Louis, a little white girl, witnessed the discrimination that an African American was accused to rape a young while woman whose family had bad reputation; however, the African American did not rape the woman who was hurt by her father. Would the African American be set free with the help of Jean Louis' father, Atticus, who had good reputation in the law area or be put in jail? Would this event affect Jean's pure life? This book is full of childhood, happiness, and sadness. Moreover, the more you read, the more surprise you would get."
"I wish someone had imposed this when I was in High School. This is just the book I would have enjoyed reading back then and enjoyed reading even now. The books just takes you back in time. The characters seem so real. Details like describing a frock that Scout wears to Church or women gossiping over afternoon tea will take you back in time. I am still hung over the town, its serenity and all its secrets.Left me wondering how I missed such a good book for so long :)"
"Reminding me of the joys of youth, honesty, responsibility...won't ever skip out on jury duty again...a beautiful book."
"Great classic book. No matter how the world changes, this story will always ring true. Easy read on a lazy afternoon. You'll fall in love with the characters."
"I was shocked to see such a classic on Amazons best sellers list. I read this book 18 years ago in High School as an assignment. I can still remember the name of the main character Scout and I can vividly remember the writing brought her to life. It seems as if I was there, I remember the hot court room where her father defended a black man accused of rape of a ""White trash"" woman. I can remeber scout being attacked in the woods while wearing a halloween costume.I remember the sounds, and darkness almost as if it was a memory. For a book to leave such a mark on a 16 year old 18 years ago is a feat. If you love literature and vivid living writing you will love this book."
"I never read this book when I was young, but decided to read it when my children were assigned to read it (along with other classics like The Giver, Catcher in the Rye, etc.).  What a great book.  I have read accounts of real-life cases in the last century just like portrayed in the book, and all too often the same kind of frame-jobs are being done today.What a great analysis of a multitude of characters with very real motivations for the good and evil they do.  I really like the book and think it belongs in the pantheon of literature for a well-rounded liberal education."
"When did ISBN's come into use? The 1962 Popluar Library paperback edition (price: 60 cents) that I own has a Library of Congress card catalogue number. I also have the fortieth anniversary edition.I grew up about forty miles from Miss Lee's hometown. I graduated from Miss Lee's alma mater, the University of Alabama. I have climbed to the top of the clock tower of the courthouse made famous in this book.I grew up a couple of decades after Scout, a couple of dozen miles down the road, in another small Alabama town. I read To Kill a Mockingbird as a child, and reread it every year or so. My paperback copy is held together with Scotch tape. My anniversary edition is a treasure I do not lend out.As a child who lived pretty much the same childhood as Scout and Jem, I identified heavily with them, and like most who have read and loved this American Classic, I have longed for a father like Atticus.It is no exaggeration to state that this novel, more than any other, influenced my thinking, and shaped my life. I am a writer, you see. It is certainly no surprise to me that readers tell me they see similarities between my first novel and the one that told the story of my own childhood better than I ever could, the one that certainly influenced both my desire to write and the topics I choose to write about.Whenever I think that I might write a memoir of growing up in Alabama, I read this book again, and know that I don't need to. Miss Lee told my own story, those long, dusty summers filled with friends and playing outdoors, the neighborhoods where everyone knew all the children and generally, what they were doing, the lurid rumors and legends constructed of gossip and cautionary tales, secret pacts and promises, moss-covered trees hanging over slow muddy rivers, the far-off rumblings of trouble and upsets as the civil rights movement marched inexorably closer to us, and the quiet in which it finally came to face us. I remember the silence in which they marched, and I remember reading To Kill a Mockingbird again, lying on my bed, windows open to non-existent breezes, wondering. Was Tom Robinson real? Did that really happen? What is happening now? Can I stop it? Can I do something? With all the restless yearning inside me, at ten years old, I reached for something, reading that book, lying on my back, staring at the ceiling, trying to see clearly what was coming.When I read this book, I remember Scout, the little girl who fought against change, who didn't quite understand the changes that happened despite her best efforts, and I see the girl that I was, straining to see, to understand. I wanted Scout to be my best friend, and you know what? She was. I have always liked books better than people. Some books are better friends than many people I know. Some books have helped me more, sustained me, taught me, kept me entertained, and led me closer to the person I want to be, than any person ever could. Like Scout, I am too stubborn to be told what to do and what to think. But books, that's something else.To Kill a Mockingbird will remain a treasured, dear old friend."
"Like many youngsters, I was assigned To Kill a Mockingbird to read as a 15 year old. Unlike most, however, the assignment was for speed reading class . . . rather than American Literature.Don't ever read this book for speed reading class.I always intended to get back to the book for a more leisurely reading that would allow me to take in the obvious brilliance of Harper Lee in more ways.  I was pleased to find that my local library offered an unabridged reading by Roses Prichard (an actress with a Ph.D. in Communications from the University of Southern California) for Books on Tape.In the first 15 seconds, I knew I had made a winning choice.  Roses Prichard turns Scout (Jean Louise) Finch into a girl you'll feel like you've known all your life.  Take the time to find this wonderful recording:  You'll discover more in this book than you've ever thought could be in a book describing the thoughts and experiences of a five- to eight-year-old narrator.Jem and Scout Finch are the only children of Atticus Finch, a highly principled lawyer in the small Southern town of Macomb, Alabama, whose wife died young of a heart attack. Unlike many novelists who cram their story into a few hours or days, Harper Lee showed the good sense to give us the family history and to let the children grow up over a few years before entering the heart of her tale. It's good story-telling and is great for character development.Jem is five years older than Scout but tolerates her company as long as she doesn't start acting like a girl.  That's fine with Scout who prefers overalls to dresses any day.  As Jem grows older, he finds himself taking on the role of protector as well.The children acquire a summer friend, Dill, and decide they want to meet the reclusive Arthur (Boo) Radley, a neighbor who always stays indoors.  They have many adventures that will remind you of Tom Sawyer and Becky Thatcher in Injun Joe's cave.The book is written in pre-Civil-Rights-era Alabama when consciousness of the bad things done to African Americans wasn't very well developed among those who weren't African Americans.  The only people in the story who seemed to appreciate the full horror of discrimination are those who are honestly trying to live the Christian life.  But even many practicing Christians proved to be blind to their African American neighbors' needs and concerns.Harper Lee does a fine job of skewering all of those who are hypocrites on the subject of race.  She even takes an appropriate shot at northerners who avoid the company of African Americans.In a way, this book was The Uncle Tom's Cabin of the Civil Rights Movement, developing the consciousness that helped to change some attitudes towards African Americans.The story also features lots of insights into Southern ""justice"" of the day -- inside the court, in the jury box, in jail, and in prison.  To bring the evils of the attitudes to bear, Harper Lee tells us that it's wrong to kill a mockingbird . . . they only sing for us to enjoy and don't do any harm.  By the end of the book, some of those in Macomb begin to feel that way about harmless human beings who do good, as well.You can learn more about Southern culture and attitudes in the early 1960s by reading this book than by studying a dozen nonfiction texts.  Harper Lee got it right.  One of the lightning rods for racial tension in those days was unwarranted sexual fear of African-American males.  That theme is fully developed through having an African-American be accused of raping a white woman.But what I think makes this book timeless is its focus on what it means to be a good person . . . the story of Atticus Finch and his struggles with being both a good man and a good father.But years from now you won't forget Scout:  She's one of the great heroines in American literature and an important prototype of what the next generation should have become in loving other people.Appreciate the untapped potential all around you!"
"Having read this book many years ago, I reread it before reading the book, ""Mockingbird"".  If you liked ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" then by all means read ""Mockingbird"", which is a story about Lee Harper, the author of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  ""Mockingbird"" tells of Lee Harper, her one book career, her friendship with Truman Capote, and her role in helping him write ""In Cold Blood"".  It also shows how she wrote Truman Capote as a child into her book.  You'll want to read both books."
"I believe the greatest elements in this book are its good, decent, praiseworthy characters. Harper Lee creates a time and place where each character is flawed and fallible, yet her work lifts the reader to a more noble and lovely view of our world. Atticus Finch is a believably moral man with lofty principles, yet we see his hesitations and stumblings as a father and public defender. Scout, Atticus' daughter, and Jem, his son, act out in youthful fits of rage and misunderstanding, yet the deep love and unbounded admiration they feel for their father is heartwarming.The fact that Lee weaves threads of race and human rights and class distinction so skillfully into this tale is partly why I believe this book is such a beloved classic. Atticus is a single white father raising his two children with the help of a black housekeeper in Alabama during the 1930s. As Lee unfolds the family's story, we as readers are allowed to step back in time and possibly begin to understand what life may have been like from the perspective of young and old, black and white, and the poor and privileged. In the latter half of the book, Atticus is called upon to legally defend a black man for allegedly raping a white woman, and the trials he and his family suffer as a result make this book sing with conflict and weighty moral decisions.Furthermore, I very much liked Lee's folksy and funny and frequently beautiful language and her skill in penning creative and insightful sentences of high literary value.Recently I read or heard somewhere that Atticus Finch was determined from the results of a vast survey to be one of the most revered fictional characters in literature. In my opinion, Lee's Atticus deserves that distinction. I give this book my highest recommendation."
"Best novel of the 20th century read by a great actress with a great voice for this story. To Kill a Mockingbird is, in my opinion, the quintessential and best novel for America in the 20th century. Sissy Spacek's reading of the story is wonderful in that her voice has just enough of a Southern twang and the little hoarseness that I associate, in my mind, with the main character -- Scout Finch (even though you could tell that she had a cold or allergies or something while reading this because there are a few parts where her voice is noticeably stuffy). I've read this story over and over for the last 30 years so I know it well but listening to Spaced read it aloud was a new way to enjoy my favorite booka nd film."
"This book is simple enough stylistically for a child to read and enjoy, yet rich enough to satisfy and reward adults.  The characters draw you in and are developed well as the plot progresses.  This is a story that will stay with you for years and make you reflect on stereotypes, judgmental attitudes and how we should treat each other as members of the human family. Highly recommended."
"i just finished reading ""to kill a mockingbird"" two days ago and it has still not left my mind, the characters harper lee creates wrap a blanket around your heart and show you a different side of life and loving and understanding one another, atticus finch is to me the ultimate figurehead of  loving in the face of immeasurable injustice (and when read and compared to trials of modern day, the lessons taught from his character only seem greater and more profound) and the book as a whole struck me in such a way that it left me now as a changed and better person, i waited far too long to read this book."
"I was really expecting the definintive reading of this fantastic classic but was disappointed in Sissy's reading.  It is stiff, slow, and a bit forced.  She reads like she's reading to a 2nd grader rather than reading about one, working too hard to be completely articulate.  It is worse at the beginning of chapters and loosens up some in the middle but is disappointing from such a fine actress.  If the Roses Pritchard version comes out on CDs, I'd rather have it."
"Roses Pritchard did the audio on cassettes ten to fifteen years ago.  Frankly, I enjoy her rendition much more that the audio on CD with Sissy Spacek.  I am just not hearing much expression in Spacek's voice...very bland.I was also disappointed that the first CD in the set has a defect.  I don't know if there will be others in the set of eleven CD's or how much trouble it will be to try to get a replacement. Very disappointing and annoying."
"This has long been one of my favorite books, so I was happy to see it reissued in this beautiful CD package. Sissy Spacek is the perfect storyteller. Scout, Jem, Dill, Boo Radley and the world of Maycomb Country come alive in her telling and add a richness to the story I could not get from just reading it. I will revisit this CD."
"When I first learned I would have to read To Kill a Mockingbird in my 9th grade year, I thought I'd be the most boring book ever.  In fact, I tried to start reading it before school started, so I'd be ahead, I couldn't get past the 1st chapter.  The fist chapter is very confusing but once you past it, the book is wonderful.  In fact, after you're done reading, go back and read the first chapter again and you'll appreciate it a little more... I'm so glad they made me finish because otherwise I never would have.  It's beautifully written with hundreds of themes all woven in at the same time.  I will never again read another book like it..."
"In the scene where Atticus leaves the courtroom and the child ren are told to rise in their father's honor along with the black people, I tear up everytime. I find it to be a quiet memorial to his diligence in the name of justice, truth, honesty, dignity and the equality of all. It is a show of re spect for a man of immense honor and fairness. It is an act of quiet desperation in the face of overwhelming injustice, prejudice, racism and bigotry. It is all they can give to him but it speaks volumes. I share the novel each year with my 10th grade students and each year, they say, ""I love this book"". I am honored to be in the presence of students who perhaps for the first time in their lives ""feel"" the injustice and prejudice that far too many prople have been subjected to for numerous reasons. I also love the evolving maturity and love in the unusual Finch family. I see the family representing many feel ings that are unspoken in my students' eyes. Through the eyes of Scout and out of the mouth of a babe we see and hear about our educational and judical system. We see prejudice, love, family, neighborhood, life, death, mystery, uniqueness, kind ness, hatred, ignorance, mistrust. We feel the depth and breadth of emotion. It is a story worth telling, reading, dis cussing more than once. When Scout says ""Heh, Boo."" She sees inside of him. She sees the inner man and looks beyond the exterior delivering the message to all of us....""Heh, Boo."""""
"Harper Lee created an incredible literary masterpiece by examining race relations , hypocrisy and class structure in the old south through the eyes of a child narrator. In a remarkable tale that uses small town Alabama and the various characters that inhabit it she is able to introduce different points of view by using the youthful narrator Scout as a filter through which the reader perceives these people and their attitudes.In additon to the obvious attributes of this amazing book, I would add that it can be read by people of any age group with enjoyment and profit. My kids are assigned this in 7th grade and I reread it so we could discuss it and found myself totally absorbed in the story.This is on my list of the top 5 American novels. Not to be missed."
"There is nothing more I could say about Harper Lee's brilliant story that hasn't already been said.  I would, however, like to point out that this particular edition of To Kill a Mockingbird is just lovely."
"This classic vividly depicts the racism, prejudice, childhood innocence, and the perseverence of one man to stand up for what he believed in. It is a wonderfully written portrayal of southern American history during its post-slavery time.  Its message about racial prejudice stand true even today in this post 9-11 era."
"In my opinion, To Kill A Mockingbird is the best book ever written. I can't understand why so many teachers, libraries, and parents are trying to ban this book? This book is pure poetry, Harper Lee's writing reminds me of Shakespeare.Anyway, this book takes place in 1930s Alabama. Scout and her brother Jim are being raised by their widowed father, Atticus who is the town lawyer. So far the children's life revolves around their shy neighboor, Boo Bradley who stays in his house, and never comes out. They don't know that their daddy is defending a young black man for raping a poor, white girl until Scout overhears a rumor at school.Towards the end of the book, Scout and Jim (and their friend Dill), run off and sneak into a courthouse to hear the verdict of their daddy's trial.I can't really say anything else because of spoilers, but let me just end with saying Scout gets her wish, at the very end of the book the shy neighboor finally comes out of hiding. I can't really say why, you'll just have to read the book yourself.``Katrina"
"I also was not required to read this book in school.  I wish that my teachers would have used this book... I had to read Moby Dick instead.  I don't care how ignorant this makes me sound but, Moby Dick is a DULL DULL uninteresting book for a teen ager to read.I fell in love with the book and the movie as an adult.  I have recommended both to parents over the years.What great kids Jem, Scout and Dill are... sweet, but never cloying.And, Aticus is righteous without being preachy.Harper Lee fulfilled her life'e purpose sharing this story with all of us.  God bless her!"
"The reason why I choose this book was because it was very interesting.  It's the only book that I enjoyed reading.  I read this book last year in English clas, and it's one of my favorite books so far.  his book keeps you interested from the start till it ends.  The ending was exciting thrilling.  It's one of those books that when you start reading it, you don't want to stop until you finish.This book takes place in Maycomb, Alabama in 1932 during the depression.  It's about a girl named Scout and her brother Jem.  They live with their dad Atticus.  Atticus is a lawyer who is raising his two kids because he's wife passed away when scout was two.  Atticus is a lawyer for a black innocent men being accused of a crime they did't commit.  Tom Robinson is one of the main characters in this book, he's being accused of raping a young women, but really her dad was the one who beat her because he say her with Tom Robinson trying to kiss him.  Even though there was strong evidence that proved he didn't do it, there was no chance for him because it was an all white jury.  In the end the jury convicted Tom Robinson and senteced him to life.  When it was time to put him away he dcided to run for it.  As he was running to get away a police officer shot him in the bak and killed him.  Atticus never won a case and they were all innocent, but he was the only one who could keep a jury in the deliberation room for that long, which was a tiny step closer to endind racism in the court when it came to innocent people.  That why I liked this book alt because he sttod up for what was right even though people hated him for.  Alot of people didn't like him for that reason, but many did respected him for trying."
"The reason why I choose this book was because it was very interesting.  It's the only book that I enjoyed reading.  I read this book last year in English clas, and it's one of my favorite books so far.  his book keeps you interested from the start till it ends.  The ending was exciting thrilling.  It's one of those books that when you start reading it, you don't want to stop until you finish.This book takes place in Maycomb, Alabama in 1932 during the depression.  It's about a girl named Scout and her brother Jem.  They live with their dad Atticus.  Atticus is a lawyer who is raising his two kids because he's wife passed away when scout was two.  Atticus is a lawyer for a black innocent men being accused of a crime they did't commit.  Tom Robinson is one of the main characters in this book, he's being accused of raping a young women, but really her dad was the one who beat her because he say her with Tom Robinson trying to kiss him.  Even though there was strong evidence that proved he didn't do it, there was no chance for him because it was an all white jury.  In the end the jury convicted Tom Robinson and senteced him to life.  When it was time to put him away he dcided to run for it.  As he was running to get away a police officer shot him in the bak and killed him.  Atticus never won a case and they were all innocent, but he was the only one who could keep a jury in the deliberation room for that long, which was a tiny step closer to endind racism in the court when it came to innocent people.  That why I liked this book alt because he sttod up for what was right even though people hated him for.  Alot of people didn't like him for that reason, but many did respected him for trying."
"To Kill a Mockingbirdby Harper LeeJean Louise Finch is a feisty little girl, growing up in Maycomb County, Alabama. Jean Louise, or ""Scout"" as everyone else calls her, has a mind of her own and is a tomboy that prefers overalls over dresses. Her older brother Jem is her best friend, along with Dill, a kid who visits the neighborhood every summer. These three kids spend their time questioning The Radley House. The run down house stands just a few doors down away from the Finch Household. Who knows what secrets are behind those closed doors? All they know about this mysterious house is that Arthur ""Boo"" Radley hasn't been seen since before they could remember. During the time of the Great Depression, Scout faces the racism that comes with living in an African American community and it's hard effects that is has on her home.  One day, Scout and Jem's father, Atticus, who is a lawyer, is assigned to defend an African American. Tom Robinson is being charged for supposedly raping a young white woman. After that, nothing seems to be the same. The two siblings are ridiculed at school, and must face the town's people who think that what their father is doing is wrong. Young adult readers may or may not enjoy this classic novel. It has a huge racial discrimination, but a great theme that is tied in with the title. Young adults everywhere should give To Kill a Mockingbird a try."
"The novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, written by Harper Lee, is an interesting novel of the coexistence of good and evil. The most important theme of To Kill a Mockingbird is the book's exploration of the nature of human beings, whether people are essentially good or essentially evil. The book focuses on the problem of racism between black and white people. They had to go to different schools, sit in different places and talk to certain people. The African-Americans didn't have the same freedoms as the other race.Scout Finch is the protagonist and narrator in the story. Her brother, Jem, and her are living in Maycomb County, Alabama with their widowed father, Atticus during the Great Depression. He is a lawyer. During the summer, the children meet Dill, a friend staying in Maycomb for the summer. They form a friendly bond during that summer. They acquire an interest in the neighboring household, the Radley place. There are always little trinkets left for the children in a hole in the tree on the Radley property, but the house is supposedly haunted. The children take the gifts anyways, mysteriously left by Mr. Arthur (Boo) Radley, brother of Nathan Radley. Atticus resents other's thoughts about Boo Radley and wants everyone to see what life is like through his eyes.Later in the book, Atticus agrees to defend Tom Robinson in a trial against him suggesting he has raped a white woman, Mayella Ewell. The story has a surprising ending nobody would think of. I liked this book personally because it explains how people treated each other back then. It explains the real evidence of human goodness. You should never judge a book by its cover. You should always treat others with respect. In the end, Scout learns that being prejudice will not help her stride for human goodness."
"Not all that interesting but it is something that civil rights people would like to read. With the exception of the trial, the rest of it is pretty bland."
"When I read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" I was struck by how vividly realistic it was and by the sheer beauty of the writing.This is a stand alone novel, undoubtedly the best book ever written and when I read it I felt like crying.This book will move you, and if it doesn't nothing will."
"It is a sin to kill one, for, the mockingbird brings no harm to others. Compelled to read Harper Lee's novel in 8th grade, recalled enjoying it very much. Picked it up a few weeks ago to re read it now that I've been out of grade school for thirty five years or so...good God, it's brilliant. Miss Lee's evocation of her hometown places you right there in Alabama, you can smell the clover and feel the humidity,the characters are alive and the events are compelling. Atticus Finch is a genuine hero, complex and humane, a good father and a sage for his children. I wish the world was populated with more of these decent and inspiring individuals- but, maybe it is, it's nice to be reminded of what a dimensional human being should be. Great stories and great characters, suggest you return to Scout's town and reaquaint yourself with Cal, Dill, Jem and of course Atticus Finch and Mr Boo Radley."
"Harper Lee really made the characters seem like real people. She gave each of the characters human like characteristics, which added to the feeling of the book. The fact that Atticus took up the case of a black man because he wanted to and not because he was forced to was also important. He did try to defend Jem even though the people in the town were mistreating him because of it. The book gives you a real feeling of how things happened back than. Overall it is a very good book and I would highly recommend it as a great reading book."
"In To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee has touched a nerve in American culture, a nerve that runs through our society even today. The characters she brings to life are memorable, and it's hard not to look back on them with affection.Still, if you're considering this book for an Advanced Placement English class or in preparation for one in the future, you should be aware that while the debate over whether this book is great literature continues, the AP Board has come down on the side of those who say it isn't. If you're looking for writing from the American South that is AP-worthy, I strongly recommend Flannery O'Connor or William Faulkner. Also worth a try is Eudora Welty."
"Harper Lee's story of life in Alabama in the mid-thirties is amarvelous work of art at its best.  Had seen the film, loved it, and am not sure how I missed reading the book until now.But, at age 74, I am so happy to have corrected that omission.My belated congratulations to Ms. Lee for telling a timeless story in an unforgettable manner. I consider it a book no serious reader should miss."
"This is a MUST read for anyone interested in the history of America.  Not only does this book give us a picture of what the '30s in the South must have felt, but it gave us a heartwarming story of american culture.There is no question why school's all across the nation have this book as a required reading"
"Unlike most people, I was not ""delighted"" or ""enchanted"" by this book.It was required reading for me, as it is for most American children, and though I feel like a traitor saying this, I didn't think it was that great, and I still don't. The plot is very simple, the character development is mediocre, and the writing is okay. In short, I simply do not see why this book has become as popular as it has.Was it interesting? Sure, it was okay, but in my humble opinion it simply does not stand up to classics like Uncle Tom's Cabin, Tom Sawyer, The Lord of the Rings, etc.I do think, however, that everybody should read it. It's not that it is that amazing of a book, it is that it is once of the icons of American literature."
One of the true classics in American litterature. A vivid slice of the harsh realities of life in the South during the 1930s. The book is filled with realisticaly interesting characters and scenarios expertly drawn by Harper Lee. A must read. The only dissapointing element is that it is the only novel I know of written by Harper Lee.
"Well, because this is a ""classic"", I will not bore anyone with details of the story within.But, I do have a few things to say about this book. The first is that To Kill a Mockingbird is very well written. It holds your attention even at the lowest points in the book. It keeps you hungry for what is to come.The second thing is that the actual story is terribly dull. While the writing keeps you going looking for what is going to happen, the story refuses to let anything happen. I can see where people could find action, but to me it is weak. After I finished the book, only then did I realize how pointless the whole experience was.It was like riding a roller coaster, but not a usual roller coaster. You patiently wait for the chain to pull you to the top of the slope (chain=writing in this metaphor). Then when you get to the top the ride is over and everyone gets out (story=depressing end to ride). You realize that there was no point to going up the hill. The ride was a waste of time. Sure, there were some neat sights to see from that height (interesting sights=minor interesting action), but who needs the sights when I wanted a ride?I just wonder why this book is a classic."
"After reading To Kill a Mockingbird in high school and college, and starting Mockingbird: A Portrait of Harper Lee, I decided I needed a refresher, so I checked out this audio book from my local library. Sissy Spacek's reading is absolutely wonderful. Her Southern accent is spot-on, soothing, and not at all over-the-top. Her tone is soothing and lovely and the story and characters shine through. If you have a long commute or just enjoy audio books, this is a definite must!"
"This is a classic that most of us read back when we were in High School.  I read it way back ""in the day"" as my husband says, then just re-read it as a book club selection this month.  And while I enjoyed the story, sadly it just didn't live up to my expectations.I enjoyed reading about this time period.  The novel is set during the depression in Alabama.  I liked Scout, the narrator's, voice, and the way she tells her story.  I thought her father, Atticus (what a great name), their cook Calpurnia and the neighbor Miss Maudie Atkinson were wonderful and endearing characters.There are many good lessons, some great symbolism and good topics for discussion...there is much to enjoy in this book.  But as I've said with another book I recently read, I think that I am not the intended audience for this novel.I really think that this book should be read by young people who are figuring out the world and the complexities of class structure, discrimination and moral values and who may still be able to think that most things in life are black and white.  I think it will have a greater impact for them than for more mature readers who already see things in shades of gray."
"Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is a beautiful tale that exposes the harsh realities of African-Americans in a pre Civil Rights Era, and brings into question the effectiveness of the jury system even today.  Through the eyes of an innocent 8-year-old girl, we can vividly see the lives of all people living in the south.  Lee makes sure that this novel does not strictly focus on segregation de facto; in other words, Lee shifts the novel away from typical stories of segregation in public areas and private vicinities.  What I particularly loved about this novel is the way Lee moves towards society's psychological response to plights facing African Americans at the time period. The plot's narrator, Scout, informs the reader of the south's complexity in many forms.  From a hypocritical northern teacher, to the racism that destroyed an innocent man, Scout asks the reader to release all shallow misinterpretations of the south and judge it from a more complex viewpoint.  The novel's hero is by far Atticus Finch, who even today has come to represent all that is just and right in our nation's justice system.  Lee also utilizes his strength to portray what Scout sees as true strength in society.  Finch is the archetypal man who, despite all the negative influences surrounding him, he manages to come up on top on a moral ground against the small town. Yet of course, the novel's true theme revolves around society's negative judgment on social outcasts and how these judgments reflect the nature of society itself.  Scout illustrates two victims of society: Boo Radley and Tom Robinson.  Boo Radley is a recluse who is the subject of town legends that depict him as a typical monster.  This envokes fear within the children, who must eventually learn how to accept and understand people from all backgrounds despite what others spread.  This idea is tested in a more major form, as Tom Robinson, a black man, is put on trial for raping a young white woman.  Reoccuring themes of acceptance and understanding truly take form when Atticus Finch represents Robinson, despite hostile behavior of the town. Lee's writing is beautiful as it is simple, yet at the same time it is simply powerful as it brilliantly portrays the way humanity struggles to release prejudice.  I urge everyone whose schools that were too misguide to assign this book to read it in their spare time for they too will be inspired."
To kill a Mockingbird is a well written story addressing racism and morality in the Deep South.  The author takes a unique approach by telling the through the eyes of Scout as she understands her environment.  Lee develops the theme of the struggle between morality and the social values of the south before the Civil Rights Movement.
I hadn't read this since high school more than twenty years ago.  I remembered it being a good book but didn't remember much about it.  I just finished the book and I really enjoyed it.  This book is an easy read and a great one to pick up again for summer enjoyment.
"I recently read ""Mockingbird, A Portrait of Harper Lee"" and vowed to reread the novel.  After so many years (a lot of water under the bridge) Nelle Harper Lee's words have lost none of their shine.  Her style instantly transports you to childhood with all it's innocent abandon, conflict, tears, fears and hope.  It is a story everyone can relate to in some way: If you can't relate to Scout then you darn well wish you did.  If you didn't have a brother like Jem or a father like Atticus, well . . ..  Not to mention the message, the message, the message--timeless.  If you haven't read it, read it.  If you have read it, read it again.  You won't regret it."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is the story about a little girl (Scout) whose father is defending a black man against a rape charge from a white man and his daughter. It shows what it might be like for a 1st or 2nd grade girl to put up with prejudice from everyone. Such as when one of her classmates calls Scouts father a negreo lover, or when her neighbor, Mrs. Dubose, calls out racial comments about her dad defending a black man every time Scout walks by her house.I think this book was good but did not live up to reputation. Many people have read it and most of them say its like the best book ever. I didn't think so. The literature was good and it had great character development but it wasn't the most intriguing. I think the parts with Dill and Jem trying to make Boo Radley come out were pretty boring and they should have had cool and scary things happen after every attempt to make him come out instead of just at the end when Jem looses his pants and the shot gun is fired."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was one of the most memorable I books I read as a young pre-teen.  For starters, Harper Lee wrote a wonderful account of very adult circumstances in the voice (and through the eyes) of a very astute young girl, Scout Finch.  How is that a young girl who has barely lived life seen so much?  Her father, Atticus Finch, is a very dedicated lawyer facing a very hard case ahead of him--a rape case that takes their town of Maycomb by storm.  This book takes a keen look at racism and integrity in a small town.This book is so wonderful and I am so glad that it still lives on as a great novel, in the hearts and eyes of a whole new generation of readers."
"One of the most frequently banned or challenged books, To Kill A Mockingbird has been acclaimed to many, as one of the greatest English language books ever written. Unfortunately, I cannot say that this book [..]into its pages, a la A Clockwork Orange or Slaughter-House Five. I am not saying that I did not enjoy this book, I'm just saying that it may be slightly over-rated. The pacing of this novel is relatively tepid, how ever, the extremely deep character development is easy to lose yourself in, and the dialogue is authentic of the time period. This book is about Scout, her brother Jeremy (or just Jem), and their father Atticus. The story is told through Scouts eyes, as Atticus defends a African American charged with the rape of a white girl. The book presents racial epithets and stereotypes in a frank way, and children frequently use strong slurs against African Americans. Scout's dad is even called a ""Nigger lover"" for defending his client in court. All in all, I would recommend this book for summer reading."
"In my opinion this is one of the greatest books ever written. I love how the characters seem like real people, like people you've known all your lives. Harper did a great job in showing the point of view of a tomboyish girl called Scout who is just realizing the horrible secrets of her town and discovers more than she wanted to. This is a book everyone can relate to. If you haven't read this book go find a copy and read it now!!!!!!!!! I promise you'll love it as much as I do."
"Twenty-five years after first reading it, I zipped through the story again. I wanted to understand why the novel has endured so thoroughly, and I think it has something to do with Lee's wise acknowledgement of the flawed South of her childhood filtered through the innocent eyes of a child. Or something like that. It doesn't hurt that the story is a page-turner."
"I read 'To Kill a Mockingbird' when I was thirteen and, evidently, too young to appreciate it very much. But now that I've read it again at the age of twenty, I can see why my English teacher wanted his class to read it so badly. This book is full of wisdom and tolerance far before its time, and has detailed, colorful characters. Sure, the movie's good, and Gregory Peck does make a wonderful Atticus, but you'll never know what a truly unforgettable character Atticus really is unless you read the book. Because Atticus Finch IS the heart of the book."
"I gave this book to my niece and she called me, weeping, the next week when she had finished it.  She wanted to talk about it.  I think I'm now her favorite aunt.  If you have a younger nephew or niece or godchild, and they are bright and sensitive and like to read, please please please buy them this book."
Harper Lee does a great job of developing the characters in this book.  Filled with the pains of growing up and seeing racism in the South through the eyes of a child is an eye opening experience.
I think this book was really good. It made me feel sad for black people and all they had to go through. I think if you read this book you will take something important out of it. Don't judge people by there skin color. I would recomend this book to one of my friends. I rate this book 4 stars.
"I was born and raised in rural Alabama and this book takes me home every time I read it. This book has some of the most complex textures of any book I've ever read. The charactors are as real as any of the real charactors I've met in my life -- and I've met some real charactors. Or should I say, ""It takes one to know one."" If you'd like a modern twist on this novel, check out Crazy in Alabama. Treat yourself to this classic novel -- you won't be disappointed."
"In this unforgettable story, a woman recounts a part of her childhood in a small Alabama town during the Depression.  Her father, Atticus Finch, was the local lawyer, an upright and wise man, who raised her brother Jem, and herself, Scout.  The summer before Scout started school, their idyllic lives were full of imagination and adventure; their games often concerned their reclusive neighbor ""Boo"" Radley, and how best to make him to ""come out.""  Scout began the first grade and found many things confusing, not the least of which was her teacher's admonition not to read any more with her beloved father.  Summer came again, and with it, a controversial trial that would affect the children's lives forever:  A black man was accused of raping a white woman and, despite pressure from racist townsfolk, Atticus was defending him.The straightforward and innocent rural dialogue absolutely deserves to be read aloud to be enjoyed and appreciated.  I often found myself rereading passages again and again, just because they were worded so perfectly.  The children's adventures were very easy to picture in my mind, and the narration had a truth about it that was simple, inspiring and touching.  This tale of childhood innocence teaches lessons about tolerance and kindness, and paints one of the most remarkable characters in literature, the courageous and loving Atticus Finch.  This is a novel to be savored and enjoyed over and over again.  It is wonderful.Kona"
"We are reading this book in my freshman class. At first it was very confusing. It didn't seem to fit very well and to be honest it wasn't very entertaining. But the farther I read the more intresting it got. When you get to the end it all makes sence. anyways I would definately recommened this book. It is very humorous and it gets exciting, trust me."
"harper lee, to kill a mokingbirdfictionit is a sin to kill a moking birdthe book is about 2 boring kids who have meny experiancesin macomb county.it was to long for the story it tellsi would not recomind this BOOK TO ANY ONE"
"The thing that you carry with yourself in the book is the innocense with which the entire story is narrated. Scout Finch, a eight year old girl narrates her experience of joy, sadness, grudges, racism and above all courage. Atticus Finch, her father and a lawyer is up trying to save a black man from being wrongly accused of rape of a white woman.As the events happen, one feels the ugly side of human beings. The narration from the eyes of a child adds to the questions that are being silently asked in the book. There were lots of plots in the book, being Jill Harris, scout's friend, Boo Radly and the child's obession to drag Boo out of his house.The interaction of Jem, scouts brother and scout herself deserves a lot of credit for the overall outcome of the book. This is one book nobody should miss. If you haven't read it, you has certainly missed something."
"Excellent book!  The second I read the last line of the book, I wanted to start reading all over again.  The story stuck with me for weeks after. I highly recommend this book."
This book (To Kill A Mockingbird) is amazing. End of story.Read it. Now.
"This book is ablsolutley outstanding. Using the point of view of a child it gives us an innocent standpoint through which to observe the effects of racisim. This book brings into light the good and bad in all of us and teaches us that the worst can be brought out in even the best people when society's views are as cruel and hateful as they were in this period of time. Since reading this book I don't think I've looked at things the same, in all honesty after reading this, no one truly can."
"i had to read this book in class and i thought it was really good book exceptt he authour in my opinion put in a lot of unneccasry detail that didnt really add to the story, however it had a really good plot and there were many parts that had a lot of suspense and i just couldnt help reading ahead of everyone in my class!"
"I know that some people here think this is a forum to discuss their political views and whatnot instead of a BOOK REVIEW.  Let me set the record straight:  It is not.  Go find the appropriate place and do so there.  (For those who don't know what I am talking about or who are feigning ignorance and/or innocence, please read the comments posted below mine.)As for the book itself, I loved it!  I read it in 10th grade as part of an assigned reading in class.  A few years later, I read it again, just for the sheer enjoyment of it.  I have not, since then, been lucky enough to get my hands on a copy, but I will one day.  I will say this, though, without giving away the plot (for those who haven't read it yet), I am a person who is hardly EVER moved to tears, yet this is the first book I've read that has made me cry!!!  There are only one or two other books that have made me do that, but that is another story for another time.  Also, the book cleared up some things for me, mainly why familial ties and pride are so important to us Southerners.  I didn't know for the longest time.  Now I do.  Thanks, Harper Lee!Overall, a good book and a MUST READ!!!"
"This epic novel is one of the best that I've read.This story has to do with the contraversial issues of racism.Taking place in the days where african-americans really didn't get respect,it is precise in every detail,and gives the reader a front row seat at the events that happen.Harper Lee is a critically acclaimed novelist,and this book gave her a place in the world of literature forever.  -Great Book! Recommended!!!!!!!!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird was an excellent book. The book opens with Scout (5) and Jem (9) in their summer before they go off to school. The children meet a new friend named Dill. Dill is a small boy from out of town. The children get into all sorts of mischief around the town and their neighborhood. During their first summer together, the children are very intrigued by the Radley house and Boo Radley. The history of the Radleys is shady and different, all the more reason the children want to investigate. The second part of the book, the children have matured and are starting to see things in different ways. During this section, Atticus, their father, has a bery big case to defend. This case could result in the imprisonment of an innocent man, or going against the system that has been followed for so long, to keep an innocent man free. To Kill A Mockingbird is full of symbolism and deep meaning. It is an amazing book that any person should be exstatic to read."
"This book surprised me, I thought it was going to be just another one of the books that you don't like reading in High School. The author, Harper Lee, actually did a excellent job on keeping the story interesting. I didn't want to stop reading, because I had to know what was going to happen next!He went in to great detail, to the point that I felt I was inside the story running along with Scout, Dill, and Jem. Overall the story was well structured and I wouldn't be surprised if i found my-self reading it again (other then in school!)."
"Surprisingly, the novel To Kill a Mockingbird only took one week for me to finish reading the whole book. In fact, it usually takes about one week to finish one book for me. This novel contains humorous and serious aspects that made me not want to put it down. The strongest point of this novel is the distinct characters that are in it and the way it is written.My favorite character, Atticus, the father of Jem and Scout, is a very attractive character in that he is not biased, intelligent, and open-minded. Unlike other characters in this novel, he is the only Caucasian who tried to prove Tom Robinson's innocence. In the section where he cares and worries about his children, I was truly impressed by him. Atticus reminds me of my warm-hearted father. My father never admonishes me but gently explains what I did wrong. He is like Atticus. In my eyes, Atticus is the ideal father figure. I also liked the other major characters in the novel, especially Jem and Scout.  Other characters such as Boo Radley, Calpurnia, Dubose, Dill and Cunningham also make this novel outstandingThe way this story is explained and expanded throughout from Scout's point-of-view makes this novel more special. From a pure and naïve perspective, Scout sees the world and interprets it in her own way. I think this is a good aspect of this novel.It is not a surprise that this novel won the Pulitzer Prize in 1961. I strongly recommend this novel to everybody, because it's easy to understand, humorous and teaches a lesson that relates to everybody. I can guarantee that after you read this novel, you definitely can feel your heart getting warmer."
To kill a mocking bird was a good book because it taught you some new lessons and it showed you the troubles of being racist and it shows you other ways to avoid it.It also has other many good lessons to it and its an exciting book for many kids of any age.Well in conclusion i think people should buy the book and read it.
"No, I am not joking. It took me three years to do it, but I did it! By ""memorize"" I mean I cram down a page at a time, so I can't tell you right now what page 201 says, but I could once!And why did I do it? Nobody made me. I just wanted to, the book is SO GOOD! Most classics, to me, are like  overboiled cabbage without salt, but To Kill a Mocking Bird is like cheese cake, or prime ribs, or lasgna! It is funny, it is insightful, it is provacative -- it's like a trip to Disney World!To Kill a Mocking Bird is one the best books of all time. If you've read it back in high school, you should read it again. If you haven't, lucky you! You have a treat ready and waiting!"
"The novel ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has been a bestseller since its debut over 30 years ago. The story is of Atticus, his children, Scout and Jem and the events which occur in their lives over a two year period. It is the story of one mans attempt to free an innocent man from a cage of imprisoment, a brother and sisters coming of age and the unconditional love a parent has for his children. This novel is one of my all time favorites, a timeless classic."
"Like others who have reviewed this book recently, I was never assigned this book to read in school.  And like many readers, I usually bypassed it.  The classics were most often requried reading in school, and too often were more than difficult to get through.  However, I had seen the movie starring Gregory Peck and agreed with recent polls that it is one of the best ever made.  Given that the books are usually better than the movies, I finally succumbed to my own curiosity and picked up a copy.  My very literate friends were surprised that I'd never read it before.As is customary with books written decades ago, this one starts slowly, builds slowly, sometimes seems even plodding.  But as the story unfolds, the reader learns about the characters, many of them, primary or secondary, even background.  No character is less than fully developed.  No incident is trivial.Placed in a small southern town, life is very nearly ideal for children growing up and going to school.  But even in such a venue, evil can lurk in the shadows, as Jem, Scout, and their friend Dill discover.  There are ancient mysteries, secrets, and people who aren't quite who they seem to be.  Others are exactly who they seem to be, like Atticus, gentle, intelligent, sometimes feeling old, but never compromising his principles.  His son, Jem, beginning to feel less like a child.  Daughter Scout, not quite the lady her aunt Alexandra wants her to be.  Dill, their best friend who comes every summer to stay with his aunt.  Most of all, Boo Radley, the recluse, whom the children would give almost anything to see.Every word, every scene, every character makes this a most readable book.  It is timeless and a joy."
"Harper Lee was encouraged to write some of her childhood memories. What in the beginning seems like the story of three childhood friends in depression era Macomb, Alabama, turns out to be packed with insights to the makeup of human kind.This story is intriguing on many levels from the history of the area to the stereotyping of people. Most of all every turn was a surprise as told in the first person from the view of Scout Finch. And instead of telling the story in a six year old vocabulary she uses an exceptionally large repertoire to describe the people and events. This story is not as slow passed as one may guess from first glance as every remark and every action will be needed for a future action.A major controversial part of the story is the trial of Tom Robinson. Hoverer this is just a catalyst to help Scout understand the nature of people including her father Atticus and you will find that as important as it is it is just a part of the story with other major characters such as Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.Even thought it appears that Scout is the recipient of the insights, I believe we the reader is the real recipient.I can truly say that this book has changed my outlook in life."
"So in the midst of reading some ""previously missed classics"" - The Great Gatsby and Catcher in the Rye amongst them - how nice to find one that genuinely deserves the title.  Beautifully told story, great characters, emotion, suspense, and lots of feeling.  Maybe tales off a little towards the end, but should definitely be required reading.  At least, that's what I think..."
"Like most teenagers, I read this novel in Grade 10 as part of an English class.  I noted then it wasn't a bad book for a 'classic'.  I have since read this book twice more, most recently in June 2005.  Each time I read this book, I learn more from it and pick up things I missed previous times or perhaps I didn't miss them I'm just older and have learned to understand so many more things.This novel is narrated by Scout and takes place over three summers in Maycomb county.  Scout, her older brother Jem and their summer time friend Dill have typical summer vacation for children of the south during the Depression.  They make up plays, they have a treehouse, there is a scarey neighbourhood house.  Scout starts the first line of the novel saying she remembers the summer that her brother Jem broke his arm.  From that line forward we learn about the events that lead to this and most importantly the summer that their father, Atticus represented a black man, Tom Robinson against the state and a white but trashy family, the Ewells.If you have't picked up this book since highschool - I recommend you give it an adult read."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a Pulitzer Prize-winning classic of American literature. It may well be one of the five greatest books ever published in English (my other candidates are the King James Bible, anything by Shakespeare, MOBY DICK, and HUCKLEBERRY FINN).Written in 1960, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD at first seems to be a young girl's first-person reminiscence of childhood in a sleepy Depression-era Southern town. Author Harper Lee has steadfastly denied that the book is formally autobiographical, though many autobiographic elements clearly exist (the character of Dill is the author Truman Capote in childhood, a lifelong friend of Miss Lee's).The children spend much of the first half of the book whiling away their time at imaginative games and summer daydreams. Their waking world is peopled by a curiously colorful collection of neighbors who range from the sublime (Mrs. Dubose, a cantankerous Confederate widow quietly addicted to morphine) to the ridiculous (Miss Stephanie Crawford, the town's indefatigable gossip). Their waking nightmare consists of Boo Radley, a mysterious neighbor who they have never seen. The children construct elaborate fantasies of Boo, but as they grow older their deliciously terrifying imaginings of the man within the house at the end of the block become overshadowed by more frightening realities in the outside world.The children (narrator Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend, Dill) become unjaded observers of the daily drama of ordinary human life when their father, Atticus Finch, the town attorney, is assigned to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman. The town becomes quietly inflamed as the submerged flotsam of prejudice floats to the surface of the residents' collective consciousness.Scout, Jem and Dill, along with their lifelong friends and neighbors, are forced to confront issues of justice, injustice, and their own identities, first as Southerners, second as Americans, but lastly and most importantly, as human beings who have the power to choose.Generations of young reviewers have attacked this book as ""boring"" and essentially incomprehensible. It is neither. However, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD has suffered the fate of being consigned to that seventh circle of hell known as ""the assigned reading list"" in most high schools. As a classroom project this book can be impenetrable. I recall being forced to endure TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD in my Junior year, and being unable to truly appreciate it at age 16. In part this is because it does not lend itself at all well to the usual straightforward teaching techniques of English class.The fact is that many adolescents have neither the attention span nor the life experience to grasp the subtle fineries that underlie this book. This comment is not meant to be an indictment of teenagers. Nor is it meant to be off-putting to young readers. It is merely an observation of the price one pays to reach adulthood. This is an adult's book, though each reader must discover for themselves where that line of demarcation lies within.I have always been of the opinion that literature should be enjoyed, not studied. I have returned to TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD every several years, and each time I revisit it I take away something more and deeper."
"This novel speaks with cultural clarity of the attitudes and actions of a large portion of the US, some of which still persist today. The point of the novel is to explore the awakening of a child's mind in understanding the adult world and being guided on the truth and deceptions of humanity by a pivotal and herioc parental figure. Slowly paced, it beautifully reflects the dangerous pace of rotting minds and attitudes in the depression era, the story of Tom Robinson's court case and treatment by the majority of the Townsfolk is beautifully reflected by the Children's treament of and fascination with, Boo Radley. The Finch's are a fine family and you will ache for a Father like Atticus. A deeply important and highly daring Novel and a must read for school age children. Almost like an Anne Frank diary of the deep south."
"As others have stated, I can't believe I wasn't forced to read this book during my school years. I guess it's because we Australians would be outraged if American literature took precedence over our home grown 'talent'.Anyway, besides the great moral inherent in this story (which never makes for a great book without being well written), the character development is second to none. I've never read a book before or since which convinces you that characters you are reading about are so real. Not only that, you just fall in love with the ideosyncrasies of each character.This book is a 'classic' in every sense of the word."
"This is a fictional story with many themes. Courage, family, and growing up are the main ones. A lot of times you have to stop and think about the deeper meaning of what you just read, because it's not spelled out for you.The story is basically about how dramatic events in a small town affect a family that lives in it. It is set in Alabama in the 1930s. The single father of the two main characters is not very strict, so the kids get in the middle of things that they are probably too young for. The kids learn a lot, but there are still some things their father protects them from.This is an amazing book. It has suspence, because you don't solve some mysteries until the end. It has friendship, because the kids make some important new friends. It has entertainment, because there's always something going on. It is memorable and thoughtful, because it has a beautiful message that is hard to forget."
"Theme-good and evil, importance of moral and social class.What I think about the book is interesting because it telllot of good thing that u can learn and also u can learn what is the bad thing and good thing that u need to know.I agree when the author said that ''It is a sin to kill a mockingbird."
"To Kill A Mockingbird: fictionBy Harper LeeHarper & Row  J.B. Lippencott Co.Setting: 1930's Maycomb, Alabama  The theme of Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is treating people fairly. Atticus Finch is assigned to defend Tom Robinson, a Negro accused of raping a white girl, much to the community's disgust on both issues. This is a memorable novel that teaches that all men should be treated equally. This book is trying to show how unjust humans can be, and we ourselves are by no means excluded. It also proves that most people are actually good, underneath it all. This is a mesmerizing and unforgettable story that all people should have the privelege of reading."
"The story takes place in the south of the United States, before civil rights were the same regardless of the color of people's skin. This society is examined through the eyes of a young girl whose father is a lawyer who defends a black man who has been accused of rape. Deep thoughts, slow plot. Maybe the movie has more action."
"This book is my favourite book of all time. It's full of emotion, suspense, and action. When I first came across the book it was bound in the classic black cover. I instantly assumed that it'd be boring. Please don't make the same mistake I did!The story is narrated by Scout, a young girl who tries desperately to try to come to terms with the cruelty of the world. Her words are sometimes haunting, sad, and humourous. She encourages you to think differently about certain issues, and she opens you up to a different world.Harper Lee writes so flawlessly that it's no wonder this book won a Pulitzer Prize. My English teacher once said that the world is divided up between those that have read the book and those that haven't. I think that might've been a slight exaggeration but do pick up the book anyway. It's rare for a book to transcend time and still be relevant 45 years after it was first publised."
"""...there is only one way in this country to which men are created equal....That institution...is a court."" This is the belief of Atticus Finch who lives in a Southern town. Atticus is a respected white attorney representing Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman. Most of the white folks assume that he is guilty from the beginning. Atticus believes that everybody should be treated fairly regardless of race. Many people try to make Atticus drop the case, but he refuses to give in.  My favorite character is Atticus because he treats everyone with respect and fairness. He has the courage to stand up for what he believes is right even when it's not popular. He values education, believing that education is an important tool to fight racial prejudice. My other favorite character is Boo who represents the good in our society.  I love this book. Through the eyes of Atticus' daughter, the author is able to point out the injustice of treating people according to skin color. Every eighth grader should read this book as it is interesting and educational. Reading this fiction makes me realize that our society has come a long way."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was first published in 1960 and it went on to win the prestigious Pulitzer Prize. Sadly Harper Lee has had no other novels published since To Kill a Mockingbird. I first read To Kill a Mockingbird at school nearly three decades ago and since that time I must have read it at least once each year. This has helped me develop a deep understanding for Harper Lee's master work. The central characters of this book are two children Scout and Jem, who live with their father Atticus, a lawyer. The story is set in a fictional town called Maycombe in the depression ravaged 1930s America, though the people of America have just been told that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.My favourite parts of this book are the way a child is able to disperse a murder intent mob, the power of the court room scenes and the way that the children eventually see things so clearly, maybe more clearly than any adult does throughout the pages of To Kill a Mockingbird. As Scout puts it: ""...you never really understand somebody until you step into their shoes and walk around in them."" If we all applied that wisdom, how much better the world would be.I personally loved the way Harper Lee describes this small town and its quaint little ways, while at the same time realising that this quaintness hides attitudes that are tainted by class distinctions and prejudice. The book goes on to relate this prejudice that comes to the surface in a dramatic fashion and forces people to look very carefully at their own attitudes, while at the same time exposing a simple truth that when people have been brought up with deep prejudices it is very difficult to shake these off. But To Kill a Mockingbird demonstrates that when prejudice is confronted in the minds of those who are prejudiced then the truth can be very different to the one previously supposed.Nobody should make the mistake of thinking that this book should only be read by those who are at school doing their exams, because to miss reading this book would be a real shame. I would recommend that everybody buy this book and read it again and again. It is not without it's flaws but if you read it with an educated mind you will benefit from it's wisdom."
"written from the perspective of a child trying to understand the complicated issues of race, gender, class and crime in a southern town in the 1930's.  The honesty in the words still hold true today.  A must read."
"when i was assighned to read this book 4 years ago as a freshman in high school, everybody told me i would hate it. all my friends and upperclassmen i knew said to expect the worst. and after i read the book is when i decided i needed to be hanging around smarter more intellectual friends. the only way you could hate this book is if you're a stubborn immature high school student that would rather skip class than give a rat's but about your english class. the people that hated it were the ones getting ""F""s and didn't want to read  anything other than the latest magazine or anime comic book. the story has so much to offer and i just wish all the young people (as if im so old) would open their hearts and minds to it."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is an interesting and complex book.  The main character, Jean Louise, is well characterized as a young, inquisitive girl.  Their are many twists and the real climax can be hard to find.  The writer included several very convincing false climaxs in the book.  The way it ends is not definitive and leaves you wanting a little more.  This is helped along by the fact that the beginning states just a little of what happens later.  This is the only thing that deters me from the book.  It is a great intellectual book that requires much thought.  Although that deters some people more than others."
Over all i liked the book to kill a mocking bird. It was great and exciting to read. It keep me reading to the very end. Chapter 29 was mine favorite chapter. I couldn't put the book down to see what happened. Part 1 of the story rellay sets up the book. It is not as exciting as part 2. Though it is importnat cause it explain the story. You find out all of the charters and what the part in the story are. so you really need to read all the parts of the book to get the whole exprence. my favorite charcter in the book was auther radely. he is very missterious and I wanted to know more about him. So i would say to read this book.
"To Kill A Mockingbird- Harper Lee- a fictional story of the Finch family and their experiences together through the eyes of young Scout Finch. The family lives in the small southern county of Maycomb, which has been quite exiting lately. What with fires, racist mobs, and courtroom showdowns, I would recommend this book to not only school students, but to older students too."
"To Kill a mockingbird by Harper Lee. This fictional book is full of Courage and friendship with hard times to get through. It is based on three kids Dill, Jem, and Scout living in a world with troubling times, having to grow up real fast. This was a time when racism was something. In this book you will dicover the point of view of a seven year old girl, scout. Everything around her i changing."
The book I read was To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. It is a fictional story that is based on a childs life. The theme of this book is courage. It shows how two siblings  and a good family friend having many adventures to try and see the face of their next door neighbor (Aurthor Radley) who they call Boo. No one has ever seen him after his big incident with his parents and the children being as curious as they are did the best they could just to see him. Along their planning they ran into a problem with their father (who was a lawyer)was at the time deffending a black man. Read and find out what happens during their long hard trials.
"The book I'm reviewing is To Kill A Mockingbird. It is a fictional story based on  the childhood of a child from the 1930's. It's written by Harper Lee. The story has a lot of verying events happen. It ranges from child's play to a terrible trial, to a subtle yet questioning ending. The major theme to the book is courage. This is shown a number of times and ways. It is mostly shown through the characters and their actions. It was surprisingly a great book. The begining's kind of slow, but after that it's a wonderful book. If you're looking for a good book to read then this is the book for you!"
"to me to kill a mockingbird was kinda wreid, because at the beging of the book they wanted to get Boo radley to come out of his house. they thought he was a scary old man that was a mad man who stabed his dad in the leg. then they did all these thing to get him out of the house. i didnt like the book though because all the bad things that they do. and how the town people are crule to one another back then."
"I really did like this beacuse it was easy to connect with because it was so realisitic, but the reason why I didnt give it a perfect, is because I did not like the ending, but yet again good authors always leave the reader in suspense so you always comeback craving for the second book to read. For a letter grade this boook would easily get an A. That is just what I think, who knows about everyone else"
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Haper Lee. This book was published by Waner Books in 1960. This fiction novel takes palce in the times of racism in the south around the 1930's. It takes place in Maycomb, Alabama. This setting completely sets the tone for the entire storyline. The prejiduce thoughts guides the aactions and words of every white citizen in town except one brave and thoughtful individual named Aticus Finch. He represented a man convited of assult and rape named Tom Robinson.I feel that this was an intersenting and memorable book that prevoked some questions in virtues and morals. In conclusion, I would recommend this book to anyone that would enjoy a dramaticand inquizitive book."
"Its about 2kids who grow up and mocom,country.  I personally didnt like it.Why? The reason why is because there was no excimet in besides when it was in the court spot.The reason why is because there was some stuff that was but the book it self could have been better.I just wish it would have told us what happens to them when they  grows up.One great thing that i like it was a some what as a mystery about it why because when the court thing happen they had to find who killed them and Tom Robison thougth that he could when since he had Atticus as his lawyer."
"I just finished the book. The book was fiction even though it probably happened in real life. I think the theme is courage because Atticus really showed it when he defended Tom Robinsin. One of the problems was that a lot of descrimination was going on in the town. I think the book is interesting. When Scout, Dill, and Jem try to see Boo Radley is very interesting. I disagree with discrimination. I think it it cruel to to that to people. I think the book suggests to know people before you judge them. I learned so mant things from this book. Make shure you read the little details because they really count! I suggest this book to anyone who want to read about how people treated eachother in the past."
OBVIOUSLY NO ARGUEMENT ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS EVER WRITTEN. I DONT EVEN NEED TO SAY ANYTHING. MY RATING SAYS IT. IM A COLLEGE PROFESSOR AND EVERYBODY HAS TO READ IT.
"Like many great work of literature, this one packs a lot into its opening passages. It begins, ""When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow.... When enough years had gone by to enable us to look back on them, we sometimes discussed the events leading to his accident."" Right off the bat we are made aware that we are about to read of  past events monumental enough to make the participants dwell on them decades later. There is the suggestion that there's more than meets the eye in what's about to unfold, so you'd better pay attention. And, there's the hint of violence in the mentioning of the broken arm. Was it really an accident? We'll have to read to find out.Often it is said that TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is told through the eyes of a child. This is not strictly true. The narrator of the novel is the now-grown daughter of Atticus Finch, nicknamed ""Scout"" in her youth, recalling events from her childhood, albeit in extended passages evoking the point of view of her childhood. This seemingly simple device is a sophisticated one that allows the author a lot of freedom and power to tell the story. The younger Scout's disarming innocence serves as a vehicle for a more direct description of people and events -- after all, a child sees and hears well enough, but she doesn't understand -- allowing Lee to show rather than merely tell about people and events. And, when it suits the author, the adult Scout can address the reader more directly. This slight of hand with the point of view is, I believe, instrumental in creating a novel where the characters seem to come to life and leap off the pages. It's always a delight when writing so technically well-thought-out remains so easy to read. Small wonder that adults should love the book so much and urge middle school students to read it. It is an approachable masterpiece.Some readers may complain that the novel takes its time getting around to what is considered its pivotal element, the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman. I cannot see how Lee could have possibly told her story otherwise. We start with the children, who make up their own games and stories and more or less invent their own world as much as possible. Then the adult world gradually intrudes on Scout, her brother Jem, and their peculiar friend Dill Harris. Without being immersed in the children's Eden first, we cannot really understand the point of view of the narrator, who is telling the tale of her loss of innocence.  Much is made of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD as an indictment of racism. Certainly an awareness of and sensitivity to racial injustice informs the novel throughout, but I think it is really a tale of paradise lost, which happens to be told in the setting of racial conflict. This is the source I think of the novel's melancholy universality, for regardless whether you grew up in Alabama or in Zimbabwe, there comes a time in your life when you realize that the world isn't a very nice place, but there are still some things worth fighting for, and it's often surprising and inspiring just who the real heroes turn out to be."
"I have read a lot of books, but this book is definatly one of my favorites. It is about all men being equal, no matter what color skin you have, what kind of car you drive, whatever.This book is also very funny. I live in a small southern town, so I can relate to some of the funny things in this book. One of my favorite lines is when Scout says to ______( I don't want to spoil it!)""You can pet 'm Mr._____. You couldn't if he was 'wake though. He wouldn't let ya."" All in all, this a great book for people about 7th grade and up."
"How can you pass this book, by any stretch of the immagination? This books gives history a whole new definition. It was required reading for me in my Freshman Year. Usually, I would detest an book I was made to read in school, and this was my mindset as I began into the book. I thought, since it is a classic, it would be painstaking and difficult to understand and to read. I was wrong. By the time I was finished with each chapter, I found myself wondering what wou;d happen next. How could these awful things be similair to true historical events? It wasn't fair, and it really forsed me to think and use my head. I put myself in seperate perspectives, thought about the changes that have been made to our beloved America since, and how anyone could ever be so hateful and unjust. I have to say, I was entirely taken aback with Harper Lee's words, and am very impressed with this work of art."
"'To Kill A Mockingbird' is simply the greatest book of all time. If you haven't read it already, you MUST! If you are ever going to read any one book in your life, let it be this.  'To Kill' tells the story of growing up in a small southern town and loosing your innocence. The main characters, Atticus, Scout, and Jem are legendary and reading the book, you feel as if you know them. They remind you of people you know or at one time knew.  What can I say about this book that hasn't already been said? Not much. All I know is that everyone should read it sometime before they die. It's also one of the few books that you can read more than once without ever getting tired of it. So, make a trip to your local library, pick up a copy, and enjoy every minute of it."
i had to read this for school and i hated it. i'v read other classics and i liked those. this book does not deserve to be a classic
"Even though 'To Kill a Mockingbird' is most definately one of the classics, it was a wonderful book that managed to keep my interest. One thing that struck me about this book was the absolutely amazing characterization. ALL of Harper Lee's characters are well thought out, and believable. I can easily see everyone, Atticus, Scout, Jem, Dill, even the Ewell's, as being a real, flesh-and-blood person.  The book tells the story of a few years in Scout and Jem's life. They spend their summers gallavanting about with Dill, making up plays and spying on the neighbourhood recluse, Boo Radley. Scout struggles with becoming a lady, while previous passtimes include beating up other children.  Then, Atticus takes on a case defending a black man of raping a white woman. The case throws the entire town into uproar. Scout and Jem now have to deal with the remarks of classmates, and disapproval from a part of the community.  'To Kill a Mockingbird' is a book essential to anyone's library, and would be a good choice to help educate people on racism in the past."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is deep, and it touches on sensitive themes many authors write about; but none are nearly as effective in execution as Lee. An edition to do this book justice is the current trade paperback edition, the one by HarperCollins. The particular edition is printed on creamy, acid-free paper and has a wonderful illustrated cover that would make any library proud. Enjoy this fantastic read!"
"This is one of those works I reread ever few years.  Each time I read this wonderful novel I am even more impressed than the last time.  This work has some of the best character developement I am aware of.  It is a absolute delight for no other reason than this.  Of course the book gives us a wonderful picture of the South during the 1930s.  I actually feel that you can and will appreciate this work more had you lived during that time and in that area.  This work was no ""required reading"" when and where I went to school, which is a pitty.  It is a work more people should be exposed to.  I do note, through reading these many reviews here, that there is a direct relationship between the age of the reader and the appreciation of the book.  I am not at all sure the younger reader (and I do not mean this as a put down) can truely appreciate this particular work until they have been around the block a few times, both in life and in literature.  I think there may have to be a certain maturity reached before the appreciation can be reached.  This is true of so many things.  Had I read this in my early teens or late teens, I am not sure I would have like it all that well myself. That being said, I do feel that any reader will be much richer, in the long run, for having read this work.  I highly recommend."
"Like many people, I read this piece of crap in junior high school. Yet unlike many people, I read this out of free will. I was actually interested in it. I think it was three months later (Yes, it is that slow) when I finally finished it, very dissappointed, angry, and praising English Literature, while denouncing American Literature (Except Trancendentalists, Lost and Beat Generation)IF YOU WANT TO READ A CLASSIC, PASS THIS ONE BY AND READ CHARLES DICKENS, GEOFFREY CHAUCER, THOMAS HARDY, THE GREAT JONATHAN SWIFT OR ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON!ANYTHING BUT THIS OVERRATED PIECE OF CRAP!THE ONLY REASON THIS IS STILL FORCED UPON PEOPLE ONLY TO BE DISSAPPOINTED, IS BECAUSE OF THE SUCCESS OF THE 1962 FILM ADAPTATION."
"This book was interesting and still one of the oldest yet greatest books that is still read today.  It was a tragic, exciting, and adventurous book that keeps you grabbing your seat at every turn of the page.Harper Lee writes about how the life of a black man is like during this time as a little girl named Scout.  She also talks about her adventures with her brother Jem, and her good friend Dill who all try to get a look at the town's most mysterious character Arthur ""Boo"" Radley.I recommend this book to those who are mature and those who like racism, adventure and have violent themes.  I also recommend it to those who like tragedy in their books."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is an ugly example of injustice where a black man in a segregated Alabama is falsely accused of attacking a white woman.  While the racial divide was a profound theme in the novel, the dedication of the lawyer was memorable and has set the mark for many looking for their Addicus Finch when faced with a legal dilemma.  Harper Lee, like her good friend Capote, is a provocative author rendering the organic sides of human nature both in tragedy and justice.  It is no wonder really why this book has been around for over thirty years.  Still today the readers of tomorrow would find it a compelling book."
"I listened to this audiobook on a long road trip recently and found it held my attention from beginning to end. First, Spacek is an excellent reader who has a unique way of giving every character a unique voice--both sexes, and all ages, races, and social classes. She even manages to project the feistiness and naivte of the young narrator (""Scout"" Finch, who is about 7 years old through most of the novel) without being as annoying as the character most likely was to the adults she interacted with. Spacek's warmth and sensitive reading were essential in communicating that MOCKINGBIRD is a novel about how a community understands itself: the silences it keeps and the things it will and won't tolerate. Although I read the book many years ago and enjoyed it then, what struck me as especially interesting upon hearing it anew is that Harper Lee has done something very unique, she has presented us with a dual coming-of-age story. At the same time that Scout is facing some hard realities as she reaches what theologicans used to call ""the age of reason,"" her brother Jim is moving from childhood to adolescence (at one point he proudly displays a single chest hair), a time of troubling ambiguity. This dual perspective of reason and sexuality proves to be the perfect lens through which to observe the key events of the story, the ugliness of racism and the trumped-up charges of rape that Atticus Finch, the children's father, is called to address in his role as court-appointed lawyer for an accused black man. At times the novel veers toward preachy, and I'm sure some readers/listeners will find it heavy-handed. But somehow, perhaps because it is told to us by a child, this heavy-handedness seems easy to forgive."
"Excellent read!  Strong characters with a teasing story left me wanting more and more so I read it in one sitting over the thanksgiving break. The book was easy to fold back, the print was not harsh on my stigmatism and the feel of the book was great.  The story was fascinating, engrossing, and I was totally captivated by the unfolding drama.  The narrating character, scout, unveiled the hipocricy of americans in their attitudes towards people of a different color, different economic status, different religion, and people with disabilities.  She allowed her reader, through literature, to see the human nature of many people to pass judgement on others without judging themselves first.  A deep descriptin of social life in Alabama during the Great Depression and New Deal."
"It's more than a story or a tale, it is the kind of book you keeps thinking on it 10 years after you read it.It's about sanity, about the freedom you are ready to grasp without failling into madness, or just otherness..Recently I discovered an step in project plan called ""sanity check"", I recalled the book inmediatly.  As I told before is a book about sanity and freedom. You'll find yourself inbedded in the characters, feeling the loose borders of the reality. Doubting your own borders and assumptions, stretching the hand beyond the walls of your own freedom and sensing the feeling the panic behind."
"One of thee best, no explaination needed, this is a good gift for anyone or for a young adult of about 12+"
"TKaM is not the finest piece of prose -- though it does have some terrific (sometimes humorous, sometimes heartbreaking) stretches.  Nor is it the most compelling story.  But it is a story well told, well voiced (by its very young narrator), and well paced.  Above all, it is a story whose themes -- addressed to the best and the worst in human nature -- endure, themes that (one alternately hopes and is greatly saddened to think) will endure forever.  For this reason, in spite of its quaint anachronistic feel, TKaM is a novel for the ages, and a particularly important read for children.  I had the special pleasure of listening to TKaM narrated by Sissy Spacek, the perfect voice for Scout."
"As a long time English teacher, I find this audio CD very good, both professionally and personally.  I've never enjoyed the book so much.  Sissy Spacek is incredible as a reader, and I plan to relisten every year."
"I never was required to read this book in school and only picked it up 20 years later at the continued insistance of a friend.  I hesitated to read it, not thinking I would like it, and to my surprise I loved the book.  Not only is it a great read but Harper Lee is a masterful storyteller whose prose and craft are exceptional.  I think I may need to reread it in the future."
"Read, re-read and re-read.  If you've read this book more than 10 years ago, you'll be amazed at its artistry and timeliness if you read it now.I've read most every contemporary novelist who have renown for being among the best.  While quite a few of them deserve such encomium, quite a few of them do not.  To compare style, content, artistry, - then pure enjoyment with ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", none truly equal the work of Harper Lee.It certainly should be on the required reading list of every high school in this country."
"I watched the movie many years ago, and I thought it was great (and it is), but the book didn't make it to the top of my to-read list until a few months ago.  When I read it, I was so glad I had.  Unlike some classics, this book truly deserves every award that it has gotten.  It's a perfect example of how a book can do things that a movie, even a good one, can't.  It uses beautiful writing and an interesting and heart-warming story to confront some very hard issues.  This book is definitely a must-read."
"The book, To Kill a Mockingbird, really made me feel lucky that I was born in the time I was. Back then in the 1930s, blacks were treated badly just for the color of their skin. Nobody cared about them. As for the whites, some found it hard to live that kind of lifestyle, just like the main characters, Jem and Scout, two siblings living at this time. They live in the town of Maycomb, Alabama. The town seems very boring and desolate. It also seems like they are stuck in a bubble, not able to get out of the town.The book is narrated by a young girl named Scout who lives during the time when blacks and whites were segregated. Her father is a lawyer and he is often made fun of because he defends black people. Later in the book, he has to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, who is charged for the crime of rape of a poor white girl, Mayella Ewell.Atticus is the father of Jem and Scout. He raises him with their cook, Calpurnia. Atticus teaches Scout everything. He tells her, ""You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view...Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it."" She remembers this especially in the end of the book. Atticus says a lot of important things such as ""There's a lot of ugly things in this world, son. I wish I could keep 'em all away from you. That's never possible."" He really cares about his children and he wants them to grow up right.One summer, Jem and Scout meet their next door neighbor's nephew, Dill, who comes over every summer. They become amused with the house down the street, the Radley's. They want to see the son who is believed to have stabbed his father with scissors, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley. They have a silent relationship with Boo because of the presents Boo gives them in the knothole of a tree near the Radley house. The presents that he gave them included chewed up gum and figures that looked like them. It was really odd.When I finished the book and took time to understand the meaning of why it is a sin to kill a mockingbird it all came to me and I liked the book. The book very harsh with racial discrimination, but it is really funny that the children of Maycomb County care more about the blacks than the adults. There are some fun and interesting parts besides the harsh comments, but mainly it focuses on how the past really was. I am still very happy to have been born in the time that I was. You must read this book because it will make you understand the past a little bit better and you will learn from the mistakes people back then made."
"I had to read this novel for my Advanced Placement English class. It was actually something which I loved. Incredible... Harper Lee's novel is a timeless telling of a battle with morality and ethics during the Depression. Major events include Scout and Jem's developments as human beings, with the senses of justice, morality, and self that are integral to the personal psyche; Tom Robinson's accusation, trial, and death, as well as experiences with and the aftermath of these events; and Bob Ewell's hell-bent campaign of revenge against discreditors, along with Atticus' eternally optimistic, comforting presence.SCOUTScout Finch begins her journey in To Kill A Mockingbird as a naive, childish, innocent 5-year-old who is dependent upon those who surround her: Jem, Atticus, and others. When we leave her, she has become more mature, contemplative, and significantly independent in mental areas. Although she still needs Atticus and Jem, Scout's realization of injustice and her ability to ""climb into [a person's] skin and walk around in it"" (30) effectively fulfills the moral ambition which Harper Lee had set for the character.JEMJeremy Finch begins the novel as much more mature than his younger sister. However, his journey is no less dramatic. Jem's major developments are in the areas of justice and morals. He was deeply immersed in the trial of Tom Robinson, whose verdict and human loss corrupted his new, inexperienced morals. Via Atticus and the good ol' time, the reader is confident that Jem's pysche will recover.ATTICUSScout and Jem are highly dependent upon their father, who is the basis upon which they are able to morally and mentally develop. Atticus himself, as the foundation, is unwavering. He does not develop so much as details are revealed about him via circumstances that develop the others. If Bob Ewell is the Devil in the novel, Atticus is the always-good Christ figure.LOSS OF INNOCENCEThe main theme, which is so deeply entwined in the novel that it is the source of the title, is the loss of innocence theme. In chapter 10, Atticus, the eternal voice of reason and conscience, tells Scout that it is a sin to kill a mockingbird. This is reaffirmed on several occasions. The theme involves a ""mockingbird,"" or a completely innocent, uncorrupted person, being somehow damaged and hurt by an evil force that casuses them to lose their joy. Mockingbirds in the novel include Dill, Scout (who is able to maintain her optimism), and Jem (who is perhaps not so lucky), as well as Tom Robinson. However, the greatest example of all is that of Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, an energetic, enigmatic boy who was damaged psychologically by an abusive, neglectful father to the point of exile and withdrawal into himself.RACISMThere are many who consider To Kill A Mockingbird's discussion of racism to be taboo and thus have challenged the book. However, the trial of Tom Robinson, an event so central to the novel, is governed by Depression-era Southern prejudice, which includes use of the N-word to provide authenticity. THe message of the book is one of denouncing racism, and is thus integral to the development of anti-prejudice beliefs in the reader's psyche, not to mention for Jem and Scout.CRITIQUE OF ORTHODOX EDUCATIONHarper Lee shows her dislike for orthodox education in two main events. First, Miss Caroline's methods of teaching are shown to be ineffective and encourage Scout to not read until she's supposed to be able to. Atticus, who Lee has established as the voice of right, tells Scout to keep reading, which shows favor for individual development. The second event is the current events sequence, during which Lee claims the objectives of forced public speaking are useless. She is clearly in opposition to the apparent advantages of ""being singled out [and made] more than ever anxious to return to the Group"" (243) and the theory that the general populace is more important than one person. This may be part of the reason that To Kill A Mockingbird reflects the very individual developments of Scout and Jem.OPTIMISM VS. PESSIMISMThe novel itself is littered with negative, pessimistic events. The greatest of these is undoubtedly racism, and the townspeople's collective inability to identify and deal with their own prejudice. Countering these events are such things as a three-hour jury deliberation and protection of life by an unexpected hero. For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. This is certainly true of the novel: Boo Radley will kill them, Boo Radley saves their lives. Maycomb is racist, Scout and Jem are able to use that to develop their morals. However, there are no existences of Maycomb that are so completely different from each other than the existences of Bob Ewell and Atticus Finch. If Bob Ewell wears red horns, Atticus wears a halo, and it is his unceasing presence that comforts his children. Atticus protects justice, innocence, and goodness, and it is no coincidence that in the end it is Bob who is dead and Atticus who thrives. VERDICT: Optimism.PERSONAL OPINIONIt is quite rare that I enjoy examining and dissecting a novel when forced to. TO Kill A Mockingbird is one of those rare books. I enjoyed it as a novel, which has eternally been my main objective. I also very much liked reading into the various morals of the story and learning about the theories and philosophies that Lee had presented.As a novel, I found it to be controversial, stimulating, educational and well-written. While I admire Atticus for his parenting, sense of justice, morality, disregard for absolute propriety, and optimism without naivete, I found his character to be flawed but a little too Christlike. The same applies to Bob Ewell: nobody is that entirely evil, and for Lee to portray him as such was unrealistic. All in all, though, it was an interesting read.There has been much discussion about the use of the N-word, especially by people on this board, including one named D.Thill. While I understand the desire to protect young children from offensive language, perhaps parents such as this person should take into account the maturity it takes to read this novel and to comprehend the objectives behind the use of the word. It provides authenticity; for Lee to not include it would not be honoring her own artistic vision. It has nothing to do with a lack of vocabulary. Perhaps such an individual should review their own grammatical abilities and comprehension in order to then understand Lee's brilliance.The discussion over whether or not the morals of this novel are relevant nowadays ... it's dispicable. I am in an AP English class. Clearly, the Canadian AP board considers this novel to be important. Whether or not the Americans are too offended by a telling of their own sordid history remains to be seen. Not discredting Faulkner or other incredible authors, To Kill A Mockingbird deserves just as much.Children are not stupid; especially in a society such as today's, exposing them to a piece of classic literature that deals with the controversial events is perhaps the best thing that could be done. Perhaps people would rather children learn about these things from TV or movies, where the messages so clearly outlined in this novel may be distorted."
"This book enters the soul and never leaves. Just hearing the title takes me back to the first time I read it in Junior High.  Adult issues witnessed by children, the eyes and ears of the town. The story is told with heart, clarity and above all else the hopefulness of youth.Have read it three times and will read it again."
"are there still people on the planet who haven't read this one?  if so, we need to change that!  this is my absolute favorite book of all time.  i believe it should be required reading for the human race.  it touches on so many human experiences: racism, fear, truth, coming of age, the south, families, friendship (i could go on).  yet lee manages to keep the story clean and flowing.  scout is the perfect main character; she is innocent, young and a bit naive.  this results in the reader know more than she does.  yet her story is so wonderfully told.  i re-read this book about once every 2 years and i fall in love with it each time."
"I liked the book because there is this father who really cares about his kids.  He is nice to other people.  I learned that no matter what color of skin someone is they are still people and it matters who they are inside.  If you lie and the other people find out the truth, they won't believe you or trust you anymore.  If you tell the truth, you'll have more friends that will like you better."
"I know everyone has to read this book sometime.  I thought the book was boring......... As a parent I wish that there were ""classic"" books that our kids could read with out the language.  I think it is sad that a writter has todrop to the level to use the degree of bad language to tell a story.  To me it just says that  they are very limited in their vocabulary.  They story was long and drawen out. The subgect unfortunatleywas truthful durint time period for the south.  Black vs. white"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel about prejudice and racism.  The story is about a girl named Scout and her family.  Scout has a lot of normal and interesting experiences which are fun to read.  The story was a smooth read.  Later in the story Scout's father, who is a lawyer, is put in a position where he is to defend an innocent black man.  The tension builds in the story as the town almost lynches the innocent man because of prejudice and racism.  The story is interesting and inspiring.  I recommend this as a must read for anyone looking for a book t about courage and standing up for what is right.  I give this book five stars."
"This is a very good book.When my teacher first gave me this to read I thought it was another dumb kid's book. I was wrong. Thisbook is so well written.It has a great plot and its so realistic. I felt I was right there with Scout and Jem. If you want something beautiful,fun, and heart warming to read this is the book."
"I first read this book when I was 12 years old and it impacted me greatly. Since then I have read it countless times, even before I began to teach it to my HS classes. It has humor, plot, detail, wonderful characterization, pertinent and universal themes, as well as providing an enduring and realistic picture of the South in the 1930's. It doesn't matter that it is somewhat sentimental-- the hard edges of some of the detail toughen it up enough to be the perfect read for either study or pleasure."
"The author of this book is Harper Lee, with characters Scout, Jem, and Atticus who spend years bonding and going through everything together. I would recommend this book to anybody who is old and mature enough to recognize, and take forth, life lessons. What I did not like about this book was the general form of their dialogue. Some things were pronounced and said differently back in the 1930s and especially in Alabama. By the way it's typed, sometimes it was difficult to understand it, at first. What I really liked was the exquisite compassion from the story. The author left in the perfect amount of information for the serious consideration of the horrid racism from their times. This story was a very big eye-opener and it was very moving. If this book had only connected the two parts more smoothly, then I believe the story would have flowed better. The ending was unexpectant, which can be a good or bad thing. In my opinion, it was most enlightening conceieved finish. If I were to amend or edit anything, I would make the title more attention-getting, although the true meaning for the title is revealed after reading the story. This novel was one of the best I have read; and probably ever will read, because it shines the spotlight on the historical fiction perspective, while not casting a shadow too dark to realize this era's truth."
"This novel is a book i would reccomend to any reader interested in a valuble story filled with life lessons. The story of growing up in Maycomb county with all the raceism and mystery of Boo Radley kept me intrigued throughout the book.I give this book 4 stars, only because of the fact that the vocabulary is very advanced.This book is a great inspiration to treat people equal and you will be rewarded.!!!~**"
"To kill a Mockingbird was a very good book. It taught me alot of ""life"" lessons. It is soooooo good. Action packed. But yet serious in nature. Some parts were better than others. But overall I would have to turn down the chance to read it again. It was very sad for me to read the part where tom died.  Love, Harold g. Simmons III"
I give this book ****becuase it wasnt that much good or bad this book was like something that you could take it was not like an emotional book it was a book that taught a lesson.The lesson that I thought it thaught was like you shouldnt judge any body's apperance of what they look like you should do it by the facts. and thats what I thaught the book thaught.
"Harper Lee brought her award winning novel to life in: To Kill A  Mockingbird.  Lee really brought the theme of racism to life.  She taught the real subject and reality of it all.  She put her heart and soul into writing the novel.  The only downside to the book is it isn't an amazing ending; it was somewhat bland.  The story takes place in Maycomb, Alabama.  The book had unique characters, who all had their own personality.  This book is rated four stars because the plot was very strong and the characters came to life.  Harper Lee created an extraordinary novel every person should read."
i really feel this is a great book.i would rate it 4 stars. what i liked about this book is the 2 part r the trial part of the book. The 1st part wasn't the most interesting part even though i like the caracters in that part. I would recomend this book to anyone who was a little older and enjoys the kind of books i like. I will read this book again when i get older so maybe i will get something different out of it. After reading it i know why it is an award winning book. I hope u will enjoy it as nuch as i did!!!!!!
"Tis book is a good book.  When you start to read this book you have to be patient.  The book has two parts in it.  The first part is very boring, there is absolutely no action.  Once you read into the saecond part of the book, it gets much more exciting.The Tom Robinson trial starts and many other things happen as well.  I would recommend this book to patient readers, who like books to get better at the end.  If you need action on every page, don't pick up this book, or start at the second part. I  gave this book three stars because the begining was so boring. This is my review of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"".hey you kids cut that out"
"This book is a good book.  When you start to read this book you have to be patient.  The book has two parts in it.  The first part is very boring, there is absolutely no action.  Once you read into the saecond part of the book, it gets much more exciting.The Tom Robinson trial starts and many other things happen as well.  I would recommend this book to patient readers, who like books to get better at the end.  If you need action on every page, don't pick up this book, or start at the second part. I  gave this book three stars because the begining was so boring. This is my review of To Kill A Mockingbird."
"This book is a good book.  When you start to read this book you have to be patient.  The book has two parts in it.  The first part is very boring, there is absolutely no action.  Once you read into the saecond part of the book, it gets much more exciting.The Tom Robinson trial starts and many other things happen as well.  I would recommend this book to patient readers, who like books to get better at the end.  If you need action on every page, don't pick up this book, or start at the second part. I  gave this book three stars because the begining was so boring. This is my review of ""To Kill A Mockingbird""."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird was higher level of reading.  I would recommmend this book to high school students.  The book is based on the olden days when raceism was popular in the southern states. There were some good ideas given from Harper Lee. She had an interesting plot line and gives good messages to the reader.  It was very detailed, however the vocabulary was at a higher level and it wasn't always understandable.  It was written a very long time ago so younger people aren't always clued in with the terms and phrases that are used.  These are the reasons why I gave the book 3 stars."
"Through the unbaised eyes of a young child in a racial southern town, Lee explores the deepest relations and choices that truely shape not only the heros of the past, but a powerful classic novel.Today children are taught in school about the horrors of prejudice, racism, amd hatred.  We are also taught about the enduring heros that confronted these issues.  Yet often these lessons hardly sink in.  The narrator of the novel, young Scout, learns about racism through her town's hatred and prosecution of black people.  She realizes that her own father is one of the many people who is brave enough to stand up for what is right what it is so much easier to hide behind everyone else.  As Scout ls taught about these issues through experience, the reader also gains a deeper understanding of the true effects of racism.The book is not only an insight on human nature, but also has a fabulous plot and deeply explored characters.  it can be a light read or a profound analysis can be done.  All ways of reading the book are enjoyable and enlightening."
"This is truly a great book.  The characters are well-developed, the story is exciting, and some great lessons are learned along the way.  In fact, I think that Harper Lee managed to hold up a great MIRROR to Southern society.  Every character here seems so realistic.  Definitely worth a read!"
"To kill a Mocking Bird is a book about two childern who go though life tring to meet a man named who they call boo radley. A man that has not came out of his house in years. They spend time going to their dads court meeting. Their father is defending a man that people think raped a young girl. one of their best friends come every summer!  I loved this book, it made me think of what life was back then.it was wonderful."
"I had to read this book in school and it was pretty good for an educational book. It had many adventures and exciting parts in it. It is about a woman named Scout who is in her thirties. She is narrarating her memories from when she was 6-10 years old. Some memories she talks about include how she and her brother Jem would always walk by the Radley house. They would sometimes find small presents in the knothole of the tree outside and they knew Boo (Arthur) Radley would come out a night to put them there. His brother Nathan wasn't supposed to let him out of the house and Boo had been locked up for the past 15 or so years (ever since he was 16). Another event that takes place is that Atticus, Scout and Jem's dad, is the lawyer representing a black man who has been accused of rape. Many people in the town are racist and don't think he should represent the case but he has to, to keep his moral value. This book takes place in the 1930's. The only reason why I didn't give this book five stars was that it isn't my type of genre, I don't really like historical fiction type stories, but other wise this book was very good!!"
"I never saw the movie with Gregory Peck and knew very little about the plot but I knew the book and movie have been regarded as classics. So I was expecting a great read and I wasn't disappointed. The old south's racial code of ethics, were written with a great deal of insight and I thought it was very interesting comparing it with our current day struggles with race relations. Needless to say we've come a long way, thanks to people's attitudes  like the character Atticus portrayed in this book. A must read."
"I was an English major and had never read some of the classics, such as this book is. So, I read it. I hate novels but found this text to be a delightful read. It is slow to get going but once you arrive at the courtroom scenes, it is all worth it. The characters are fun to get to know and the central message of the book is great. It is an easy book to read; thus, its prominence in high schools, and its a quick read too.Sometimes you read a novel and hope that there are some undertones present from which you can make some strong conclusions about what the author is trying to say. Some books fail at this entirely; this one doesn't. It is filled with subtle meaning and revelation. If you want to read a text that is simple to read and full of meaning, a true American classic, this is the one for you!"
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a classic tale of a child's perspective as she comes to learn about the difficulty of choosing between doing what is right and doing what is easy. She grows through her own experiences and by observing her principaled father, who is a lawyer, struggle through a controversial trial in a small southern town.The writing here is fantastic, the lessons run deep and the story is engaging and keeps the pages turning.  Highly recommended."
"""Classic"" is a inadequate word when attemping to describe the moral values portrayed in thsi book. Set in a simpler more delicate time than any of us have lived, To kill a mockingbird is the scipture to live by. Comparably better than the bible, Harper's use of symbolism and veiled honorable demeanor are what we should be passing on to our children. An oasis in a world of lethargic ideals, this book is long awaited and well deserved guide of how one should conduct him or herself. ""Delete the adjectives and you will have the facts"" -Atticus"
"The book To Kill a Mocking Bird is a classic form the hand of Harper Lee. This book is a timeless classic back from the 1950's. This is a great growing up story about two children and their adventures. These little challenges that they are faced with become even harder when there are no grown ups around except their African American maid. Around dinner time their father Atticus Finch will arrive. Atticus portrayed as a kind sensitive lawyer who is very good with kids, but to the main characters he is an old man who has no exciting hobbies except reading. Scout Finch, Jem Finch and their friend Dill are three young children around the ages of ten and twelve years old who really love to be outside and love to play games. By far their most favorite game is to try and get a creepy old man, Boo Radley come out of his house. These games last a long while and they lead up to the hearing of a black man who is accused of raping a white woman. Back during the 1950's that was a serous offence. There is a trial and Atticus is the man's defense attorney. And everyone thinks he is guilty except the Finch family."
"This story has always been like a sacred parable for me. The  semi-autobiographical by Miss Lee encapsulates just about every nuance of human nature and morality worth describing. No wonder she decided that she needn't write another book. The heroes: Scout, Jem, Boo and Addicus are like shining lights in the midst of a world gone morally dark. The morality is as apt today as it ever was; only the names and faces have changed. Maybe the human story is allowed to endure only through the grace extended to a moral Minority."
"This novel takes place in Maycomb Countty, Alabama. The plot of this story is great. Some of the interesting characters are, Scout, Jem, Atticus, Boo Radley, and Tom Robinson. This book gives me a good perspective on life and I learned many life lessons. One thing that ticked me off was how the white people treated the black people. Some thing I was proud of was when Atticus decided to defend a black man, Tom Robinson in his trial in the case of him rapeing a young women. Finally I give this book 4 stars. I give it  4 stars because it was great to read and I was intriqued by each character, chapter, and part in the book. But most of all the life lessons I learned, life values, and mental values toward life. It was an interesting book and great book.  - Bruno St.Jacques"
To kill a mockingbird is a fair book. Out of 5 stars starts i would rate it 3 stars. THis book teaches you alot about how back then poeple could be so racist. Harper Lee is an outstanding writer she used vivid words to help to visualize the events that were occuring. IT takes place in Maycomb county. About a brother Jem and his sister Scout. It explains their journey of growth and experience with the  help of their dad Atticus. There dreaded neighhbor Mrs. Dubose and many other character. I would recommend this book it teaches you alot about life.
I would recomend this book to people who are a little older than us because I think we had a little trouble reading it. Some things I liked about it was how she showed the lessons of life throughout the book. The plot was well written and exciting.Somethings I disliked about it was it was more of an adult book so it was hard to follow what was happening. I think they should make a younger version for people who don't really like to read. This is my review for To Kill a Mockingbird.
The book was realistic on what life was like when there was discrimination against the blacks. The way the people treated Tom Robinson will make you angry of why people could do something like that. However some down parts to the book is that the first part is pretty boring. It explains what life was like for Scout before the trial. The only part I was really interested in was the trial.
"I think the author had some good qualities.One was that she is very detailed,but she leaves you to figure out things for yourself.But for the average reader or a young reader this woulud be very boring them.This is a little bit of my opinion about this book.This book strikes me as a mediocre book.since it can be dull sometimes it's hard to keep focus while reading this book. So no I wouldn't recommend this book to ANYONE at all unless they're very matture.so this is my reasoning and basis for my rating"
"I enjoyed reading this book.  It gave me a knew thought on life and how whites treated black people.  I didn't know how badly they got treated.  I give this book 4 stars.  I gave this book 4 stars because te book was good but the first part wasn't the greatest.  The overall book was good but the beginning part wasn't my favorite.  I would definetely recommend this book to people.  I think this book is directed to the older group of people.  After reading To Kill A Mockingbird I can see why it is award winning.  To Kill A Mockingbird was a great book.  I think everyone should read To Kill A Mockingbird.Your Fellow Reader,(Harper Lee's #1 fan)"
"This book produces a spectacular amount of insight. The plot, in my opinion, proves to be a strong one with interesting and realistic characters that make the book even more interesting. The plot was cleverly made to not only tell a story, but to express to the readers life long lessons, that apply today and in the future. Although the book is extremely well-written, the last few chapters didn't really flow with the plot. Although exciting, I found that it was slightly out of sync. This heartfelt story will hopefully be passed down for many generations to come; so that we not only realize the moral values that we often neglect, but we learn that life is full of adventure, courage, and ups and downs."
"I would recondmend this book to anyone in the whole wide world.  It is a great book for people to learn from and recive compasion for those who are different from them, like the African Americans and the ""white"" people.  I learned that in this book we must love eachother.  And we need to be excepting of everyone, and if this can happen we wil not have anymore racism in the whole wide world.  Your Fellow Book Worm,  Harper Lee's #2 Fan"
"I would recondmend this book to anyone in the whole wide world.  It is a great book for people to learn from and recive compasion for those who are different from them, like the African Americans and the ""white"" people.  I learned that in this book we must love eachother.  And we need to be excepting of everyone, and if this can happen we wil not have anymore racism in the whole wide world.  Your Fellow Book Worm,  Harper Lee's #2 Fan"
"I thought this book was very good! I would recommend this book to anyone.I like how it was honest about how whites treated black people. It shows that white people weren't fair to black people. I hope that everyone who reads this book takes in what it was like back then and can help make a change today in racism! It shows so many good, strong life lessons in it. I didn't really not like any part of it! The only thing i didn't think was right was the ending. I didn't like how Tom Robinson dies. I know that is the reality from those days, but all he wanted was to be a free man. An inistent man! Over all i love this book, and couldn't see why anyone would not want to read this book!"
"I think many people have missed the point of the book. The book is a classic coming of age story about two young siblings in the south. It's told from the point of view of Scout, a preteen girl. The different events in the book are relevant because they lead to Scout's maturity. She goes from an innocent child, to a maturing preteen. Example: In the begining of the novel, Scout and her brother Jem are obsessed with the idea of Boo Radley. They don't view him as a human being. He is this scary thing that they don't quite believe is real. They come up with ideas to get him to come out of the house. They even try to look through his windows to catch a glimpse of him. Later, when Boo saves Scout and Jem from Mr. Ewell, Scout feels ashamed of she and her brother's previous treatment of Boo Radley. She realizes that he's just another human being. He's nothing to be afraid. He deserves to be treated the same as everyone else. That moment was when Scout left her childhood behind. The rape trial is also another turning point in Scout's maturity. It's not about rape or racism. Those themes help to shape the person that Scout will become. I loved this book and I plan on buying it so I can read it whenever I feel like it. I've read some of the reviews here. I think it's sad that many people missed the point of the book. I also think that this book might not be for everyone. I think southerners will relate to the book better than anyone else. I found Scout and Jem's way of life to be very much like my own growing up. I think the book is a must read for everyone, but people need to open their minds and look deeper. Look past the rape and racism. The book is about so much more than that."
"First read this book at age 12 and have read this book often over the years since.The main characters are clear and fine.  The subject of the trial and human nature at it's worst is dark and shameful.  Atticus Finch shines a light on this world and tries to uplift it, as observed through the eyes of his children.  He teaches them through his example, truly he teaches us all."
"This book is a great book to read in High School. It teaches lessons of friendship and compassion for other people. It's a dramatic, life-changing book that will really make you think. In eighth grade I moaned and groaned after hearing about the book. But this year, my English teacher gave us assigned chapters to read, methodically, and worksheets to review the chapter. It's really a wonderful book."
"I was fortunate enough to read To Kill a Mockingbird when I was in 9th grade. I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I did. The book is absolutely amazing, but like most books, has a few boring parts. But that can be easily overlooked. My favorite characters were Atticus and Boo Radley, who, when we finally met him, was in my opinion, awesome. Definitely worth reading."
"Like many of the reviewers i had to read this book at school,and was not looking forward to it. But to my suprise ,i found it really refreshing and after a slow start ,i really got into it. It is a truthful and  definetly a book for those who are openminded and understanding. Although it gives a rough description of the south,it doesn't make the south seem unpleasant but just illustrates the racism ,predudice and class system that exists to this very day. I will keep this book with me for times to come,a definete classic for all ages."
"This is a truly great novel. It's well-written, engrossing, poignant, and takes on a lot of the big issues from growing up to racism to fear and ignorance. It is at once complex in its themes yet simple to understand. As a result, it doesn't have that sense of deep untertone and vast implications one often associates with great literature. I respect Harper Lee's achievement in writing a true and important classic. At the same time, I often find myself drawn to more challenging works. I'm glad I read it--I liked it--but it didn't give me that feeling of a mental workout that I usually seek."
"This book has been a favorite since 10th grade (that's been many many years)!  Each time I read it, it still captivates me and I learn more from it.  It's a wonderful story."
"The book begins with an observation from Charles Lamb that lawyers were children too.  Since its publication date in 1960, this novel has lost none of its popularity.  Atticus Finch, a lawyer, is the narrator's father.  Maycomb is a tired old town.  The family lives on the main residential street.When Scout is six and her brother Jem is ten, a playmate, Dill, age seven, appears.  He is visiting his aunt for the summer.  Calpurnia, a servant, structures the children's days.  The children are fascinated by the Radley place.  I will not disclose the plot importance of the Radley connection in order to preserve the suspense for the reader.  The description of an Alabama childhood during the Great Depression is priceless.  It is no wonder this one book author could not repeat her achievement when, on the first try, she produced a masterpiece.At school Jem and Scout are subject to a progressive, John Dewey-style education.  (Amusingly, Jem confuses the new plan with the Dewey decimal system.)  Atticus has to teach Scout the meaning of compromise as she attempts to understand and participate in the confusing world of the first grade. Scout thinks that laughter is coming from the Radley house.  The children believe that Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, a former resident of the insane asylum,  lives in the house.  They ask a neighbor, Miss Maudie, if Boo is dead, and she says no.  Atticus tells the children to stop tormenting the man.The children start to find chewing gum in a knot in a tree on the Radley property.  Later they find a watch and a spelling bee medal in the knot hole, and still later the hole is filled with cement by somebody. Scout hears from a relative that her best friend Dill just gets passed around and does not have a home.  (Truman Capote claimed that he was the model for Dill, and indeed, circumstances of his childhood match the attributes of the character.) In one scene there is a deserted waiting street and a mad dog.  Calpurnia has an alert telephoned to everyone through  Maycomb's telephone operator.  Since the Radleys do not have a telephone, she yells in the direction of the Radley house for the Radleys to stay indoors, too.  In the evolution of this episode, Scout learns that Atticus is a crack shot.There is a caste system in Maycomb.  Scout's father is handling an unpopular case.  Someone is accused of rape and Scout does not know of what the factors in the crime are.  Atticus sits in front of the jail guarding the life of his client.  A mob went to his yard earlier.  Atticus has a crowd of sullen people surrounding him at the jail.  Scout's conversation with one of the members of the crowd causes the crowd to disperse.  Atticus later cautions the children that a mob in every little southern town is always made up of people, regular people. The trial attracts  numerous spectators.  When the jury convicts an innocent man, Scout and Jem and Dill are shocked.  The man dies in a jail break.A wonderful feature of the book is that the story is told from a child's perspective.  In addition, the rich oral culture of the region is evident in the book's pages."
"This book i found quite compelling.  It was an easy read, but made your mind wonder to far off places.  Harper Lee illustrates each moment so tediously that you find you yourself become apart of the adventures with Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, and Boo Radley.  YOu feel for the characters as if they were really special to you.  I would recommend this book for someone who definitely knows they can understand this book, for there is far deeper meaning within itself.  It also  reviews black racism in an interesting way.  Atticus is a lawyer and father to Jem and Scout.  The town of Maycomb assigns him to defend an African American.  You see what happens to this upper class family through the stages of this task.  You are shown what happens between the towns people and this family and how many of them become dynamic characters.  Changing their views and beliefs.  Would reccomend this to anyone who is a good reader and has a little interest in historical fiction."
"This superb book contains several moral lessons and subtly points out faults that many of us share. Most importantly, we must follow our conscience and do what we know is right no matter the possible cost. That takes a great deal of courage and most of us have at one time or another failed in this respect. Harper Lee's Atticus Finch on the other hand was more than up to the task even though most of the town and his family were against him. Lee makes no effort to hide the fact that often there will be consequences for those who take a stand and those consequences will not always be pleasant.Atticus Finch is not the main character of this story however. The main characters are Atticus' son Jem and his daughter Scout who tells the story. I advise that you forget looking for the moral implications of the story for they are evident and it is much easier to enjoy this book if you just read it and don't try to dissect it.  Jem (Jeremy) and Scout (Jean Louise) are probably the most interesting literary children since Tom and Huck and some of their adventures will remind the reader of Twain's creations. In short, this book is just plain fun to read and I regret terribly having waited so long to read it!During most of the story the children's adventures tend to revolve around the Radley house and it's most sinister occupant, Boo (Arthur) Radley. Boo is a recluse that hasn't been spotted out of his house by a reliable source in many years and of course the rumor mill in a small town has turned him into a monster that eats raw squirrels. In the end, the Boo Radley story line presents the reader with yet another moral lesson but the trail that leads to this lesson takes many interesting twists and turns.One will also find a very good description of the twentieth century South in Lee's work. From sleeping on the porch in the Summertime to watching the old men loaf around the courthouse I can honestly say I have been there and done that. Class distinction has always been very important in the South and Harper Lee works hard to bring that distinction out. Thankfully African-Americans are currently judged on their merit and not their race so that they fall into the caste system all up and down the ladder. In the 1930s though things were much different. The three lowest rungs on the ladder were poor white trash (the Cunninghams) and low down white trash (the Ewells), with blacks at the bottom. The significance of this being that at that point in time even the lowest whites would be believed over any African-American.Atticus Finch was for his time and place a fairly odd bird and thank God that there really were Finches out there to look out for the mockingbirds of the world."
"To Kill a MockingbirdHarper Lee Scout remembered her father saying, ""You never really know a man until you stand in his shoes and walk around in them.""  At the end of the novel she says, ""Just standing on the Radley porch was enough."" To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic novel about growing up and the loss of childhood innocence.  One of the major themes of the novel revolves around the meaning of courage.  Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch is growing up in the 1930's in a small Alabama town.  Her single father, Atticus, is a well-respected attorney.  Readers are taken through a period of three years in the lives of the children and their neighbors. A fire, a rabid dog and stories of Boo Radley fill the otherwise slow days of Scout, Jem and their friend, Dill.  The children are focused mostly on Boo and trying to catch a glimpse of him. Atticus is annoyed with their fascination with Boo, but finds himself in the middle of a rape trial which will challenge the soul of the town.  Tom Robinson, a black man, is accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a white woman. As the children watch their father take a stand, they learn lessons which can only be taught by example. This is a powerful story of growing up.  It is easy to be drawn into the book as it explores the message of true courage and standing up for what you believe. I recommend this book to all.BIBLIO: October 11, 1998, Warner Books; Reissue edition, Middle-High School, $ 6.99REVIEWER: Katie GordonFORMAT: NovelISBN: 0446310786"
I liked this book because it shows how life used to be. It shows you how racist  those times were.  Another reason I enjoyed this book was because it had a female that always stood up for what she believed in and didn't care what anyone thought about it. I don't think it was fair that Tom Robinson got convicted because he was black.
"Atticus Finch is a lawyer in a racially divided Alabama town in the 1930s. He agrees to defend a young black man who is accused of raping a white woman. The story is toldthrough the eyes of  young girl, who is a feisty tomboy.  Scout sees things in differentviews of the situation and bases her decisions on what she thinks is right for Mr. TomRobinson (the accused). Scout is maturing and experiencing things in her lifetime. At thistime she is encountering the issue of racism which is throughout the entire town.  The town is out to get Tom Robinson, a black man who is charged with rape. She and herbrother Jem are upset with the guilty verdict and feel that his trust in the goodness and rationality of humanity has been betrayed.What I like about the book was that it represented and shows how racism is a strong emotion, which is still around today.What I didn't like was reading about the interpretation and views of the townspeople and how they viewed and perceived Tom Robinson."
"It is told form the perspective of a young lady daughter of a lawyer in the south around 1930.  He is called to defend a black man who is accused of raping a white young lady.  The fact that someone was black meant that the courts at that time would inevitably find them guilty of the crime, which would mean that the trial would be a joke.  Things could only get worse for this African- American man accused of the crime.  It is good to learn the struggle,  because it shows how bad certain people had it at a certain point in time."
"This book is one of the best I have ever read. The book takes place many moons ago in the southern states. This book keeps you on the edge of your seat with scene such as Shootings, Rape, and Segregation. The characters are young and full of ambhition, and very misgevious.Once you pick up this book you wont be able to put it down."
"Growing up, my mom was a high school English teacher. Every year I would hear her talk about 'To Kill A Mockingbird' and how wonderful of a book it was. I always thought she was saying 'Tequila Mockingbird', so I never really understood. It wasn't until my 7th grade year, when I was assigned to read this book, did I 1) realize how right my mother was and 2) what the actual name of the book was. I have to say, I was quite apprehensive to read it, due to the fact that the title seemed like the whole book was going to be about killing a mockingbird. I guess I judged a book by it's cover, which is mainly what this beautifully written book is about.Scout Finch (Jean Louise Finch was her birth name) is a young girl growing up with her older brother, Jem, and her lawyer-dad, Atticus. As the only girl around the house, besides their African American help, Calpurnia, Scout is an entergetic tomboy. With their new friend, Dill from Meridian, Mississippi, Jem and Scout go on many adventures, mainly including the town-mystery, Boo Radley.This book is not just about a young girl becoming a young lady, it's about her having to realize that not all of society is as understanding to change or different people as she and her family were. The case of Tom Robinson (an African American man accused of raping a white woman) had a huge effect on Scout's life.I don't want to give away too much of this book, so I believe I will stop there. All I can say is that Harper Lee, a friend of my grandfather, really hit the spot with this one. This has always been and will always continue to be my favorite book of all time."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a book written by Harper Lee.  The story is narrated by a girl named Jean Louise Finch, also known as Scout.  The Finch family lives in a town called Maycomb, Alabama during the Great Depression.  Scout's father Atticus is a lawyer in town.  In the story Atticus Finch has chosen to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a white woman.  This is a very serious crime in these times especially because Maycomb is a very racist town.  The Finch family knows that Robinson is innocent, but the tricky part is getting the rest of the town to believe it too. At the trial, Scout and her older brother Jem sit in the colored section of the court to prove that there is no difference between black people and white people.  The book is a very good book about racism during the Great Depression.  One family takes matters into their own hands to try and solve the nation's problem and let everyone know that everyone is equal.  The family encounters many problems because the rest of the community is not willing to listen to them.  The rest of the community feels that Atticus is wrong in choosing to defend this man. Another character in the book is Boo Radley.  Boo lives in a big, creepy house on the corner of the street and no one has ever seen him come out.  Throughout the book Scout and her brother, Jem, have many encounters with Boo.  While they still think he is really creepy, they also realize that he is a person just like you and me. This is one of my favorite books.  The book is narrated by Scout, a child.  I always admired the innocence of a child.  Scout looks at Robinson and doesn't see a black man but instead she sees a man who is being wrongly accused.  When she looks at Boo she see a normal man.  I think this is a book everyone should read.  So many times we judge people without getting to know them.  That is what the book is really about."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee is intense, sad, funny,yet a very good family book. Throughout the story Scout Finch is the narrator, and in a nutshell,the story is basically about Scout going from a girl to a women and the problems she encounters and the things she learns. But on a higher level the book is about the Finch's ( Scout, Jim, Atticus)who live in a small town where everybody is poor,and everybody knows everybody and their business. There are certain people in the town who everyone is scared of such as the Eweulls, and most of all the Radly's. During the story Scout and Jim have many adventures and they learn many things. For example, they learn about education,prejudice, family values, and learing to be tolerant of people's differences. But their biggest lesson was learned through the trial of Tom Robinson. So, if you a interested in hearing about Scout's journy from girlhood to womenhood, then this is the perfect book for you!"
"This book has left a mark in my head that I can't seem to get rid of. I read it as part of a class (it was a requirement) and I remember thinking ""This better not be about a bird 'cause otherwise I'm gonna get bored reading it.""...It wasn't...Instead I found a story of a little girl struggling with her thoughts, living with her father and little brother in a town were everything seemed big, but people were small minded. The fact that the way she grew up kept her grounded, I couldn't help but wonder how it would be like to be in her shoes for more that a minute. Growing up around boys myself I related to her and the way she thought. I remember thinking how innocent I used to be because I shared some of her thoughts when I was her age and even thought there's a huge difference between how people lived their lives then and how they live their lives now, I can honestly say that innocence will never change...I love this book and every time I read it I'm reminded of that..."
"The youngest of four children, Harper Lee was born in 1926 in Alabama. She won the Pulitzer Prize with ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" - her only novel - which was first published in 1960.The story is set in 1930s Maycomb, Alabama, and is told by Scout Finch. In it, she looks back to her childhood, between the ages of six and nine years. A lively, intelligent and fiercely loyal child, she has one older brother called Jem, whose main interest is football. Despite an age difference of nearly four years, the siblings are clearly very close. Their mother died when Scout was two and they have been brought up by their father, Atticus - who proves to be a man you can't help admiring. Calpurnia, their housekeeper, seems to have been a great help to Atticus in raising the children. At times, Scout seems to have seen her as something of an adversary, though they become much closer as time goes on. Among their neighbours are the mysterious Radleys - Mr. Arthur, better known as Boo Radley, hasn't been seen outside for many years. He has become something of a legend that inspires a certain amount of fear among the children. Another neighbour, Miss Maudie, is an entirely different proposition - a very likeable character, she proves to be a very good friend to the children and one of Maycomb's more admirable residents.Another of the children's friends in Chet Baker Harris, a boy from Mississippi who is better known as Dill. He spends his summer with his Aunt Rachel, another of Scout's neighbours. Dill is the driving force behind one of the book's major themes : the quest to make Boo Radley come outside. The other theme, however, is a lot more serious - it deals with a court case where a black man has been charged with raping a white woman, on very flimsy evidence. The attitude of many of the townsfolk to the man in question, and to the black community in general, confuse the children greatly. The consequences of these attitudes have a direct impact on the Finch family, given that Atticus has been appointed the defence attorney.I tend to be very suspicious of a book if it's referred to as a 'classic' - too many of those I've read (or been forced to read) have been far too tedious. ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", however, is what a classic should be - superbly written, with an excellent story and featuring characters you genuinely care about. Its screen adaptation is also widely regarded as a classic, leading to an Oscar for Gregory Peck, who played Atticus. Neither the book, nor the film, should be missed."
"Around 1962, when I was a little kid, my aunt read this book.  I saw the title and (in the self-righteous way only the very young have) pointed out how awful it was to have a book about killing mockingbirds.  I believe she commented that the book made that very point.Ten years later I read the book myself.  And have done so several times since.  Once I read it while I was traveling in Germany, and was touched all the more since it is such a quintessentially American book.  A striking juxtaposition to read about the rural south of the 1930's while staying in the modern Berlin of the 1990's.I grew up in the middle of California's San Joaquin valley - a flat expanse of fertile agricultural land.  We lived on the edge of the country-side with a cotton field bordering our backyard.  There were no sidewalks.  The summer days were hot and the heat carried over long into the evening.  And the kids of the neighborhood had a freedom to roam that would not be even considered today.  There was a house down the street that we were sure was inhabited by witches.  We braved it on Halloween, but threw away the candy lest it be tainted.Harper Lee portrayed childhood in such an adept way that the games, fantasies and structure of imagination the children built are as familiar to a California girl today as they are to a child in Alabama in the middle of the depression.  I could identify with everything those children did, thought and said.  It is through a child's eye that the far more serious subject matter of the book is related.So many things have stuck with me over the years.  Not just the central tragedy of Tom Robinson and the Ewell's. The familiarity of a school pageant.  The struggle to adapt to teachers who don't understand the cultural nuances of the class.  A heroic effort to overcome addiction as a matter of self and principle.  Sultry summer evenings.  Walking like an Egyptian.  The price one pays to learn and acquire values.  Trying to make Boo Radley come out.  Dill.  Calpurnia.  And, of course, Atticus.I was always sorry that Harper Lee didn't write more.  Then I realized that she didn't need to.  She'd written a perfect book."
"I think I'm the only person who didn't read this in high school. I don't know why, but I was expecting a boring, plodding story. To the contrary, this is a quick, fun, easy read. Telling the story through the innocent eyes of a young girl perfectly points out the corruption and backwards views in the small southern town without judging it. I also thought it was in some way encouraging to know that Lee wrote this one book, the classic it is, and nothing else."
"Have you ever read a book you just couldn't put down? Well, if you haven't already don't miss your chance.  Imagine racial problems in a small southern town while a young girl learns that people stick together and help each other.  To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a sensational book that describes a young southern girl growing up while her town is filled with racial problems.  If you like adventure or just love reading a great fiction story you will enjoy this book.  Would you risk being seen just to watch your father defend a man in court?  This situation and many more are the adventures in this story. In this book Scout Finch and her brother Jem go through many adventures while having trouble growing up. While Scout is getting grief about being a young lady from her relatives Jem is drawing farther apart from her while he grows older.  During these troubles Scout's father (who is a lawyer) is defending a man accused of committing a serious crime. The book is told with great word choice and language. All throughout the book the story is told with unique southern accents.  Such accents are ""No, suh"" or ""Lemme outa here. "" There is some profanity that occurs in parts of the book but the language helps you connect to the characters emotions.  Also the author uses great descriptive words that help you visualize what is happening in your head. Harper Lee wrote To Kill A Mockingbird in a way that makes the reader feel the same emotions as the character does.  For example when Scout was teased she became mad and angry at characters and so did I.  In other words when a character feels emotions such as sad, angry, or happy you will feel them too.  In addition to feeling emotions the reader will feel they are in the situation the characters are going through also. The reason I enjoyed this book so much is because I felt emotion, which is important to me when I read a book. When I read this book I was really touched with emotion.  I became angry at times when I read about all the racial problems this small southern town had.  I recommend To Kill A Mockingbird to all readers especially ones who like reading about adventure. So now take action and go to your school library, local library, or your local bookstore and get To Kill A Mockingbird. I highly advise you to read this book because it tells a great story that is very enjoyable.  To Kill A Mockingbird gets my two thumbs up.  This is a book you won't be able to put down!"
"I know some people are put off by ""classics"", but don't be put off by this one. It sucks you in right away. You'll love it."
"There does not seem to be much to add to this book's numerous, and well-deserved, accolades--so all that I will say is that this is a novel that has withstood the test of time.TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD became a classic because of the stories that author Harper Lee intertwined, and the morals that she imparted. The tale itself is complex and Lee's telling of this tale is graceful.One cannot call oneself a student of American fiction if one has not read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD."
"I have read the book before and love it! I don't really like the CD version though. The reader's fake southern accent makes it very hard to understand. I don't know why they didn't use a southerner to do the reading. When the reader pronounced ""pecan""""pee can"" rather that the ""pa cahn"" it made everything else less believable . I had to relisten to the first CD three times to get it. It's a ""duh"" thing but when a book is written about the south use ""real"" southerners for the audio book."
"I like this book a lot, not just for its themes of social justice, but also just for its characters.  Atticus is someone everyone should try to emulate, and I love Scout.The movie's awesome too."
"Somehow my education did not impose on me a reading of Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" although I saw the excellent movie based on it several times.  What a pleasure to discover, when finally picking up the book in my middle age, that the people who inhabit this book spring fully grown directly from the mind of Harper Lee herself, rather than just the actors in the film.Harper Lee has written not a single one-dimensional character, and has created a few of the best realized and strongest characters ever put into print: not just Atticus, Jem, and Scout Finch, but also the dignified Calpurnia, the eager Dill, the peaceful but ghostly Boo Radley, even the degraded and predatory Ewell family.  These characters jump off the page like in no other novel I can recall.  There is no doubt in my mind that these folks are as real as any of the people I see walking down the street, and I feel for Atticus in particular a similar sort of astonished respect as I do for my own father.If somehow the book itself has passed you by, or if (sadly) it was imposed on you for a class assignment when you were young, revisit it.  It's one of the best ever written."
"Okay, here's another reminder that ""classics"" become such for a reason. How I managed to get through school without reading this is a mystery, but the loss was very much mine. This book is a treasure. Set in the deep South in the 1930's, this book clearly describes both the extreme poverty and the prevalent racism of that period. Yet, this is a hopeful story that shows that even in the midst of these conditions, there are good people who will stand up for what is right. Well written, with terrific imagery, this book is both easy to read and gripping in its emotional content. The story is narrated from a child's point of view, and we witness her growing awareness of the racist issues dividing her community. Her loss of innocence is tempered by her respect for her father and his compassion. This book addresses important issues about compassion and fairness, and how they can be used to fight hatred. It shows that even in times and places of great prejudice, there can still exist individuals who can rise above these evils."
"It's hard to say glowing things about ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" that haven't already been said. Atticus is such a beloved character that people name their dogs after him. And I would have to concur that Atticus is one of my favorite characters in literature. Father to Jem and Scout and an upstanding, conscientious lawyer in a small, racist Southern town, Atticus proves throughout the novel how important it is to stand up for what is right. Jem and Scout take heed. I also adore the movie, and Elmer Bernstein's soundtrack is a must have."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a very good book. The storyline is great, so is the book. You will be hooked on this book. The Autor Harper Lee did a great job. This book couldn't be better. Fantastic!!!! You must get a copy in hardback because it's worth every penny."
"I taught this book to eighth graders seventeen times and never got sick of it. Why do I love this book? Let me count the ways: 1. The protagonist, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, is such a great character Demi Moore named one of her daughters after her. She's funny, smart, and she's got a stronger will than Catherine the Great. Atticus, Scout's father, is almost as compelling. He is willing to defend a black man accused of rape, despite living in racist, depression-era Maycomb, Alabama. 2. TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a great story we can all identify with. How many of us have known a weird neighbor who refuses to come out of the house? The first part of the book follows Scout and her brother Jem as they try to get a look at ""Boo"" Radley. The second half involves Tom Robinson's rape trial and its aftermath. 3. The book is simply teeming with great vignettes. Jem and Scout are ashamed of Atticus because he doesn't play football, until he shoots down a rabid dog with one shot. Miss Maudie Atkinson's house burns down. Jack, Atticus's brother, makes Scout laugh and is able to painlessly pull a sliver from her hand. The Footwashing Baptists come to town for the rape trial. There are dozens more. 4. The minor characters are simply wonderful. There are over a hundred (I know because I had my students count them). X-Billups has three sets of teeth. Aunt Alexandra tries to make Scout act like a lady. Cecil Jacobs gets into a fistfight with Scout. Dill, Jem and Scout's neighbor boy develops a crush on Scout and asks her to marry him. Calpurnia, Atticus's housekeeper, acts as a surrogate mother to the children. Bob Ewell rivals Simon Legree as a villain. They're all so real you'll want to visit Maycomb to see if they're still alive. Too bad it's a fictional town. 5. Many lessons are learned, the most important of which is ""Don't judge a book by its cover."" Mayella Ewell, who accuses Tom Robinson of rape, is actually a sympathetic character. The town's social structure condemns her to a life of drudgery and she grasps at straws. Mrs. Dubois, the old woman down the street from the Finches, who calls Atticus a racial slur, dies brave, refusing to take her medication because she wants to die clean. This book doesn't get enough credit; it's rarely listed as a masterpiece of the twentieth century. A masterpiece wouldn't be so easy to read. Certainly it's taught in just about every junior high in the country, but it wasn't written for teenagers. The book is a flashback, told by Scout as a grown woman; she uses New York Times' syntax, not S.E. Hinton's. Some of my students rented the movie instead of reading it page by page. Big mistake. Not only did they fail the test, but they failed themselves by missing out on the best book they'd ever read."
Only growing up in the south would enable Harper Lee to capture the vicious sweetness that pervails there.  Not only to capture it but then be able to transfer that on to the reader.  You can smell the sweetness of the talcum through the sticky of the hot summer days.  Sickly sweet.  The church group women are vicious in their sweetness.  Ardently praying for the savages in Africa while embracing the savage mores of the south.  And in the midst of all of this she tells one of the greatest coming of age stories ever written.  Fabulous.  One I read every summer.
"Everyone knows this story or should.  I'll get right to the point.  YOU MUST READ ""TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD""!!!  You simply must!"
"Thanks to readers' suggestions that I found on amazon.ca, I started to read this book and I finished it in about 4 days! It is an amazing book, well worth all the praises that it received. Everyone can read it (English is not my first language) and the characters are very touching. However, I was surprised to observe that the story was relatively ""soft"". I had read many other books about segregation and racial intolerance where aweful things happened, with many details, that maid me really cry. This book touched me deeply, without terrifying me as much as others did. The debate about more racial tolerance and humanity is still up-to-date in my point of view... This story could still apply in the 21st century, if we changed the setting and the characters. Sadly."
"THIS BOOK WAS VERY RELAXING...AND I LOVED IT.  IT HAD QUITE A PEACEFUL SETTING, DISTURBED BY THE HARSH REALITY OF RACISM, EVIL, AND PREJUDICE.  I LOVED HOW IT WAS TOLD FROM A CHILD'S POINT OF VIEW.  ALSO, HOW ALL THE EVENTS LEADING UP TO THE CONCLUSION REALLY SUMMED UP WHAT THE CHILD (SCOUT) LEARNED.  AT THE END, SHE LEARNED ABOUT COMPASSION, FAIRNESS, EQUALITY, AND KINDNESS.  EVERY SO OFTEN, THIS BOOK HAD SOME SURPRISES AND IT REALLY DISGUSTED ME HOW MUCH HATRED THAT HUMANS HAD.  I THOUGHT THE TITLE WAS EXCELLENT, AND THE ENDING WAS SPECTACULAR.  I QUITE LIKED THE BOOK BETTER THAN THE MOVIE.  I WOULD RECOMMEND THE OUTSIDERS AS WELL, AS IT IS ALSO ABOUT CONFLICT BETWEEN TWO DIFFERENT TYPES OF PEOPLE.  THE ENDING OF TKAM REALLY SUMMED UP THE STORY AMAZINGLY, AND THIS WAS ONE OF MY FAVOURITE NOVELS."
"As an Education major at West Virginia State University, I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in learning about themselves and others.  Although Lee's novel has appeared on many ""banned and challenged"" book lists, I find it should be an integral part of every child's education.  By exposing our children to racism and how to handle situations involved with racism, we are helping our children tremendously.  This is an excellent book!"
"I was forced to read this book in High School and they nearly killed it for me. It's hard to take single book and spend several weeks on it and drag out very niggly detail ad nausum. So I understand why all these high school students rate it so poorly. But recently I picked up my kids copy and re-read it. And lo and behold its full of life treasures. Treat your neighbors with respect and dignity. Color of your skin doesn't equate to your worth. On the otherhand the black folks described in this book are all hard working but poor good people, except for one slightly obnoxious person that the kids meet in church. Note though the story is told from the perspective of a young white middle class kid who would not have had much contact except through the help and so the characterizations all fit true to form.So read it for what it is, and when it was written and don't judge it by what you know now. In '61 life was still pretty segregated in the South and so this was a very radical book.For modern readers, Atticus role as a parent was decades ahead of its time. In the 00's you'll find fathers with this outlook but in the 60's it was very rare. One can explain this from the stoies perspective because Atticus wife's death forced him to change.Anyway I like this book a lot. It's right up there with Faulkner's Light in the Forest."
"This is probably the best and most poignant story about racism that I've ever read. It's mandatory reading for school kids, and rightly so. One of the best novels of the 20th century. It's a pity Harper Lee only wrote this one novel. Anyway, it's a tale about the sensational trial of a black man who is arrested for raping a white woman, but he's actually innocent of the crime. The whole thing is seen through the eyes of the white defense lawyer's daughter. Very compelling read.David Rehakauthor of ""Love and Madness"""
"I read this book shortly after it was was first published. I was a teenager and liked it well enough, but it made no great impression upon me. I was more moved by the film it inspired. Thirty years later I reread the book and was amazed at how much I missed, what a wonderfully subtle, understated, humorous, and hardbreakingly humane book this is! Even more astonishing to me was my retrospective realization that this book was decades ahead of its time. Its treatments of class, race, gender, sexual abuse of children, and religious hypocrisy embody a level of sophistication that, I suspect, those who lionized the book upon its publication did not fully understand. The film based upon the novel, for all its merit, fails in many respects to take seriously Lee's incisive treatment of these subjects -- indeed, it trivialized much of it. Harper Lee writes like a dream. She wastes almost no effort. Her desciptions of the town of Maycomb, Alabama (the fictitious location of the novel's plots and subplots), its folk and folklore are always engaging and well constructed. More important, they lay bare the hidden, ugly realities of history and class-structure that shape the life of the town. Like Mark Twain at his best, Harper Lee refuses to let her painful recognition of human ugliness in all its forms turn into bitterness. It is always tempered by her humor and humanity. True, she refuses to accept injustice and cruelty, especially those codified into the fabric of social life. Still, the wonder of this novel is the even more important refusal it embodies: the refusal to hate those whose blindness contributes to and perpetuates those forms of injustice and cruelty. Lee's decision to employ the innocent perspective of a bright, fiesty, motherless young girl helps to keep the novel's tone from being strident and accusatory. The author, in her wisdom, prefers to gently awaken her reader to a deeper appreciation of the difficulties and importance of acting decently in an imperfect world."
"If you're on this page you see the plot points. You see the raves. You maybe even know Dill is based on the young Truman Capote.TKAM is an American classic. The writing is from the point of view of an adult's childhood memory - chatty and imperfect but so dense and rich. It's sublime in style and execution. It's also filled with humor and compassion. You'll never read about another lawyer like Atticus Finch, that's for sure.TKAM is foisted on high schoolers for a good reason: It's great and every American should read it at some point. But it's a book that every American should read outside the classroom, too."
"How I missed this book in school is a mystery. Now, having read it, I proclaim Mockingbird as one of my favorites, ever. I found the story so moving and important, that I will insist my homeschooled son read Mockingbird, this summer."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD explores the injustice of racism in the small, sleepy town of Maycomb, Alabama.  Lee's novel is narrated through the eyes of 8 year-old wise-beyond-her-years Scout Finch, a keen and extraordinarily observant child.The horizons of TO KILL... don't end at the explorations and explanations of racism in the South.  Other themes include growing up and emotions involved, how people avoid what they do not understand, and friendships - how they evolve and blossom.  One of Scout's close friends is dimunitive Dill, a ""Beautiful Child"" contest winner (a.k.a. Charles Baker Harris) who visits Maycomb to stay with his aunt over the summers.  Compelled by mere curiosity, together, he and Scout plot to lure hermit and town bogeyman Boo Radley out into the open.  Peculiar myths and legends surround his very existence, courtesy of the gossip mongers of Maycomb.Lee demonstrates the true ugliness of racism. Racism, we see, is what causes a small Southern town to do a complete turn around.  Scout, with the innocent heart of a child, balances out the misunderstandings.  Atticus Finch, Scout's father, who is always known as ""Atticus,"" is chosen to represent a black man who supposedly raped Mayella Ewell, a white farmer's daughter.  This is truly what opens the reader's eyes to the evils of the town.  Despite this, Scout Finch still adamantly believes that people are essentially good overall, ""once you get to see them.""  Obviously, this isn't all true - Scout is mind-blowingly bright yet still exhibits realistic childlike qualities, her naivete being one of them.Atticus can truly be regarded for his extreme heroism.  Despite a cruel and uncaring town, he stood up for what he believed in, what he knew in his heart was right.  He's possesses great wisdom, a heart of gold, great understanding, and considerable kindness.  He treats his children, Jem and Scout, like they are mature adults.  This is probably one of the main reasons why Scout is so keenly and constantly aware of her surroundings, as well as a reason for her innate intellect.One of the best plot twists in TO KILL... involves a newfound hero that neither Jem and Scout, nor the reader, could have ever predicted would be so brazen and courageous.  Boo Radley is one of the novel's pivotal characters, yet he doesn't appear all that much in the story.  When Scout and company first discuss him and his myths, they speak of him as if he's some kind of hideous monster.  In reality, he is as kind and caring as Atticus and has just as much hero potential, which finally rises to the surface towards the end of the novel for the reader (and Harper's characters) to see.TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is laced with humor, yet it finds a comfortable balance between being both comedic and serious in the subject matter Harper chose to tackle.  It also manages to be sentimental and heartbreaking, yet never even comes close to being borderline mushy and overly sappy.  It's an inspirational tale regarded by generation after generation as a classic - a tale of respect for all human life in a society in which incessant misunderstandings are present within its people.  Look at the world we live in today.  Consider the mindset of various individuals and groups.  I ask you, what person can't relate to this enlightening, eye-opening book?"
I read this book when it first came out. It is a great novel. from cover to cover. Every reader should read this book. # 1
"What I love so much about this book is that Harper Lee presents it as a story you might hear your grandmother tell. She accomplishes this with such skillfull and poetic use of language, powerful character development, and the right blend of sadness and joy to satisfy the reader in the end.The title itself shows Lee's skill with words. The comparison of more than one character in the book to a mockingbird is touching. This is made poignant when you read Atticus' explanation of the title phrase and the echo of it by his daughter, ""Scout"", at the end of the book. Ms. Lee powerfully draws the line of good and evil with her vivid descriptions of the characters in Maycomb. And, just like life, there is not a purely sugary sweet happy ending. However, the ending is richly satisfying and moving.I was never assigned to read this book in high school or college, but I am so glad that I got around to it. Incidentally, the movie is just as good, with an excellent (oscar-winning, I believe) screenplay adaptation."
"For a book like this to have been written when it was, about and in the place it was, by a person of that timew and place, is nothing less than courageous. Harper Lee's beautiful story of redemption, love and humanity pre-cursors the works of Martin Luther King, and can be called one of the early, great influences that inspired the long-denied civil rights of African-Americans. Fantastic. As a writer, I am in awe of this kind of work, and acknowledge that I can read it, I can admire it, but I can never duplicate it.STEVEN TRAVERSAUTHOR OF ""BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN""STWRITES@AOL.COM"
"I selected ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" for our book club because it is such a wonderful story. I have read it several times (at least 10) since I was a teen-ager, but never had to read it for school, so I was anxious to discuss the story with others.Every time I read ""Mockingbird"" I learn something new about the characters - why they said and did certain things. Some of our book club discussion focused on Atticus as a parent. He is really not a great parent in the book. Important events in Scout's life (first day of school, Halloween pageant) are not attended by Atticus. The movie portrays him as a much better man.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" should be required reading for every American. It is hilarious, shocking, suspenseful and thought provoking."
"This book started rather slow for me. A lot of background. All the conversations amongst the kids was not necessary for me. I like how Scout tells the whole story, it really reads from a kids point of view. That was really creative. I think HarperLee was taking a stance on racial inequalities of this country. Readers would only listen to her speaking through a child. If Atticus had told the story, America wouldn't have been able to stomach how ugly life really is. Atticus is the strongest character in the book to me. This book was deep. I did enjoy it. If you haven't read it you've missed out."
"This book ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has two parts to it. The first part is about these kids wanting some guy named Boo Radley to come outside. The second part is about a case that Atticuss is doing. He's deffending a black a man.  I think this book wasn't good because it was boring. This book needed something more because after a while you will stop reading and not pick the book back up. This book needs action and mystery to it. It could be in the end of part one and two. The only people who would like this book is the people who like books with no action and mystery."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was an amazing book, and I loved it! It displayed the many hardships of growing up, as portrayed through the eyes of young Jem and Jean Louise, ""Scout"", Finch. From the beginning of the book we realizes that the Finches are among the intelligent and ""well-brought-up-folk"" in society, and with their name comes certain expectations. ""Scout"" is expected to act more like a lady and less like a tomboy. Jem is expected to act like a gentleman, and Atticus Finch, a lawyer and there father is expected to raise his children up to act like the lady and the gentlemen that they are. I could relate to many of these expectations, but the trails don't cease here in fact the above don't even scratch the surface, but you'll have to read to find out more. However, the main conflicts in this novel come about when Atticus begins representing a young black man Tom Robinson in court, and society turns against him in his pursuits due to Tom's race. In conclusion not only was I able to relate to this book; I also learned the lesson, which everyone should gather in a book filled with them: Prejudice and hatred toward people of a different race leads only to destruction, and the wound from such destruction is not easily mended. It leaves a scar that will last for lifetime, teaching the generations to come the importance of equality. So, if you're looking for an insightful novel packed with many side plots and interest I would definitely recommend To Kill a Mockingbird."
"In 1960 Harper Lee published To Kill A Mockingbird. About thrity years earlier William Faulkner had published the short story Dry September. ITS THE SAME STORY. To Kill A Mockingbird is not a bad book, its just simply not original (I won't say plagairized because I'm not sure that it is). Read Faulkner, particularly the short stories Dry Semptember, Barn Burning, and That Evening Sun Go Down and the novels Santuary, Light In August, and The Sound and The Fury. You get a much better look at the same time, place, and issues that Lee looks at, but you get it from the original source who happens to have been a much better writer."
"TO KILL A MOCKING BIRD- Harper LeeThis is a fiction book with. I liked the book, but it wasn't one of my favorites. I would recomend this book to people who have a lot of patience. You may have to reread some parts to fully understand it. What I liked about this book was the dialogue. It made it feel like you were actually there having a conversation with the characters. I also liked the plot of the story. It was how a black man was convicted for something that no one could prove he did. What I disliked was the detail that the author went into. It good to go into detail, but not so much were the reader has trouble understanding. I found it hard to find out what characters he was talking about sometimes. He may have introduced too many too soon. Overall I think this book is a good one. It you dont like it at first, give it a chance. You might like it after all!"
"Harper Lee's classic novel To Kill a Mocking Bird is about a family in a racially divided town of Alabama in 1932 that is going through harsh times.  The youngest Finch, Scout, is the main character and narrator of the story.  You see and feel the whole story through the eyes of the daughter of Atticus Finch, who is representing the accused Tom Robinson.  Tom Robinson, a crippled Negro, has been accused of the rape and abuse of young Mayella Ewell. Scout tells the story of her adventures with her brother Jem and their neighbors nephew Dill.  The three children were very frightened, but also curious about their other neighbors, the Radleys.  It was said that Boo Radley was crazy, stabbed his own father, and was chained up in the house.  Their adventures include a visit beyond the gate of the Radleys, putting on skits of what they thought was going on in the Radley home, and trying to stick a note on Boo's window to find any means of communication possible.  All along, the children were assuming that Boo was dangerous and crazy.  Little did they know, in the end he would be the one to save their lives. While the children were fascinating about Boo, Atticus was being criticized and even his children were being threatened, all because he was defending a black man.  Atticus was a smart man with strong beliefs, determined to set a good example for his children and the people in his community.  Tom was falsely charged guilty because, unfortunately, the community he lived in was still filled with racism.  Even though Atticus had promised Tom that he would find justice and bring fairness to the town, Tom's inability to trust Atticus's sure word led to a frantic panic, and then death. Both stories tie in together.  Atticus once said in the book that you never knew a person until you put on their shoes and walked around in them a little bit.  The children were judging Boo Radley without having ever seen him before, and definitely never got to know him at all.  Tom Robinson was being judged by the jury and town because he was black.  Nobody knew who he was, and just stereotyped him to be a bad, scary man who raped and abused Mayella, even if he did have a cripple left hand."
"To Kill A Mockingbird epitomizes all that is valuable to mankind. Through the simple, innocent eyes of children, we see triumph of good over evil played out in a small town. Scout's father, Atticus, told her it is a sin to kill a mockingbird, for they only make music and harm no one. Two innocents, played a role in demonstating this fact: a black man, falsely accused and a mentally ill man by the name of Boo Radley, who does an amazing thing as the subplots unfold, within the major plot. There are several humanistic morals to this story, as Atticus Finch sets an example as a good father and defender of the innocents. To Kill a Mockingbird is not only fascinating reading for all ages, but holds moral lessons that never die for humanity, for all time."
"I liked the book because it dealt with racism.  Even though it was set in the 1930's, racism still exists in the 21st century.  It may never fade away-there are still many prejudiced people."
"Harper Lee's timeless classic about a man in a racially divided town in 1932 trying to raise his two children while preparing his defense of a black man wrongly accused of rape was turned into the motion picture of the same name that won Gregory Peck (who immortalized the role of Atticus Finch, the lawyer/father) the Oscar for Best Actor in 1962. This book accurately explores the racial issues that were rampant at the time that the novel was set and that the book was written in 1960. It won the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and Universal Pictures adapted it into the movie we all know and love the following year. Harper Lee herself gave the movie the go-ahead and was well-pleased when it was released in December, 1962. Though this is more a review about the movie, I relate better to the film because it condensed the novel very effectively. Not since ""Gone With The Wind"" (also turned into a classic motion picture in 1939, winning 10 well-earned Oscars) and ""Uncle Tom's Cabin"" (I don't know of any existing film version, but if somebody does think of it, for the love of God, do it well), has a novel come out of the South and recieved world-wide acclaim. The book is rated PG for thematic elements and some racial dialogue, including some language. The film is Not Rated."
"This controversial book, published in the 1940s, is about a black man brought to trial under the crime of raping a white woman. The setting is in a small town in Alabama called Maycomb County. The main characters are Atticus Finch, a lawyer, Jean Louise (Scout) Finch, and Jem Finch.  Scout and Jem , Atticus's two young children, start out as ages 6 and 10 at the beginning of the book, slowly growing older as the book progresses. In the first half, Jem, Scout and their friend Dill have small adventures during the summers when Dill visits. Dill has a fascination with Boo Radley, a neighbor of the Finch's. He lives in a house with his brother and never comes out, to the town's knowledge. The trio tries several times to make him come outside with no success. Eventually they move on to other things. In the middle of the book, the trial comes around and Atticus Finch is selected to defend Tom Robinson, the accused black man. Scout learns what a ""n_____-lover"" is after repeatedly hearing herself and her father called one. The first time a young boy calls her a n_____-lover at school, she promptly starts a fight with him, even though she hadn't known  the definition of it yet. After a stern lecture from her father, she promises not to fight with anyone ever again. She breaks that promise when she goes to her aunt's house on Thanksgiving and is taunted by her second cousin. Atticus faces problems around town before the trial. Mobs seek to hurt him while Atticus is guarding Tom's jail cell door late at night. The group of angry men recede after Scout, Jem and Dill come running up to Atticus and Scout has a friendly, somewhat one-sided converation with Mr. Cunningham, one of the men in the mob. I enjoyed this book because it portrayed the image of what the black people had to go through in the South, even after the Civil War and slavery had long passed. They were always second-rate and treated very poorly. I would recommend this book to any middle school to high school student."
"To Kill a MockingbirdHarper Lee Scout remembered her father saying, ""You never really know a man until you stand in his shoes and walk around in them.""  At the end of the novel she says, ""Just standing on the Radley porch was enough."" To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic novel about growing up and the loss of childhood innocence.  One of the major themes of the novel revolves around the meaning of courage.  Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch is growing up in the 1930's in a small Alabama town.  Her single father, Atticus, is a well-respected attorney.  Readers are taken through a period of three years in the lives of the children and their neighbors. A fire, a rabid dog and stories of Boo Radley fill the otherwise slow days of Scout, Jem and their friend, Dill.  The children are focused mostly on Boo and trying to catch a glimpse of him. Atticus is annoyed with their fascination with Boo, but finds himself in the middle of a rape trial which will challenge the soul of the town.  Tom Robinson, a black man, is accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a white woman. As the children watch their father take a stand, they learn lessons which can only be taught by example. This is a powerful story of growing up.  It is easy to be drawn into the book as it explores the message of true courage and standing up for what you believe. I recommend this book to all.BIBLIO: October 11, 1998, Warner Books; Reissue edition, Middle-High School, $ 6.99REVIEWER: Katie GordonFORMAT: NovelISBN: 0446310786"
"I thought this book was a really good book, considering this is the second book that I ever finished reading in my life.  This book talks about how strong people feel about racism back in the days, and it is still strong today, but the only difference is that back then people was racist to African Americans, but nowadays there's racism toward Whites, Blacks, Asians, Arabs, etc.  That's what I like about this book, it is talking about something that existed back then that is still existing today, so we can see how Jem and Scout is feeling when an innocent man is pleaded guilty and guilty man is free.  This also shows how 2 kids perspective on African American people could change in one event.  I could relate to this because I use to think African American people were bad since the movies and shows portrayed them as bad people, but when I met my first black friend in middle school my whole perspective on African American people changed. I recommend this book to anybody who is interested in seeing how 2 kids could change their whole perspective about racism in one event.  They knew that other humans are treating a human being the wrong way just because of their skin color.  I think this book could relate to anybody because everybody meets another person who is not their own race before and probably treated them the wrong way because they were different, but after a while their attitude towards them changed because they were able to get to know them, and realize that they are not really that different from each other."
"The book, To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee, had primarily involved a lesson in racism and society reaction towards it. The book surrounds itself towards a society that has different opinions concerns people of different classes and races maybe because the story surrounds itself in the south.  The novel describes a family named Finch, which is lead by a father Atticus who tries to teach his children the right way to think. The daughter and son, Scout and Jem, are basically children born to learn through a society that doesn't seem too kindly towards African Americans. It shows the life of Scout from her friends like Boo Radley, which describes his home almost as a Haunted House, to her days in school with a teacher who has a negative attitude towards her. The teacher basically believes that she is almost like a showoff and that her learning is a sort of a distraction towards the class. This sense leads to a trial that deals with a case involving Atticus Finch. It basically shows a black man named Tom Robinson who was accused of raping a girl named Mayaella Ewell. Even though in some parts of the trial where Mr. Robinson was known to be innocent, the white panel named the man guilty. The ending shows a situation where even under certain situations; a black man cannot be victories under white power.I believe this book a gives a good piece of information on just how the lifestyle is in the south or a white dominated society. The people seem to be lacking equality and don't really tend to have a sense of pity towards Africans. The people avoid interpersonal communication, which is necessary in a development of a society. This communication basically gives equality to all classes by providing conversations to each person.  If every is talked to and involved equality then racism and class difference wouldn't need to be a major problem in the southern society. Some of my favorite parts would have to be when they imagine the Radley's house as mysterious and frightening. Especially when the children were spying on the Radley's and they arrived at there house in fear while Jem forgot that he left his pants on the fence. Another scene which is more touching than funny is when they execute Tom Robinson. A person could almost feel the pain of Atticus Finch when he feels that he has died and all the work he has done to help the man went to waste. This book touches a person in many levels and explores many different controversial subjects by describing it in a situation of a Lawyer and his family. I believe people who are interested in a book who like adventures, drama, and comedy while being told a lesson on racism should read it."
"I have been reading some of the so-called 'American Classics' and this is one of the few that is actually a great story.  Harper Lee did a great job of developing the main characters and tying in different sub-plots into the main plot.  It was also interesting to read about the southern culture in the 1930's.  The author did a great job painting a picture in the minds of ther readers.  And, of course, there was a positive message about race coming from Atticus and his two children."
"A true classic, this is one of the best books I have ever read in my life. A very moving and touching piece of work. I've never seen the movie, but I wish I did. I hear that the movie is counted as a classic, too. Only a truly invincible title can be excellent as a movie AND a novel."
"Rarely am I facinated by court stories. They usually bore me and I can never follow them. But with this story, you got so familiar with all the characters that you can't help but get sucked into the story and pay cloes attention. This book made me nervous, made me scared, upset, most everything. It's one of the best classic books I've ever read."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a true classic for children and adults alike. I have read this book for school twice, and both times I absolutely loved it. I wish that people could have been treated better back in the 30's, especially African Americans. It's hard for me to say which character was my favorite in the book because I liked all of them. I think that Harper Lee did a good job with Robert Ewell, the drunkard and the accuser of Tom Robinson. There is a lot of symbolism in the book. There is even symbolism in the title itself. The main characters are the Finches; Tom Robinson is accused of raping Mayella Ewell, the daughter of Bob Ewell. Atticus Finch, a respected lawyer in town, is asked by the sherriff to defend Tom in the trial. If you want to find out what happens throughout the book, I strongly suggest that you curl up on your couch and start to read To Kill a Mockingbird."
"I see that this book hasn't been rated since 2002, man I hope someone will read this rating. I thought the book to be interesting and thoughful. Maybe I missed something in the reading but It wasn't as grand as it was hyped up to be it was just an okay book. The movie version was better."
"The novel "" To Kill a Mockingbird "" by Harper Lee is about a girl called Scout. She grows up in this novel in the 1930`s. Her father Atticus is a widowed lawyer and defends the Afrian American Tom Robinson. Scouts brother is called Jem. Their cook Calpurnia is a black women. She is like a mother for Scout. Scout and Jem are very modern educated. Atticus teaches them to treat everybody equally. He is a very important model for both.To my mind the first chapters are very boring and difficult to read, because Harper Lee tells too much about the children Scout, Jem and their friend Dill. Even the account of the citizens and their relationship could be shorter.Wighing the pros and cons one comes to the conclusion that this book informes the reader very well about the situation in America in the 1930`s. It tells a lot about the society and the living at this time."
"Harper Lee`s novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" plays in the South of America in the 1930`s and shows how two young kids grow up in a time whwn people were full ofv prejudices and racism. In Maycomb, the hometown of the siblings Jean Louise and Jem Finch, black people are the scapegoats for everything going wrong in town. Through the eyes of these two children the readers get to know how difficult it is for their father Atticus, a lawyer, to defend a Negro who should have raped a white girl. But what is the weight of a Negro`s word against those of a white man?The book is really worth reading because of its point of view through the eyes of a little girl who sees the problem of racism in her true and naive way."
"Harper Lee`s novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a good one. It is about how people deal with major issues of racism during the segregation period. The story takes place in Maycomb, Alabama (south of the USA). Atticus Finch, a lawyer ,has to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a young white girl. Atticus`s children struggle with other children at school, because their father is defending this  black man. Atticus has also a problem with the society in Maycomb because the white people can`t accept that a white defends a negro. During the trial Tom Robinson is ..... If you want to get more information you will have to read this fantastic novel."
"The novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee is about the narrator Scout who grows up. She lives with her father, her brother und the family's cook Calpurnia in a little town called Maycomb in the southern states of the USA. Her father Atticus is a lawyer who defends Tom Robinson, a black man, who is accused of having raped a white girl.Atticus tries to show his children the importance of equality and honesty. For him all men are equal and that is why he defends Tom Robinson to give him a fair trial.A negative aspect of this novel is the describtion of the first part where Scout and Jem try to understand the living conditions of a mysteric man in the neighbourhood.But on the whole the novel is well-done because it informs the reader about the situation in the south of America in the 1930's. The society and its way of life are described very interstingly. People are very conservative and have many prejudices against blacks. For them money and reputation are more important than one's character. So the great injustfice of this time becomes clear."
"The novel ""To kill a mockingbird"" by Harper Lee is about the narrator Scout who is a little girl and grows up in this novel. she lives with her father Atticus, her brother Jem and their cook Calpurnia in a little town called Maycomb.Atticus is a lawyer who defends Tom Robinson, a black man who is accused of raping a white girl. Equality and honesty are very important for Atticus and he teaches his children to live according to his principles.At the beginning of the novel the author tells too much about Scout, Jem and her friend Dill who bother the mystery man next door. The author also write too much about the citizens in Maycomb, especially about Scout neighbours.The society has many prejudices against blacks and the great injustice is shown during the trial of Tom Robinson.All in all it is an interesting book because the reader is well informed about the situation in the Southern States of America in the 1930s and the society and their way of life at that time."
"Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a coming-of-age story told through Scout (Jean Louise)'s young eyes. She lives in Alabama with her 13-year-old brother, Jem, and her father, Atticus. Jem and Scout spend their summers playing with their friend, Dill, and trying to be brave enough to get Boo Radley, their odd neighbor, to come out of his house - they have never even seen the man. The following fall, Atticus, who is a lawyer, takes on a case defending a black man, Tom Robinson, accused of raping a white woman, Mayella Ewell. During everything taking place before the trial, Atticus tries to teach his children about true courage and not to judge anyone else until they've walked a day in the other person's shoes.I would give To Kill a Mockingbird an 8 out of 10 because although it is an easy book to read and is pretty short, it's packed full of characters that, although they are basically good people at heart, are constantly being challenged to show their goodness to their neighbors, whether they be black or white. This story challenges the reader to rethink prejudices and judgments that adults so easily pass on others and instead view everyone with the innocent eyes of a child."
"To kill a mocking bird BY Harper LeeBY Muireann CostiganThis exciting story is set in Maycomb, Alabama in the mid 1930's. The story follows the events of an 8-year-old tomboy living in this time. Her name is Scout (jean Louise) Finch: she tells the story as it is. She lives with her brother Jem and the man of the book, who both scout and Jem look up to, their father Atticus Finch `a widowed lawyer'. Scouts curiosity brings out the best of her when she meets up with summer friend Dill who stays in Maycomb with hi aunt. Together they try to make contact with the `true' man of the book. The story also follows the trial of a Negro man accused of a crime, which shocks the whole town. The citizens are further appalled when the news is released that the well-respected Atticus Finch is to defend the Negro's case. The situation can only get worse when scout and Jem receive a visit from their aunt. Page after page of unending excitement, along with the depiction of the growing maturity of a young girl ,this book offers a lot to a person in need of a good read."
"My Review on To Kill A MockingbirdI am fifteen years of age and I read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee as part of my English course. When my English teacher first gave us this title, I must admit I was far from delighted. I was not very optimistic because "" To Kill A Mockingbird"" was completely different to the type of book I would usually read. At the library I used to quite happily breeze past the shelf crammed with classic novels such as these, on to my preferred light hearted teen books about romance etc... However after reading this novel I can gladly say I have been completely converted. The novel, which I had thought would be dull and boring, has become one of my favourites. My opinion of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has changed entirely and I have nothing but absolute respect for its author Harper Lee. The story of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" takes place in the small close-knit town of Maycomb, Alabama during the 1930's, a time when Negroes were still segregated from white people. It was also the same time as the ""Great Depression"". The story is narrated by the truly, loveable character, of Scout Finch, who is only six years of age when we first meet her. The story begins quite slowly, telling us how Scout, Jem (her brother) and Dill (their friend) spend the summer before Scout starts school and the different attics they get up to, such as their unsuccessful efforts to get the neighbourhood recluse, ""Boo"" Radley to come out of his house. When school starts Scout finds herself getting into trouble very often and she is even given out to by her teacher for being able to read and write!! The story up till this point has been fairly light-hearted and even humorous. Suddenly, the novel changes and increases in its dept, dealing with serious issues such as racism, prejudice and violence. Scout and Jem's father Atticus, a lawyer in the town is asked to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a white woman, Mayella Ewell. Scout and Jem have to deal with many crude and disapproving remarks about their father from their classmates and the people of Maycomb. The children are forced to mature quickly and they begin to see the true colours of their neighbours, who up till now, Scout and Jem had thought were the best kind of people in the world. They start to see that the people of Maycomb are deeply racist, prejudiced and hypocritical. The children also develop a newfound respect for their father when they see his bravery and moral courage to do the right and just thing. This fine novel is truly captivating and a masterpiece of writing. The author cleverly uses the innocence and curiosity of a small child to tell this story. Through Scout's young eyes we see what she sees and hear what she thinks. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is so compelling; I just couldn't put it down! I kept finding myself turning the page to see what was going to happen next. I would recommend ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" to men and women, boys and girls, both young and old. I would definitely give this novel the ""Big Thumbs Up"" and the most possible ""Stars"" any review could give! I don't think I can say much more about this book to persuade you to read it, but let me just say I promise you will not be disappointed.  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" really is a timeless classic that you will be truly proud to see sitting on your bookshelf, among your collection years form now!!Enjoy! * ("",) *Gill Moore"
"To Kill A Mocking Bird.By Harper Lee.This is my report of To Kill A Mocking Bird by Harper Lee. This book is set in Maycomb County, Alabama, in 1930. It tells us the life of two young children and their friend over three hard years, while their father is always working hard as a lawyer and defending a black man on trial. This trial is about a black man being accused of raping a white woman.  I thought the characters in this book were brilliant. Scout was an eight-year-old girl. She was a tomboy but cared greatly for her family. Jem was her ten-year-old brother. He took care of Scout and always looked out for her and their father. He also wanted to be a lawyer like his father. Atticus was their father and he was a lawyer defending Tom Robinson, as he was being accused of raping Mayella Ewell. Dill was a summer friend of Scout and Jems. Boo Radley was a frightening neighbour and everybody was curious to know more about him.  The main theme of this book is racism because Tom Robinson is a black man being accused of raping a white girl Mayella Ewell.I would definitely recommend this book to others because I thought it was really good.This book would be for young people and I am sure they would enjoy it too.  By Sarah Creenane."
"To kill a Mocking-BirdPossibly the best read of all time  By Katie Connor,DublinThis critically acclaimed novel by Harper Lee is a rare wonder as it held my full attention from beginning to end. The very fact that one can say that justifies its excellence.Set in Maycomb County, Alabama, in 1930, this story tells us the truth behind the Mockingbird through the youthful eyes of Scout Finch. Scout is the sister of Jem and a strong friend to Dill. Jem is an ambitious moody 10 year old with hopes of one day becoming a lawyer like his father. Dill, or Charles Baker Harris as he is formally known, is from Meridian and stays with his Aunt Rachel for the summer. Together these three terrorise the reclusive neighbour Boo Radley.Boo is the haunting neighbour to the Finches. Locked away due to `unspeakable crimes against society', Boo hasn't been seen for almost 15 years. Will Scout, Jem and Dill unlock the mystery that is Boo Radley and see the ghostly phantom that learks in their imaginations?During a time of segregation between the white majority and black minority, Atticus Finch, father of Jem and Scout, defends a black man-Tom Robinson. Atticus is a 50-year-old white lawyer who defends Tom Robinson. Tom has been accused of raping a white woman-Ms Mayella Ewell-by her drunken father-Bob Ewell.Will he be found guilty?For a book that was written years ago, its main themes will always be modern. One in particular is racism and is extremely common in today'sSociety. I can safely say I found no faults with this book. It was absolutely fantastic. I definitely advise you to read it! I also recommend you see the motion picture `To kill a Mocking bird' starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. Both are moving, both are captivating and both deserve your utmost attention!!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee  Book Review by Aideen Farrelly-Dublin, IrelandIn normal circumstances, the books we are required to read in school are boring, dull, old-fashioned and impossible to relate with. `To Kill a Mockingbird' however is the complete opposite to everything I have just mentioned.Despite being set in the 1930's, this classic novel's words, morals and humour are still completely relevant today.The small town of Maycomb, Alabama, is home to a host of wonderful characters. We are told the story by Scout, a six-year-old tomboy struggling to understand `grown-up' attitudes, while staying true to her overalls and troublesome streak.Her father, Atticus, is my personal favourite character. Atticus Finch is a widowed lawyer who decides to take on the case of Tom Robinson-A black man charged with the rape of a white girl, Mayella Ewell. The story, of course, is set during the time of segregation in America so Atticus' decision cause uproar in the extremely racist and prejudiced town.Scout's 10-year-old brother Jem, is also a main character in the book. We learn of his aspirations to be a lawyer like his Dad. We view through his sister's eyes how he matures and grows during the time of the trial.Some more memorable characters are Calpurnia, the Finch Family's black housemaid, who is really more like a member of the family. Aunt Alexandra, Atticus' sister, who comes to stay to `fix' the family with her prude ideas and change Scout into a young woman. Dill, the nephew of the Finch's neighbour, Miss. Rachel, who comes to stay during the summer.  Mrs. Dubose, a dying old woman addicted to morphine determined to die clean. She backs up the strong theme of courage that runs throughout the book.Also Boo Radley. Boo is always on the children's minds, whether it is because something out of the ordinary has happened or they're just trying to catch a glimpse of him as he hasn't left his house in 15 years. Boo has a big impact on the plot of the book.This book is suitable for anyone who is capable of being completely captivated by an amazingly compelling read.I would completely recommend this book. This is because of everything I have mentioned. Its characters, the story, the lessons that can be learned from it, everything!Whether it's just to see what you're missing out on, for school or just to find out what all the fuss is about, read To Kill a Mockingbird. I promise that you will not be disappointed!Definitely 5 stars!!!"
"To Kill A Mocking BirdSet in the small town of Maycomb Alabama, To Kill A Mocking bird explains 3 years in the life of 8-year old Scout Finch, her brother Jem and their father, Atticus. In this novel, Harper Lee decides to tell the story through the eyes of the 8-year old Scout Finch.  The book starts off when Jem breaks his arm, then Scout thinks back on her childhood, and the story is told.  This book is about Atticus being asked to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, after being accused of raping a white girl Mayella ewell. Atticus defends Mr. Tom Robinson in the trial. It is a very exciting trial, and Tom Robinson's life depends on the jury's decision. In the end it all comes down to your race. Even though Mayella Ewells is ""trailer trash"" Tom Robinson is still black.  I would say that this is one of the best novels to read and that any age group should sit down, take a read and enjoy the novel. ("",)"
"To kill a mocking BirdTo kill a mocking bird is set in the small town of Maycomb Alabama , during the depression. This novel follows three years in the life of 8 year old Scout Finch,her brother Jem and their Father Atticus .These three years are punctuated by the arrest and eventual trial of a young black man accused of raping a white woman.  Harper Lee has done an excellent job in bringing this 1930s Alabama childhood to life. I can understand and find interesting info concering this book.  I thought this book was interesting because in each chapter it keeps you guessing. When your reading this novel .You don't know what is going to happen next.This is why Ifind this book interesting.  I think this books audience .Would appeal to people who like a good interesting story line. This book would appeal to men and woman . Even teenagers would enjoy this novel.  By AMANDA FLOOD"
"I read this when it first was published and many times since.  The story is timeless.  The themes are as current as the day they were written.Three scenes stand out:  Atticus shooting the rabid dog, Scout being told to rise by the black people in the balcony of the courtroom because her father is ""passin'"", and Boo Radley standing in the bedroom after Jem and Scout were attacked on the way home from the school paegent.If this is not ""the great American novel"" it is certainly a contender.  Of the ton of books I have read in the last 50 years, this is the best."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is too beautiful for words. Harper Lee showed how racism is something that not only affects the minorities of the world. The reasoning behind why people are the way they are are amazingly portrayed. Finally a book that show the beauty of people and the digust in the world. The characters are simple yet powerful. They are the type of people one strives to become. Atticus , a man, willing to go againist the crowd and still love those who hate him. Boo Radley a man with a mind of his own, seperates from the sinful world, yet is there to him his fellow man. Tom Robinson helping a woman to be nice and earnest was killed for his goodness. Jem a boy who was a protector and smart. Scout a independent girl with a spunking attitude and an all around Americn feel. I admire to be like some of the character in the novel. Mostly I say quit the book you are reading and pick up this amazing book that is in a league of it's own."
"Harper Lee published a book about racism seen from a child`s view.The story takes place in a southern state of the USA in the 1930's. The novel is about a man called Atticus Finch, a lawyer, who lives in a small town and who is considered to be well off.He lives there with his daughter called Scout, his son Jem and their cook Calpurnia, who is black.Atticus doesn't see any place for prejudice of any kind.He is called to defend the black man Tom Robinson who is accused of raping a white girl.He knew this case would be difficult to win and could totally change his life.The story seems to focus on the representation of the mockingbird as a symbol of innocence.Atticus was portrayed as a man who thought compassion and honesty to his children.He brings himself and his children into a dangerous situation by defending a black man, but he is convinced that it is very important to show the residents of Maycomb that Tom is innocent and that they are stupid not to believe him.To my mind This novel is really worth reading because this theme is present everyime."
"WHAT YOU MIGHT THINK ABOUT THE BOOK BEFORE READING IT""To Kill a Mockingbird"" - the title of this book well-known and spread over nearly the whole world sounds unspectacular, perhaps even not very sympathic because including the two words ""kill"" and ""Mockingbird"", what, when having this words connected in that way, sounds as if the book was about killing some birds. That, of course, isn't the most-liked topic of many readers.And even if you knew what the book was about, you wouldn't just buy or read it. We all know the theme the book deals with is an old theme. A theme that has been covered in many books before, in many films before: The book covers a dark - litterally dark -chapter of American history: The fight Black aainst White. Nothing new, in so far.REALITYYou might think so. But: Reality runs another way. The book is only great. I don't really know to describe why, but you can surely call it ""history alive !!!"" It's not an ordinary history-book as you can get them on each corner, in different layouts and written by different authors, but with the same content again and again and again and....This book is a story-telling book, but besides it informates. Not many authors get this contrasts together, Harper Jane Lee does. My problem is that I don't know why. Perhaps there are this great characters of Scout and the family, this Atticus-Finch-character, a character we would like to find in some of our politicians sometimes. But there can't be only the characters making this book so great.Maybe there is this town of Maycomb: Harper Lee creates a whole town with all it's problems and advantages, with houses and many citizens that, even if they only appear for a short time, are described so detailled that they seem to live.READ IT!At all, I just can say the book made me angry. It didn't make me angry because it was bad, it was very good, but during reading it, I had to change my mind - and I don't like being forced to cange my mind. At the beginning I thought ""Oh no, again a book about blacks and whites"" but it is more than that, it's nearly, oh, nonsense, it IS a perfect book. But you have to read it because to understand why, I at least am not able to describe the reason in a proper way. So: READ IT !!!!"
"Harper Lee published a book about racism seen from a child`s view.The story takes place in a southern state of the USA in the 1930's. The novel is about a man called Atticus Finch, a lawyer, who lives in a small town and who is considered to be well off.He lives there with his daughter called Scout, his son Jem and their cook Calpurnia, who is black.Atticus doesn't see any place for prejudice of any kind.He is called to defend the black man Tom Robinson who is accused of raping a white girl.He knew this case would be difficult to win and could totally change his life.The story seems to focus on the representation of the mockingbird as a symbol of innocence.Atticus was portrayed as a man who thought compassion and honesty to his children.He brings himself and his children into a dangerous situation by defending a black man, but he is convinced that it is very important to show the residents of Maycomb that Tom is innocent and that they are stupid not to believe him.To my mind This novel is really worth reading because this theme is present everyime."
"By reading Harper Lee's over 30.000.000 sold novel, which also won the Pulizer Prize, the reader can explore the prejudices against the unknown and the racism of a province in the 1930`s trough the eyes of the young girl Scout, a laywyer's daughter. Scout and her brother Jem are frightened of Boo Radley, who isn't known by the people in Maycomb, although there are a lot of rumors about him. The lawyer Atticus Finch defends the afro-american man Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping the poor white girl Mayella Ewells.This book fascinates me, because it shows the racism and hate of this world from another perspective than the most other novels do. It shows that it is wrong to judge people only because they are different from you."
"Harper Lee's novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", awardedwith the Pulitzer Prize, is about a young girl called Scout growing  up. Her father, a lawyer, defends an Afro-American in court. The name of  her fathers client is Tom Robinson, hwo is charged with the rape of a white girl. Maycomb's society does not believe in Tom's innocence, but Scout's Father is fighting for justice. This novel shows the irrationalityof adult opinions about social classes and racial diffrences in the Bible Belt of the thirties.It's a very authentic novel by a very talented author with such a lovely sense of humour. An absolutely must"
"The novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" takes place in Maycomb, Alabama, in the 1930's. The whole story is told by a little girl called Scout who tells her growing-up and what happened in that time. The novel is about different ""Mockingbirds"", for example Boo Radley who is locked in the Radley's house and is a kind of monster or scapegoat for the people. The children invent stories about him, but later he saves their lifes. Another Mockingbird is Tom Robinson, a black man who is accused of having raped a white girl. He is innocent but the jury sentence him to death. He dies while trying to escape from prison. Atticus, the father of Scout, defends Tom Robinson, so he is also a Mockingbird because the society is against black people and attacks him and his family.The first part of the book is very boring but interesting for people who are interested in society and people with their problems. I had to force myself to read the first part because I am not very interested in every detail of the society and the black-white contrast. The first part is necessary for the second part, but it could have been shorter.The second part is very exciting and interesting because the trial and threats and so on are described. People who are interested in dective stories will like the second part most.The novel itself is narrated very well and detailed, so you can identify with Scout. Besides, it is very interesting to see how Scout and Jem get older and how their relationship becomes different."
"The novel ""TO Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee is a drama that takes place in a southern state of the USA, Alabama, in the 1930's. The protagonist and also the narrator is a young girl named Scout. Her brother Jem also belongs to the round characters because he plays an important role throughout the story and he is the one Scout starts to talk about at the beginning of the novel.The two children develop during the story. They learn about the coexistence of good and evil, justice and injustice. They have to experience that not all principles Atticuc has taught them as acceptance and tolerance is followed by all people in town.Living according to Atticus's advice ""putting oneself in one's shoes"" Scout and jem discover that sometimes you have to change your opinion about a person when you get to know this person, for example the fact that Arthur ""Boo"" Radley is not the dangerous monster but a man who rescues two children.In my view it was an intersting and detailed written novel. Especially the chapters where Atticus defends the innocent black man Tom Robinson are very exiting. I think it is good to tell teh story by a first-person narrator because you learn about the feelings and emotions. Another aspect of this is that you can also see the changes in the narrotor's behaviour because he is part of the story."
"The siblings Jean Louise, called Scout, and Jem Finch grow up in the south states of America during the 30`s in a society with blacks and poor families. In the small town Maycomb where they live, blacks are made scapegoats for everything going wrong there. When their father Atticus , a lawyer, has to defend the black man Tom Robinson, who should have raped a white farmer`s girl Jem and Scout are confronted with hate and prejudices of many white people in Maycomb. During their father`s case they become older and they begin to understand a lot of things. Jem and Scout learn many things and behaviours from their father but the most important thing they learn is that you never really know a man until you stand in his shoes and walk around in them.The book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" shows racism in the southern states of America. Through Scout`s eyes and her point of view the reader gets to know how the society was during the 30`s. This book is really worth reading."
"The story of the book ""To kill a mockingbird"" is told by the maincharacter Scout Finch. Her father is a lawyer who defends a black who is accused of raping a white girl.There's just one big problem: Nearly the whole town is full of racism and treats blacks unfairly.You do not really know what to expect when reading the titel ""To kill a mockingbird"". What you may associate with this titel is death, murder etc. It's not wrong. Harper Lee's novel is about racism in the 1950's.This has always been a striking topic throughout American History. Therefore it often has been presented in many films and other books. But to kill a mockingbird is one of the most interesting ones;- many exciting conflicts and events between ethic groups-detailed presentation of persons etc.But the best is to get your own imagination by reading this novel!"
"The novel ""To kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee is about a young girl Scout, who tells the story and grows up during the novel. Important persons in the novel are her father Atticus, her brother Jem, Calpurnia, who is the cook of the family and a substitute mother for Scout, and Tom Robinson. For Atticus, equality and honesty is very important. He defends Tom Robinson a black man because he`s accused of raping a white girl. Blacks aren`t very respected and it`s difficult for Atticus to defend him. They all live in a small town in South America called Maycomb. The book is divided into two parts. Part one tells about Scout and her family and life in Maycomb. This part isn`t very interesting to read. Often it seems a little boring because there are some parts which are told very detailed. Part two is the part where the main part begins and where the real action is shown. On the cover of the book you got the information that the book is about rape. When you read the first part you look forward to it and in part two it begins, eventually. It is very interesting to read this part and you get to know a lot of information about a trial in this time.The book shows the life of the 1930`s and the segregation between whites and blacks.All in all you can say that it is interesting to read the book. The book gives you information  about the 1930`s and the life at this time. When you read it you understand many things better you`ve heard of before."
"Somehow I made it through high school AND college without being required to read this book.  I've heard nothing but good things about this book and thought I should go and pick it up.I can see why people do nothing but rave about this book.  It is truly wonderful; a real work of art.  It is amazing that Harper Lee never wrote any other books.This is the story of Jean Louise, known by her loved ones as Scout, and the experiences of her family and her home town of Maycomb, Alabama back in the 1960's when blacks were still largely oppressed by whites.You fall in love with Scout, her brother Jem, her father Atticus, and most of the residents of Maycomb throughout the first half of the book.  Through the eyes of Scout, you really see how things used to be during that time.  Also, through the upbringing of her father, you begin to understand why some people do things that don't make much sense on the cover.  You learn to try and see things through there eyes before passing judgment.However, in the second half of the book, judgment unfortunately come to Tom Robinson.  He is standing trial for raping a white girl and the events of the trial will unveil the true character of nearly everybody in Maycomb.  It is sad, but it is a real character piece.  While it is slowly paced, especially at the beginning during the characterization part of the book, it is still hard to put down.  The characters in this book become as alive and real as the people in your own town.It is a book that will cause you to reflect on your own life, and how you treat those you meet.  It is a book that will make you realize the ugliness and terrible results of racism.  It is a book that every person should read whether forced to in school or not.  It is a book I will read time and time again.  It is a book I highly recommend."
"To Kill a MockingbirdBy Harper LeeReviewed by: B. KhauP. 5 Scout Finch is the main character of the book. She lives with Jem and Atticus, her brother and father. She has no mother because her mother died. Scout meets a boy named Dill and they become friends. Scout, her brother, and Dill act out stories together. Dill hears about a house on their street called the Radley Place. One day they find mysterious presents left for them. The children guess that it is from Boo, who is Mr. Nathan Radley's brother. Then one day, the three children sneak into the Radley Place and lots of trouble awaits them there. They get shot at by Nathan Radley, and try to escape. After they escape, a fire breaks and a blanket is slipped onto Scout's shoulders. She thinks that it was Boo and she tells her father about it. After that, Atticus gets involved a trial involved Tom Robinson. Tom was accused of raping a white woman. I liked this book because there were many surprises in it. One part that surprised me was when the children snuck in the Radley Place and heard a gunshot. ""Halfway through the collards I tripped; as I tripped the roar of a shotgun shattered the neighborhood."" This sentence was from the book and it was described well. It told exactly what happened with good details without confusing the readers. I was getting a little bored because there was not much going on. It didn't have much war and fighting like some of the books I read before. The book had more complicated situations, and was about how some white people could be racist. Most of the book was interesting although I disliked the fact that this book was pretty long. I had to rush through the book and finish it in time to write this review. I also don't like the way the book has a lot of parts where there is nothing much but conversations and I get bored. An example of this is near the very beginning. ""We stared at him until he spoke:"" After that sentence was when I started to get bored. However, there are some parts in the book that you read and suddenly jump up and get really interested. My favorite part was near the end when Boo saved the kids. It showed how the evil and prejudice in this world can be stopped. Boo stabs Ewell, but he does not get arrested. The sheriff tries to protect Boo and lies that Ewell tripped over a root and stabbed himself."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is the best book I have ever read. It is about how people deal with major issues of racism during the segregation period. In the town of Maycomb County, a little family dealt with a lot of these serious issues of being bothered because Atticus Finch, the father of the family, defends black people. Atticus, a lawyer who is considered to do all the dirty jobs no one wants to do, is defending a Negro by the name of Tom Robinson. This wasn't considered a brave thing to do in their town, it was mainly thought of as stupid or a joke. The Cunninghams, another white family of Maycomb accused Tom of abusing and taking advantage of their older daughter, Mayela when he was allowed inside their fence, just to do a few chores. They claim that Tom beat her about the face, and on the arms, and then he got on top of her, just when the dad walked in and caught him. During this trial, the two Finch kids have struggles with other kids at school, because their dad is defending a Negro. The ending is unpredictable, and leaves you wanting more. If you want a good read, I urge you to get this book as soon as possible. It is one of the greatest books of our time, because it is realistic, and the author writes so well. To Kill a Mockingbird is really well written and it is written so that you have to infer a lot of the time, about some background knowledge of what went on in the past, during that time period. It is a good book that keeps you thinking, and you actually feel like you are there with the characters. i highly recommend this book."
"The story To Kill A Mockingbird, is a story that is set in Maycomb, Alabama during the 1960's,  when blacks and whites still didn't get along too well. The author, Harper Lee, wrote this book as if it was 8-year-old Scout Finch telling the story. This makes the story more emotional to the readers because it tells about the hard times of growing up, going to school, and dealing with life. The story starts off as everything going pretty well in this little Alabama town with her brother Jem Finch, who is a couple years older then her, her father, Atticus Finch, who is a lawyer, and their maid, Calpurnica.  In the summer one year a boy named Dill Harris was visiting with his Aunt Stephanie, and met up with Jem and Scout and from that summer on Dill would come and stay with them.  Down the street from the Finch's there was a old house, which the Radley family used to live in.  The people said now that only the father of the family, Boo Radley lived there and he was crazy.  Each summer the children would try to make him come out of the house or atleast get a little look at him.  They never got this wish, but they still believed that he was in there, and alive. As the story continues, the children's father, Atticus, is appointed by the judge to represent a black man, Tom Robinson,  in court. The people said that Robinson raped a girl named, Mayella. Her father said that he saw Robinson do it, but with Mayella and her father testifying they came out with differnet sides of the story. The book To Kill A Mockingbird, I think, is a very good book. It tells about racism, how hurtful people can be, how loving others can be, and how no matter what someone says or does to you, that you can never stop believing in what you think is right just because someone else tells you to. I think that everyone should read this book because it really makes you think about what is important in life."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" takes place in Maycomb, Alabama, during the Great Depression.  There was a lot of racism during this time and it's expressed in this book.  The Finch family includes Jean Louise, aka Scout, Jem, and Atticus.  Atticus is the father of Scout and Jem.  They're mother died when Scout was young, so Scout is quite a tomboy.  During the summer, Dill stays in town and plays with Jem and Scout.  Most of their time is occupied wondering what happens beyond the Radley's door.  The Radley's are neighbors of the Finches and are very mysterious people.  Arthur Radley, aka Boo, is the most mysterious of them all though.  None of the kids have seen him.  But that is one thing Scout, Jem, and Dill intend on changing.  During all this, Atticus is appointed to defend a black man on trial for raping Mayela Ewell.  Most of the town and county look down on Atticus for taking this case.  Jem and Scout even get bothered by this.  But through all of it, the family sticks together.I highly recommend this book.  It tells a point of view that you may not have thought about before."
"As a teenager, I have read many classics. 'To Kill A Mockingbird' has to be one of my favorites. This book has many twists, however I found a few parts to be quite boring. I went through some of the book being anxious for it to be over, watching page by page go by thinking 'When is this going to get interesting? When is this going to end?' but once I hit the last 4 chapters, they flew by. The surprise ending was amazing, and at the end, I found myself thinking 'No, it can't be over yet!'. Although few parts didn't appeal much to me, overall I loved this book."
"This bookis about a little girl named Scout, her brother named Jem, and her friend named Dill.  Her father is a lawyer and agrees to represent a black man charged of raping a young white girl, Mayella Ewell.  She was very poor and her family wasn't trusted.  Tom Robinson, the man charged with rape, was later found guilty, because he was a black man. While he was in jail he tried to escape he was shot to death by the prison guards.  This is one of the best books I have ever read. I left a lot of things out, but it's impossible to summarize such a great book in a paragraph , or two.  I recommend this book to anyone who likes to read."
"To Kill a Mockingbird  Warner books, 1960, 281, $6.99Harper Lee  ISB# 0-446-31078-6 In Maycomb, Alabama where men's stiff collars wilt by nine in the morning, the Finch children become entangled in a dramatic tale full of mystery.  Jem and his sister (the story is told from her point of view) become deeply involved in trying to make their deranged neighbor, Bo Radley, come outside from the house he never leaves.  While their father, Atticus Finch fights for the rights of an innocent black man accused of raping a young white woman.  Everything is turned upside down, the way the sleepy town has never seen before. The twisting and turning of this awesome story will leave you wondering what will happen next.  You won't be expecting the surprise ending of this timeless classic.  This book is for the older, more experienced reader with some cruel language and adult situations.  I did like this book, but needed to keep a dictionary by my side."
"I found To Kill a Mockingbird a fascinating story of the town Maycomb, Alabama and the many racial prejudices that exists there.  The story is told by Scout, a grown woman that tells the story of her childhood and the many lessons that she learned.  She, her brother Jem and there childhood friend Dill, spend their long summer days reenacting scenes from the story Dracula and trying their hardest to get the town recluse, Boo Radley to show himself. The climax of the story takes place when Scout's father Atticus, a lawyer, takes the case of a young African American man that is accused of raping a local white girl.  Atticus becomes a target for the town's racism and his children soon feel the racial pressures. Am amazing story of the true values in life, To Kill a Mockingbird, teaches us all that we should love and cherish those around us and that we should all treat each other equally."
"I want to like this book! I really do! I want it to touch me emotionally like it did to all your other readers. But so far I'm on page 118 and its makin me really mad! I'm doin this for a school assignment and I have to finish it on March 1. The story is so pointless, its about this these 3 kids obsessed with their neighbors and want to see what their son looks like, nothing else. Usually good books start getting good from pages 30 - 50, but so far this book is a disgrace. I hope you people that gave this piece of crap 5 stars are right about this book being a ""classic."" If you really want to get a good book about what discrimination was like and what innocent people had to go through, I recommend ""Through My Eyes"" by Ruby Bridges."
"Harper Lee`s novel ""To kill a Mockingbird"", which he won the Pulitzer Prize for, is written through the eyes of a young girl called Scout. She lives with her older brother Jem and her father Atticus Finch, whose profession is to be a lawyer in a small village, Maycomb in Alabama (south of the USA). As her father has to defend a black man, who is accused to have raped a white girl, whose father is often drunk and violent, the children Jem, Scout and a little boy called Dill, who visits his aunt in Maycomb only in the summer-holidays, get involved into the real life of prejudices against minorities, especially blacks and irrationality of adult opinions about social classes and social differences.This very authentic novel by a very talented author with such a lovely sense of humour, sarcasm and excitement shows the real life of the 1930s in the south of the USA, where equality of black and white people was an unreachable aim. To get more information, read the whole novel, which is really worth reading."
"The book ""To kill a mockingbird"" which was written by Harper Lee is about a black man who is blamed for raping a white girl.The whole story is told by a girl called Scout and in the cause the story the reader gets to know how the girl is growing up and he gets to know some important things of Scouts childhood.The story takes place in a quiet old town called Maycomb which is full of racism.Scouts father Atticus is a lawyer and he defends the black man called Tom Robinson who is blamed for raping a white girl and that is why Atticus and his family get into trouble.The first part of the book is difficult to understand, because you don't really get ""into"" the story and because of this the story seems not to be very interesting on the first view.But if you go on reading, the book is getting more and more interesting and you can see that it's worth reading this book.The whole story seems to be realistic and the reader could think that the story really took place and that's perhaps a reason why Harper Lee's book was sold more than 30.000.000 times and won the Pulitzer Prize."
"In the novel ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" Harper Lee describes how the two young children Jem and Scout Finch are growing up in the Deep South during the thirties. Through their eyes you see how the society of a small town called Maycomb treats blacks and uses prejudices. So a black man named Tom Robinson is charged with the rape of a white girl. You get to know the injustice of this time.The novel is quite funny and interesting - Your own fault if you don't read it."
"In Maycomb, a small town in the south of the USA, Jean Louise, her brother Jem and their friend Dill spend their most exciting summer in their young life. While they discover their mysterious neighbourhood, Jean Louise and Jem's father, called Atticus, has to defend Tom Robinson, a black man, who is charged with the rape of a white girl. So Atticus gets into trouble with the society which has prejudices against Blacks.The book is very recommendable because it shows how young children grow up in a town full of prejudices. After some time they learn how to behave in such a situation and get great civil courage. So they loose their naive view of life and their imagination of justice."
"In the novel ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" Harper Lee describes how Scout and Jem, two children of the lawyer Atticus Finch, are growing up in Deep South during the 30`s.Atticus Finch has to defend a coloured man called Tom Robinson, who is charped with the rape of a white girl.In the book there are shown many exciting conflicts between the ethic groups.Finally you can say that it is a interesting book.So get your own imagination by reading this novel."
"The novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" from Harper Lee is about Scout, a girl who is the daugther of a man called Atticus who defends an Afro-American. This person is Tom Robinson, who is charged with the rape of a white girl. It is obviously that he has not comitted the crime, but the people in the small town Maycomb are racists and that makes the defend of Tom Robinson very difficult for Atticus.At the beginning the novel was very difficult for me to read, because the first few chapters are boring, but when i went on reading the book, it became more and more interesting."
"Maycomb, a little town in Alabama in the 1950`s:A young girl named Scout grows up and tells the story. Her father Atticus is a lawyer and he defends a black man who is blamed for raping a white girl although he is innocent, but the whole town is full of racism and against the black man and his lawyer.The story is told in a realistic and detailed way so that the beginning of the story is difficult to understand and not very interesting. But later you get a part of the book and it is easier to understand. The novel gets very interesting and is a fascinating new part of the anti-racism literature."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a novel that deals with the problem of racial prejudice in southern parts of the United States in the 1930's. The main character, Atticus Finch, is a liberal and open-minded lawyer in his self-righteous white community in Maycomb, Alabama. He takes up the defence of Tom Robinson, a black farm worker who innocently stands accused of raping a white woman. Robinson is found guilty and killed while attempting to escape, and Finch is confronted with the hate and injustice of the community he lives in. The novel is told from the perspective of Finch's 9-year-old daughter, Jean Louise (""Scout"").I enjoyed reading this book very much. It gives an insight into how life must have been (and, perhaps, still is) in a racist community like Maycomb (which, of course, is a fictional location). The novel's plot is well-elaborated, its characters are complex and realistic. I especially liked the second part of the novel, dealing with Tom Robinson's trial and the effects Atticus' stand against his racist community by defending him in that trial has on his life and his family. It is also quite interesting to see how Scout seems to ""mentally grow up"" when becoming aware of the ""ugly face"" behind the nice and clean facades of the town. The first part before the communnity starts to show its true attitude could have been a little bit shorter,it is more interesting for people who are interested in society and the relationships between the people. Nevertheless, this book is fascinating and worth reading."
"Maycomb is a small town in the South of the US during the 30's with all the prejudices against Blacks and poorer families where Jean Louise, called Scout, and her older brother Jem grow up. And during this time their father has to defend a black man who is charged with the rape of a white girl.The children are constantly confronted with prejudices and hate, but they hold together and to their father, although the society of Maycomb is against him. That summer Scout gets to know that nothing is what it seems.The book shows the difference between Blacks and Whites in southern America. You get an expression on what it was like during the 30's through innocent eyes of a young girl growing up."
"This story is about a 8 year old girl named Jean Louise (Scout) Finch that lives with her father Atticus and her brother Jeremy(Jem) Finch in the little town of Maycomb.This book was really interesting and touching and made me think about what colored people had to go through to live in the south.My favorite part was the Tom Robinson trial.I also liked the movie too.It didnt show all the details that were in the book, but it was a great reselmblence :)"
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is one of my favorite novels.  The author, Harper Lee, takes readers to the roots of human behavior:  kindness & cruelty, love & hatred.  The story takes place in a small Alabama county.  The main characters are a brother & sister named Jen & Scout--and their father named Atticus Finch. Their mother had died when the kids were younger.  They also have a friend named Dill.  The kids have lots of things happen to them. Down the street there is a house that looks deserted.  All the kids call it the ""Radley House"".  They think a guy named ""Boo"" Radley lives in it.  So they act out skits and try to be the Radleys.  About halfway through the novel their Dad (who is an attorney) takes up a case and defends an African-AMerican, accused of raping a local lady.  In trying to help a black, Atticus loses his reputation in the white community.  Everybody starts hating him and his kids.  But he sticks to what he believes is right.  The story climaxes when the family actually discovers the truth about 'Boo' Radley.  Likewise, the community (& the reader) discovers the truth about the accused, the accuser, and themselves.  This book is a true classic.  I highly recommend it."
"After reading this book I find it completely reasonable that Harper Lee was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, and several other prizes, and that librarians across the United States have selected this book as the best novel of the twentieth century. It is also understandable that Harper Lee did not write any other novel after this one; she had already created a perfect one and there was no real room to improve! The aspect I loved most about this book is how it shows that when children are allowed to think by themselves, without being prejudiced by the opinion of the adults, they see everything crystal clear.Lee has created a literary masterpiece with so many remarkable aspects that one feels threatened to comment on them for fear of leaving out important ones; I will try nonetheless to point out at least a couple of them. The story revolves around the experiences of Scout, who is the one telling the story. She is a little girl whose father is assigned as the defense attorney of a black young man falsely accused of raping a white girl. The main lesson the book disseminates and the one that is easiest to grasp is that racism is destructive and has no reason to exist in our society. If you consider that the book was written in 1960, this is not a minor point, but on the contrary it is a very powerful statement. Even nowadays, we have a long way to go towards accepting that someone's skin color is completely irrelevant. Although this problem has been reduced considerably other forms of discrimination still exist and should be eradicated.It is uplifting to see a father like Atticus Finch, who is raising two kids by himself, after losing his wife, and is doing a splendid job at it. Not only he differs from the norm at the time because he never hits his children, but he also tries not to influence their ideas of what is wrong and right. Instead of promoting hatred in Scout and Jem against the people that are racist and unfair, he tries to teach them tolerance to understand that these individuals are acting mostly out of fear. Throughout the story one can observe how the two siblings go from considering Atticus an old man who could not play football with other dads to seeing him as a hero with outstanding values. Jem describes this perfectly: ""Atticus is a gentleman, just like me"".I can understand why this book has been selected as part of the required readings in high school, and also why a lot of kids, finding it difficult to read, do not particularly enjoy it. To those of you that have a bitter recollection of this book and are now adults, I urge you to reread it and I guarantee that you will see clearly that it was worth it. If you are reading the book for high school, try to understand what the society was like in 1960 and you will enjoy this chore a lot more. Finally, I just have to say that I feel privileged for having read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", even though nobody ever forced me to do so."
"I'd be surprised to hear of any American who hasn't opened the pages of this classic Harper Lee novel.  Yes, we have Boo Radley, Atticus, Jem, Scout, and many more characters, but the truth behind this novel is sometimes doing what's right isn't about doing what's easy.This is a lesson we should all take to heart again and again.I have read this book again and again throughout my life.  I shall continue to re-read it to my children and hope the cycle will continue."
This book is a classic and does have a great moral and social story to tell. Its social commentary is relevant to this day. But unfortunately those facts do not save the book from wordiness and a slowly developed story line.
"This novel is set in Maycomb, Alabama, in the 1930's. The story is told from the eyes of a young girl. Jean Louis Finch, also called Scout has to go through a lot of adversity during the time that her father, Atticus, has to defend a black man, Tom Robinson. The story has many hidden lessons about growing up and doing what is right. Tom Robinson is wrongly tried for the rape of Mayella Ewell. He is wrongly convicted just because of his coler even though everyone knew he was innocent. It's a sad event that Scout and Jem (her older brother) had to go though. Throughout the book the kids have many other interesting adventures that make this book fun to read. Like when they try harassing their mysterious neightbor that they nick name ""Boo"" Radley. Their curiosity almost gets them shot one time while they were trying to get a glimpse of Boo in one of his windows. They think that Boo is a monster and their imaginations get the best of them as to how he really is. In the end of the book, the kids come face to face with Boo, and its not the way they though they would."
"I'm in 8th grade right now, in the advanced English class. We're reading this book for class. I was entranced quickly, and finished the book before the 'class' got to part 2, like many of my friends on the same level. This book is absolutely astounding: It has everything: beautiful writing,  morality, humor, and the recognition of discrimination: Both against black people and against people with mental disabilities (like my sister). It shows the racist ways that were law in this age, and speaks against them. I loved reading it: One of the things I love about the 9X class is that we anilize the text: We see hints and foreshadowing, we notice small details. The two sides of good and evil are very easily defined, which is part of the beauty of the book. It shows love among children and of adults. It clearly puts good and bad face to face. Last, but not least, it shows that part of the niave fool, the mockingbird. Definitly one of the world classics, it will stand within it's own time, and I'm sure it won't be forgotten. Anyone who is intersted in great literature must read this."
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird was the second book that I ever read about a family in the South that encounters racism.  This book is absolutely amazing... so amazing that I read it three times.  Oh, I don't mind telling you that all three times, I fell asleep reading the beginning.  However, the story, the emotion, the characters are just... WOW!  No one reads this book and doesn't LOVE it !^_~"
"I was not exactly interested in a book so old that both of my parents had read it. It had never occurred to me that a book written almost half a century ago could actually be entertaining, but To Kill A Mockingbird was an exception. I was intrigued by this powerful piece of literature that had touched the lives of millions of readers. After having enjoyed the book, I went out and rented the Academy-Award winning film that was also considered a classic. Could the film really capture the book in all of its essence? I had never seen a film that had actually been better that the book, but I gave it a try. Overall, the film had been exceptionally good and had captured some very important and meaningful parts in a stunning and excellent manner. It had brought the action and emotion to life. Yet, as one would expect, the book was still superior to and more entertaining than the film. I have never liked the fact that filmmakers usually must exclude some small parts of the book save time, but normally I just let it go and enjoy the movie in all of its brilliance. I could have done the same when viewing To Kill A Mockingbird the film, but the filmmakers had cut out some outstanding parts that had great significance in the book. I was annoyed that they had cut so many parts. For example, in the book, Miss Maudie's house catches fire and an old fire truck, killed by the cold, is pushed from town by a group of men. All the men of Maycomb bring Miss Maudie's furniture out of the house and onto a yard across the street as the flames devour Miss Maudie's home. In the midst of all of this emergency, as Scout and Jem watch in awe, Boo Radley comes up behind Scout and puts a blanket around her without her even knowing it until later that night when Atticus sees it. Still, Scout and Jem are not convinced that Boo Radley could ever be a kind person, let alone a friend of theirs. This part shows Jem and Scout still not being able to see the real Boo Radley, both physically and mentally. The film also did not include many of the small details that illustrate the fact that Jem and Scout are growing up. The book shows some evidence that Scout and Dill are ""engaged"" and are to be married when the time comes. However, the film only portrays the two as being merely friends. Also, the film gives no mention of Aunt Alexandra, Atticus' sister, who wants Scout to become more of a sophisticated young woman and takes action when she invites Scout to a tea party that is only took part in by the mature and experienced women of Maycomb. Alexandra also has some arguments with Atticus about not to letting Scout ""run wild"". The latter parts of the book suggest that Jem is becoming a young man. He becomes slightly grouchy and less kind to Scout and begins to grow hair under his arms. The film disregards these details that contributed so much to the meaning and quality of the book. The book suggests that, during Mr. Gilmer's (Mr. Ewell's lawyer's) cross-examination of Tom Robinson, Scout and Jem take Dill out of the courtroom when Dill starts to cry because he is disgusted by Mr. Gilmer's arrogant attitude toward Tom Robinson. The three children begin to realize the hatred and inhumanity of the world they live in. The film completely ignores the fact that Scout is trying to deal with all the problems of the growing up and maturing of herself and others in the book. To Kill A Mockingbird the film had never really matched intensity that the book had so often portrayed. The film never touched the core of all human behavior and dignity. However, I was not disappointed or surprised that the film had never reached the level of passion and heartrending that the book had. A film can never reach that level of authenticity and heart. It will only try and fail. Today, To Kill A Mockingbird may be, to some, a book too old and dull to find enjoyment in, but that, in any circumstance, will never be true with an enduring masterpiece such as this."
"This book was one of the best books I had ever read in my life besides Green Eggs and Ham. It takes place in a small town in Alabama. Atticus, Scalpes father is a layer in this town and he has a apportunity to help Tom Robinson a black man who was accused of rapping a young women. Different adventures happen to Scalpe during this book so you will on the top of your seat. when your down with this book you can watch the movie thats also a awesome experience. I recomined reading this book to anyone."
Hi. I am righting you about this book.  This is a good book for kids. It is a about this young girl who lives in a neighborhood where it is very racial.  She meets this young man named Dill.  She has a brother named Jem. Her dad is named Atticus and he is a lawyer.  He defends this man named Tom Robision.  He is acused of raping this girl named Mealla. Atticus honestly proves him not guilty.  In the end Tom goes to jail and tries to escape and doesn't make it. In the process of escaping he gets shot.
"To Kill A Mockingbird is told in the first person by a six-year-old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult. The book's setting is a small town in Alabama, and the action behind Scout's tale is her father's determination, as a lawyer, liberal, and honest man, to defend a Negro accused of raping a white girl.  The most important theme of To Kill a Mockingbird is the book's exploration of the moral nature of human beings-that is, whether people are essentially good or essentially evil. The novel approaches this question by dramatizing Scout's and Jem's transition from a perspective of childhood innocence, in which they assume that people are good because they have never seen evil, to a more adult perspective, in which they have confronted evil and must incorporate it into their understanding of the world. As a result of this portrayal of the transition from innocence to experience, one of the book's important subthemes involves the threat that hatred, prejudice, and ignorance pose to the innocent: people such as Tom Robinson and Boo Radley are not prepared for the evil that they encounter, and, as a result, they are destroyed. Even Jem is victimized to an extent by his discovery of the evil of racism during and after the trial. Whereas Scout is able to maintain her basic faith in human nature despite Tom's conviction, Jem's faith in justice and in humanity is badly damaged, and he retreats into a state of disillusionment. The moral voice of To Kill a Mockingbird is Atticus Finch, who has experienced and understood evil without losing his faith in the human capacity for goodness. Atticus understands that, rather than being simply creatures of good or creatures of evil, most people have both good and bad qualities. The important thing is to appreciate the good qualities and understand the bad qualities by treating others with sympathy and trying to see life from their perspective. He tries to teach this ultimate moral lesson to Jem and Scout to show them that it is possible to live with conscience without losing hope or becoming cynical. In this way, Atticus is able to admire Mrs. Dubose's  courage even while deploring her racism. Scout's progress as a character in the novel is defined by her gradual development toward understanding Atticus's lessons. There is a maturity in Scouts observation as she finds contradiction in Mrs. Faust's intolerable racist manners towards blacks, but utmost compassion towards Jews massacre by Hitler."
"This is an absolutely wonderful book. I especially love the child's perspective it is written from. Somehow, putting it that way makes the racism and cruelty portrayed all the more horrific.The characters are very realistic (which is a big issue with me!) and the plot, while simple, is very intriguing. This is a sad story for the most part, but it also has great hope, because it shows that there are courageous people in the world who are willing to stand against culture and fight for the rights of those whom no one cares about.If you have not read this book, you must; it is well worth it."
when you first get to kill a mocking bird you say what a dumb book this is. but when you start reading it you want to go on and on until you get to the end of the book. this book grabs your attention in the second chapter and never lest your mind go. so  if you think to kill a mocking bird is boring think again.
"I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" when I was 16 for my GCSE exams in England. Then, I liked it, but I wonder how much of that was my teacher's opinion, not mine. My sister is approaching 16 now, and apparently about to start studying it, so I said I would re-read it to see if I could help her with it at all. My mum re-read it too, so we could compare notes.In a way, I wish I hadn't read it when I was 16: I wonder whether putting this book on a syllabus for 16 year olds is a mistake. Harper Lee, after all, never intended the book to be studied by children.I couldn't put it down this time. I was at that stage where you almost remember what happens, but don't quite, so the story is just as engrossing the second time. This time, I was struck by the mockingbird analogy more than ever. It is a beautiful metaphor and actually applies to many of the characters in the book: not just Boo Radley, but Tom Robinson and Jem too. When you think about that the whole way through, it gives the book a whole new depth and meaning that is not immediately evident on the surface. I think before, when I read the line ""it's a sin to kill a mockingbird"" I fell into that trap of thinking ""oh good, that's the title of the book mentioned at last"". It's easy to attribute the metaphor solely to Boo Radley because of Scout's (very insightful) comment at the end of the book ""it'd be kinda like shooting a mockingbird,wouldn't it?"", but I think that is just scratching the surface of this wonderfully written novel. I hope every 16 year old reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" has a wonderful teacher willing to give them everything it has to offer.Highly recommended."
"The book was perhaps the greatest I've ever read. The way that it showed you how prejudice is never going to be the way out of your problems. I liked how the main charcater Scout, at the end finds out that rasism is never going to be the way out of your problems. I also like how it showed you how things are back in the 60's and gives you an idea of how it would be if you lived in that time. The way that they put out the plot line was great, I will definetlly recommend this book to a friend."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a good book. Tom Robison was covicted of a crime in which he did not committ. the case was based on the unjustful opinion of the whites in the south during the 1930's. I like this book because it tells the truths of racist whites of the south.My closing statement is, this book was very enjoyable,when you read it, it gets very interesting."
"To kill a Mockingbird is a book based on the time period of the 1930's. It tells the truth behind the walls of lies. The characters are perfect for a child's view of racism, growing up, and the ways of life. The book is set in Maycomb, Alabama in the poor area for the whites. In this town blacks are treatd fairly by some and unrighteously by others who feel they have a overbearing  superiority . White women had meetings in which they gossiped about blacks. The town in my opinion is too close and  they tend to know people all to well. They pass so much judgement that some tell lies that are not intended to benefit them just so they can be left alone. In my closing statement I say, "" This book is a great depiction of the unjustful ways of the 1930's.""- Jasmine Meriwether"
"This is a pretty good book. The plot isn't that bad. It would have been much better if the author had left race out of the book. I like court cases and books about them, but I don't really care too much when the moral of the story is ""don't be racist."" We've come far enough, there is very little racism out there. High school students should get to read contemporary fiction, things that apply to us now-adays, not about racism that only a small minority feel now-adays. Besides, black people are more racist than whites in this day and age."
Harper Lee has written one of the finest books to ever be printed.  Mixing heartbreaking emotions with current issues of the time this book surpasses most others.  The prose given to Atticus Finch could not be better.  He is the everyman's hero who shines with simple wisdom and a good heart.  Every person should strive to possess the dignity protrayed in the character of Finch.  Lee also captures perfectly the innocence and wonder of children in her novel.  Scout is the little girl who were all were at one time and wish that we could still be.  I am honored that I was able to live in a time when a person could write such a magnificent book.
"I first read this book for school, at age 13. Every so often I pick it up and re-read it. I must've read it at least 6 times by now. This book, I feel, is the best piece of literature ever written. It brings out every human emotion. There are some funny moments and some very sad moments. Harper Lee writes the characters so well, it's like you know them. In every neighborhood, you have the mean old lady whose house you hate to walk by (Mrs. Dubose) and the character no-one really knows, they never leave their home and speculation arises as to their activities (Boo Radley). I'd have to say my favorite character is Atticus. He does his best raising his two children after his wife dies at a young age. He tells his kids the truth and doesn't sugar coat things for them. He talked to them like they were his equal, not below him as many parents do. He teaches his children that just because every one else says or does something that doesn't mean that it is ok. The best part is his closing argument at Tom Robinson's trial. Atticus was a kind and patient man. No matter the color of your skin or your social status, he treated everyone with love and respect."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is one of the best books that I have ever read. It is the perfect description of how the white people living in the south treated the blacks in the 1930's. In school we learn about the slaves and the Civil War, and what goes on in that time period of American History. However we are not really exposed to the time period that follows, the fact is that we still treated blacks badly. Within the contents of this book about a little girl growing up in a very judgemental town we not only learn about how the blacks were treated but we also learn how judge some one. Which we really can't do until we walk around in their shoes.  When one takes the time to sit down and think about what is going on the fact that not a lot has changed since then. We make up stories about something or someone that we don't know, or are afraid of like Boo Radley. Then we frown down apon those who we think are unclean in our society like the Eweles. Then there are the people who we judge too qickly because of their unfasionalble clothes or the color of their skin like the Tom Robinson's of the world. When we decide to look closer we see that most of the Tom Robinsons of the world are just trying to get along like everyone else. People like Boo Radley are also trying to get by, but remain in the shadows, like the kid in the back of the class who doesn't say anything for the fear that everyone will laugh at him. Then the Eweles who we think to be unclean, but there is always the idea that we raise the standards all the time to what is fit in society. Then there is the dissaproval of a black man and a white woman back then, do we not today frown apon the realtionships of lesbians and gay people?  In To Kill a Mockingbird it takes a little girl to get us to realize this. She is only 6, shouldn't these societal conflicts be appearant to all. Esepcially the older ones who tend to be the cause of these confilcts. I ask of all who read this review, To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book on its' own, but what makes it better is that there is so much more beyond it that can help us in all days of life."
"It was in a small town in the South, in 1930's. The story is full of interesting, lovable characters. The narrator is Scout a bright, bold, young girl who lived with her older brother Jem and their lawyer father, Atticus.Respectable Atticus was a gentleman who raised the two children with the help from Calpurina, the day cook. Against some of the prevalent social senses, he taught them the principles and values he lived by.With Dill around during the summer, things were more interesting. They had the hermit neighbor who remained the mysterious subject of the children's acts of curiosity. Their interaction with other neighbors like Ms Maudie and Mrs Dubose was always capped with lessons to learn.And there was a case of a black man Atticus defended against the charge of raping a white girl.  Atticus' integrity and the people's classic prejudices were demonstrated in events related to the case.The storyline and language are awesome. Narrations by children are always interesting in the way curiosity, frankness, and innocence do. And the book is full with values we adults could always relearn. No wonder it is such a classic!"
"I read this book recently in class because it was requred reading. I love reading, and read several books a week. TKaM however was terrible. There is almost no plot, and the charecters were poorly developed and obviously fake. It gets boring after a few minutes, and is never all that exciting. It is also hard to follow what is going on near the end. It may be a classic, but it sure is not a good one!"
To kill a Mockingbird is a simple small town story. It is about a lawyer who is helping a man who is getting charged with rape. The story is narrated by six year old Scout. It shows the reader of the prejudices of a small southern town in the 30's. I recomend this book to everyone who wants to see how African American's were treated in this small southern town.
To kill a Mockingbird is a simple small town story. It is about a lawyer who is helping a man who is getting charged with rape. The story is narrated by six year old Scout. It shows the reader of the prejudices of a small southern town in the 30's. I recomend this book to everyone who wants to see how African American's were treated in this small southern town.
The book was realy interesting but it wasn't my kind of book. I am recomending that you read this book because I liked it and because that is what the book was written for.
"When I read this book I was really surprised. Not too many books we read in school are actually books I like, but this one was different. The way Harper Lee portrayed it all through the eyes of six-year-old Scout made it different too. The innocence and understanding of a child through times when the black and white were still not equal helps you really get into this book, especially when one black man is being tried for rape against the white trash of the town and inevitably loses. Even after Atticus puts up the best opposing fight ever. After the trial a the hate is turned on to Atticus. But when someone goes after his kids, something has to be done. Before it gets out of hand. What happens? Read to find out."
"I was first ""forced"" to read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" in high school. Thank God for whatever teacher it was who made us read it. I am currently a practicing lawyer, and I have to admit that I was influenced in part to become an attorney by none other than Atticus Finch.The book is such a fantastic examination of people's prejudices, fears, and hatreds, no doubt far more scholarly people than myself have examined it and analyzed it to pieces. But it does expose so many raw nerves for so many people: the pettiness of bigotry by whites against blacks during the depression, the fear of the unknown in the person of Boo Radley, the sheer injustice of the all-white jury convicting Tom Robinson...and through it all, we are treated to the quiet dignity of Atticus Finch.The story is essentially told through the eyes of Scout, an intelligent but often guileless young girl who is frankly confused by the prejudice that rears its ugly head when Tom Robinson, a black man, is accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a white woman, the daughter of a violent drunk white farmer.Scout's love for her father is apparent throughout the book, particularly when she watches him remain quietly courageous in the face of ever growing town anger at the prospect of Atticus defending Robinson. But there is not necessarily a happy ending here. The story is bittersweet, Atticus does not save the day for Robinson, but Scout is rescued from potential harm from an unexpected corner and learns that one should never judge anyone by appearances alone.A true, timeless classic which I have re-read several times over the years. Anyone who is not moved by this book is quite plainly an idiot."
"The Story being told in the eyes of Scout Finch. Always talking about her brother Jem being couragous and brave. They were two kids 7 and 12 and they loved each other and just follow each other around and did some pretty crazy things. All in all, a Great book that will be usefull for the rest of your life."
This is a great book about the years of the depression in the eyes of two kids Scout and Jem finch. The two children have a good time being two trouble causing kids. They have a ball tring to talk to Mr. Radly (the neighborhood freakish person.)The only problem is they the book goes from thing to thing to much.
"I'm currently in Middle shool and for one of my school's literary projects I was assighned to read To Kill a Mockingbird and let me just say I loved it. I could read the book, a chaper, a page even and find new meaning in it every time. It's like a window into the past."
"Scout's mother, Tom Robinson, and Boo Radley never or rarely speak for themselves, but they cast long shadows on one little girl's life.  What made this book a gem for me was the way Harper Lee allows the reader to fill in the landscape.  Atticus tousels the hair of a little girl before delivering bad news that will change her life forever; we are left to guess how it must remind him of telling his own daughter that mom will never return.  He replies to his sister, ""I do the best I can with them (the kids)"", leaving his grief unstated.In a time of public disgraces and eternal processing of emotion, Harper Lee's book is a reminder of a time of privacy, decorum, and  the power of what is left unsaid."
"It speaks atleast something for a book when over 1200 people think it is worth writing a reveiw for.I got my copy of ""To Kill A Mocking Bird"" when I was leaving home, to join a university in Australia. It was perhaps the only book my dad referred to, and all that he said of it was ""I liked it."" I thought I should read it just to know what kind of books Papa liked. If you, like me, have been luck to know nothing more of the book, skip all the reveiws and get the book.Harper Lee has written a very beautiful book, one that will take your breath away. Never cliche, never boring, never sagging. Young Scout and her world is only incidentally in Alabama. It could be anywhere, anytime. With Atticus's teaching of ""step into his shoes and walk around in it"", Scout takes her readers into her world. It has old dying ladies, missionary parties, hidden treasures, firing guns, friendly neighbours, haunted houses and all the yarn. And all the different things happening to her and around her, fit seemlessly as in real life, most uncliche-ly. I never thought any book could manage to do that. Harper Lee does an honest incredible job."
"To Kill a Mockingbird chronicles the lives of Scout,Jem,Atticus, Dill, and the residents of Maycomb, Alabama. The year is 1935, and trouble is brewing. Atticus Finch,  Scout and Jem's father, must defend a black man for the rape of a white girl. Scout and Jem have confidence in their father, but it takes an unforgettable night in Maycomb for them to realize how dangerous a thing their father is doing.Great book. I didn't even think it was possible to write this well. This book flows along smoothly but not  slowly. Harper Lee obviously gave great thought to this novel. Thank you, Ms. Lee, for giving us a novel everybody can enjoy."
"I consider To Kill a Mockingbird my favorite novel of all-time, and for good reason.  Like the film starring Gregory Peck, it shines as one of literature's finest Classics.  A must-read and a must-buy for any book lover!"
"I was assigned to read this book in 10th grade ""American Literature"" class.  To my suprise it grabbed me to where I couldn't just read the assigned reading.  Book is much much better then the movie.  Part were a little confusing at that age, but easy to jump back in.Would recommend to a reader of any age!"
"To Kill a Mocking Bird is my favourite book. I think that it deserves 6 stars!When Jem and Scout Finch find a small boy hidden in the cabbage patch, named Dill, they make good friends with him. But, Dill leads them into trouble, and as his thirst for knowledge increases, he leads Jem and Scout into danger.But this is not the only danger the children should have to encounter. Powered by rage, when Atticus Finch, Jem and Scout's father, accepts to laywer a black man, a drunken fool flys into a rage and attacks the childrenThis book almost made me cry when I read it, but it made me laugh, too. It will always be one of my all time favourites, so if you're thinking of buying a book, this is my top reccomendation."
"The novel is from the point of veiw of Scout, telling the story of when she was 6, during 1935. The first half of the book is centered around Scout, her brother Jem, and ""boyfriend"" Dill as they discover the secrets of Aurther ""Boo"" Radley. He hasn't left his house for about 30 years and the children suspect his father is keeping him inside. Scout eventually quits the game when she relizes tht maybe Boon wants to stay inside, away from everyone tormenting him.The second half of the novel is about Atticus, the father, still from Scouts view. He defending a black man who is accused of raping a white girl. Jem is sure Atticus is going to win, even after the black man says he ""felt sorry"" for a white women, indicating he was somehow better than her.The underlying message is about how people are the same and different, beyond just being black and white. Atticus emphisizes this point over and over again and he trys to teach his children principles in life."
"I read this when I was 19 and I was completely blown away.  By the end of the first chapter I didn't want to put it down.  The characters, the conflicts, settings, descriptions -- somehow I felt as though I could not only picture it all, but that it had happened in my childhood neighborhood and that I had even witnessed some of the events, perhaps even participated!  I'm sure that if I read it again today, I'd have a different reaction to it, seeing some of its flaws, like the lack of moral ambiguity demonstrated by some of the characters.  For instance, Atticus is a one-dimensional saint.  Tolerant, patient, understanding, unassuming and overflowing with integrity -- he's the father everyone wishes they could point to proudly, at least looking back from adulthood.  No, he doesn't play football with Jem, but even Jem comes to realize Atticus is different somehow, better than everyone around him.  Atticus never says anything even remotely questionable.  Does he have a single flaw?  Not unless you look under the surface.Lee and most readers (me included) gloss over the fact that Atticus has to be chosen to take the Tom Robinson case.  Herein lies a crack in his shield of integrity -- and I don't think Lee intended for us to see that crack.  I don't think even she knew it's there when she wrote it.  If Atticus really did have so much integrity, he'd have volunteered to take the case.  But given that it's the 1930s, no white lawyer would have done this.  Not only was he guaranteed to lose, but he's guaranteed to lose with dishonor, even outright physical danger.  It wouldn't have been believeable even for Atticus to volunteer.  Still, if he had volunteered, how much more moral courage would he have shown?  How much more grief would he have had to endure from his neighbors and relatives?  I think Lee missed an opportunity there.  But she also needed to have shown some of Atticus's flaws.  Didn't he ever lose his temper with Scout?  Didn't he ever do something he could have apologized for?  No, Atticus is a superman.Nevertheless, the first time you read ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the story and its telling are so good, the characters, their emotions and conflicts so universal, that you are completely distracted from any literary analysis.  And that's what any good story does well, it makes you lose yourself in it.  Given that criteria, ""Mockingbird"" succeeds in the extreme.  10 stars out of 5!"
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is to me, one of the greatest books of all time.  I give this book a five star.  I think this book is about children's curiosity and harsh reality of racism.  The book is narrated by a young girl named Jean Louise Finch, who is usually called Scout.  She has an older brother named Jem Finch and a dad named Atticus Finch.  In the first part of the story, Jem and Scout are curious about Boo Radley.  Boo Radley is a very mysterious man and both Jem and Scout have never seen him before, but have heard things about him, mostly bad.  The story then goes on to talk about Tom Robinson, a poor black man accused of raping Mayella Ewell.  Atticus, who is a lawyer, will defend Tom Robinson throughout the book in any way he can, but fails.  Tom is convicted for something he did not do, mainly because of his color.  The trial will deeply affect Jem and Scout's lives forever; and they will also realize, at a young age, the cruelty that comes with racism.I would have to say that I get into and love reading books that deals with racial issues.  I am bound to be touched in some way shape or form when I read books that involves racial conflicts or issues.  I like books the deals with racial issues because for the most part, I know what one character is going through.  As a minority, I have unfortunately experienced some racial conflicts/ issues that I would not think would happen this day in age.  Unfortunately there are still people out there who aren't well educated enough to realize that everyone is different in their own ways, but should not be judge in any way shape of form.  I honestly think that the only way to solve racial discrimination is through education."
and I have read a lot of books.  The writing in this book is so delicious I could just bite off a chunk of the pages!  Scout is insightful looking back on her life as the daughter of a man willing to stand up against everything and still not necessarily win.  This book makes you a stronger person if you read it and realize that sometimes doing what's difficult is the best even if you get absolutely nothing from it.  Read this book and read it over and over all the years of your life.
"Well if this is a classic then so could the Charlies Angel's movies.  All the book consists of is a middle-class family in the south with a few weird neighbors.  I mean come on. Who really cares about a little girl that goes around the neighborhood doing things like spying on her albino neighbor.  If that makes a book a classic, shame on you.  Atticus against all odds is always fair and never makes anyone mad.  He deals with all disputes perfectly.  A wee bit too good to be true.  Don't you think?  Finishing this book felt like the equivalent of fighting in World War II with nothing but an army of G.I. Joes.  If you have been given this book as a present I give you my deepest condolences."
"Just finished this book two days ago.  I've read a lot of books, but this book is in a 3-way tie for the best book I've ever read.  Right up there with Ender's game and Ender's Shadow!"
"This book is an amazing piece of literature that should be read by everyone between the ages of 13 and 50. Even though the main characters are two children, the plot is intriguing and absorbing. The characters are very developed, and the events range from the children's childlike endeavors to a realistic trial involving an accusation of rape. The title also comes into the book a few times, with the mentioning of mockingbirds signifying important events, and the question of which of the characters have mockingbird personalities. As it says in the book, it is a sin to kill a mockingbird because it simply plays music for people to enjoy, and does not do any harm."
"""You can shoot all the Bluebirds you want, but remember, it's a sin to kill a MockingBird"" This is the most important phrase in the book. It explains the title and the main moral and lesson of the book. This novel is about a lawyer, Atticus Finch, who is to defend a black man accused of raping a white girl in the 1930's. The story is told by Scout, Atticus's daughter. She tells of the trials her and her brother Jem have to go through as this case goes on. As the trial winds down, Tom Robinson, the black man, is found guilty of a crime everyone knew he didn't commit. The quote relates to Tom. This book is a great addition to anyone's library. This novel will leave a mark on your soul! While I'm at it, let me mention two other lesser-known but worthy Amazon picks that I enjoyed: WILL@epicqwest.com by Tom Grimes, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez -- two lively, fun novels that were an interesting change of pace for me. :o)"
"This book is slow at parts, and is boring in the beginning.  However, during around the late middle it really picks up.  The trial shows a fantastic mix of character development and suspense which keeps you engaged for the rest of the book.  I suggest reading this book also because of its historical significance.  This book gives you an idea of what was happening, and what the views were of the time.-Kyle McEvoy, 8th grade Rooptop Alternative School."
"If your dad were a lawyer, would you like it if he were defending a black man in the 1930s? Well I would, if it was right. In the book to Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee, a family living in Macomb County finds out what it takes to stay strong and do what is right. With their friends, family, and school on their minds, Scout and Jem Finch help their father, Atticus, defend Tom Robinson, being accused of raping one of the Ewells. In addition, with their aunt in town and a black house cleaner, Calphurina, things cannot get any worse.  Order in the court! My favorite part in the book is when Atticus and Tom Robinson are in the court. I learned  all that has happened the night Tom was accused. Well, Tom Robinson was in the woods near the Ewel's house. Tom was at the Ewell's house supposedly raping someone's wife.  The court is very offensive because Tom is a black man. The funniest part of the chapter is when Atticus keeps on asking the same exact thing. It is amusing to me because I love hearing people being asked the same thing. I did not think Scout understood it that much; after all, she is only eight. This is the funniest chapter.  The other chapter I like is when Jem's friend Dill comes into town. He runs away because he says his step dad is being very mean to him. He does not like it so he runs away. This chapter is also very funny because Scout finds Dill under her bed and she thinks he is a mouse. Jem hits Dill in the head with a broom! It made me laugh so hard. Atticus talked to Dill's mother and she said he could stay with them for a week so she can work things out.  In conclusion, the book To Kill a Mockingbird is a funny, dramatic, and touching book. I know you will love it as much as I do. Come join me in this wonderful book. It will teach you something about yourself. Come find this family's fate in the novel To Kill a Mockingbird."
"One of the most outsatanding novels of the 20th century. The story is that of the Finch family-Atticus and his children Scout and Jem. The narrator is the precoscious Scout, a six year old tomboy and the hero is Atticus, a lawyer who teaches his children the right way to live in the face of intense presure from friends and family. Atticus answers every question that his chilren ask him directly and courageously. He not only talks the talk but he lives up to his children's expectations through his actions.Set in the Deep South of the 1930's, the book touches on a large set of issues including closemindedness and racial prejudice. Since Ms. Lee was a Southerner who never ventured far from her roots,it captures the true essence of the South and not some 'corn pone' version of it."
"""Neighbors bring food with death and flowers with sickness and little things in between.  Boo was our neighbor.  He gave us two soap dolls, a broken watch and chain, a pair of good-luck pennies, and our lives.  But neighbors give in return.  We had never put back into the tree what we took out of it: we had given him nothing, and it made me sad.""Its prose is simple but breathtakingly beautiful.  Its truth is self-evident.  I have read this book repeatedly and, at 43, it still moves me to tears.  It is one of a handful of books that changed my life."
"I waited a long time to read this book b ecause I thought it would be way overmy head, but suprisingly it was really easy to understand. It's a great book, though its not that long, you know all the characters very deeply. I think the most amazing scene is when after the verdict is read, Atticus walks out of the courtroom and all the people in the balcony stand up to solute him. It seems like such a powerfull statement. Read this book if you haven't because it is one that is truly great."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD,By Harper Lee.This story is set in the 1930's during the time of the Great depression.  This story is told through an eight year olds eyes. Scout Finch, A eight year old tomboy tells the story from her point of view.Scout and her brother Jem Finch go on an adventure to discover their neighbour Boo Radly. This book is well written and describes the scenes very well the writer shows racism and justice through a childs eyes.I Think this story is a classic and is a great read.I enjoy reading this book.This book has a childs humour and adults justice."
"To Kill A Mocking BirdBy Harper Lee  This story is set in the 1930's in Maycomb, Alabama. When an innocent black man is accused of raping a local white woman a lawyer named Atticus Finch is chosen to defend him. The story is told through the naïve eyes of his eight year old daughter Scout.  Scout has an older brother named Jem. They get up to all types of mischief with their summer friend Dill. A man named Boo Radley lives next door. Boo hasn't been seen in fifteen years. Together the three kids try to coax Boo from his house.  Atticus stays true to his beliefs and defends the black man even though it sometimes leaves him in peril. Jem really respects his father. He aspires to be like Atticus.  The aftermath of the trial causes a great stir in Maycomb. This leads to some interesting twists in the story.  This novel is a timeless classic, with themes such as racism still relevant to modern times. I would strongly recommend this extremely well written classic to all."
"To Kill A Mockingbird By Harper Lee.Harper Lee's moving and powerful novel deserves to remain as one of the most important 20th century classics.  Set in the town of Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930's, it is a story of a young girl named Scout finch and her understanding of the world around her.  The novel in centred on the issue of racism. Atticus Finch, Scout's father, is a successful lawyer and is defending a black man, Tom Robinson, in court on the charge of rape.  Harper Lee views the world through the eyes of Scout and we watch as her views are shaped by those around her  With the help of her friends, Jem, Dill and of course Boo Radley, a neighbour whom the children are afraid of, Scout makes this book both exciting and interesting.  The novel is shockingly powerful and is written in a style that most ages will find easy to read and enjoy."
To kill a mocking bird by Harper LeeThis is a classic novel about the fight against racism (a black man accused of raping a white women). The story is based in southern America and is portrayed through a young girl's eyes. Atticus is a widowed lawyer and has two children Jem and Scout (narrator). This book shows what it's like to grow up as a kid in 1930's Alambama and how they deal with racism as children.Harper Lee takes you into the world of racism and clearly gives you images on how life was back in the 1930's. She gives you a mixture of personalities in her characters and also a rollercoster of emotions.The book is one of it's kind and I highly recommend you buy it and have a read.I give this book 10 out of 10 and I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did.
"This book was a wonderful one, once I started reading it I couldnt put it down. It really takes a deep look at racial issues in the South in the early 1900's. As Jem and Scout journey through having their father, Atticus, defend an african-american. I would recommend it to everyone!"
"...well, not really. But you should read this book like that statement was true. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is one of the best books I have ever read.The story is about a motherless tomboy named Scout who lives in a small town in Alabama and likes to play with her brother and friend, especially trying to learn more about their mysterious neighbor, Boo Radley. Their father, Atticus, is a wise, caring lawyer who has stirred up scandal for defending an African-American in court.Scout's voice is so well-written, you can almost hear her speaking to you in your ear...telling you about her childhood, how her brother, Jem, once ran up and actually TOUCHED the front door of Boo Radley's house. The story is really good. I would recommend this book to anyone."
"I would recommend this book mostly for its sumptious descriptions of the American South in the 1930s. Through Scout's tomboy eyes, we get a glimpse of societal customs, children's games, weather superstitions and a privileged's child's race observations all emulsified in the tastes and smells of the Deep South. The rich descriptions of the world around the narrator is in my view the novel's main strenght.That said, I must admit I was quite surprised at how one-dimensional and predictable the main characters were, and the main race issue is largely a mixture of the tiresome ""Uncle Tom"" phenomenon and white liberal smugness. I was quite dismayed that the black folks were portrayed as little more than good-natured simpletons with just the right amount of ""colored wisdom"", while the enlightened white minority (who, if you are a white reader, you are to identify yourself with) are the good and noble characters in an evil and prejudiced world.Furthermore, for good measure, the rednecks are given all the convenient charcteristics of being the truly evil representation of the white race, closely followed by the stereotypical white gossiping Ladies who ""sip their tea and eat their dainties"" and busy themselves with charity work while reiterating every cliched racial hypocracy imaginable.In my view, if Harper Lee had dared to infuse her characters with more realistic humanity and depth beyond Good and Evil, this would have been a more compelling and honest story about race relations. As the story stands, the white reader gets his white guilt assuaged by being able to identify himself with the saint, while the black reader gets little more than the charitable handout to feel good about himself simply because he belongs to a repressed group of good people. I am not quite sure which race should feel more insulted...That said, I still enjoyed other parts of the book. The children's fascination and impatient curiosity with the mysterious neighbor is delightful reading (even though this very person predictably ends up a hero). The narrator's notions of first love also feels genuine and compelling as does the close realtionship between the narrator and her older protective brother.All in all, I would recommended the book as a look into the adolescent culture of the rural South; however, I would stick to the history books when it comes to learning about the true nature of the extreme racism that polluted the area during this time period."
"I am a High School senior at D. Russel Lee Career Technology Center in Ohio, and I often look for books that I can find much interest in just by reading a review often located online.  I feel as if I can understand and find interestand info much concerning a book if I read peer reports on it initially, and I am here to add to the numbers. I have found much interest in the timeless novel To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee.  I originally chose this book due to I have heard discussion circulating all over about it, so I wanted to see what it was about.If you wish to learn and understand how the southern United States operated in the post Civil War Era you can take a look at a small Alabama town of Maycomb where life appears to be always tranquil but you could not be farther from the truth.  As Harper Lee depicts it, Maycomb is a town quiet to the unseeing eye, but upon closer inspection you will see that anything from innocent child meddling to a town family with a history of misfortune and bad demeanor.  As every town has its own ""ghost story,"" Maycomb has a story of a man by the name of Boo Radley.  This name is legend to the children Jem and Scout Finch who are locals neighboring the Radley house.  Throughout the story, these two, with the summerly assistance of their newly acquired friend Dill, attempt to make contact or witness Boo just to influence their curiosity and build their character.  Throughout the course of the story you will hear much of the father, Atticus Finch, being a well known and repected lawyer and seat of the Maycomb County Council, is appointed and must defend a negro man, Tom Robinson, who is accused  of beating and raping Ms. Mayella Ewell.So if you are interested in the post Civil-War Era involving partial racism and seeming duress, or to witness exploits of children in their seemingly innocent curiosity, or even a court case where sparks and bullets seem to constantly fly, then this is a story for you.I would like to take note for future readers that this story contains some harsh language as well as demeaning references to the negro race as well as acts not often seen in everyday life.  I would recommend this excellent novel to anyone any age you begin to read, as long as you take no major offense to the story line and passages containing what I have previously listed above."
"Harper Lee wrote long before the days of civil disobedience and is therefore a prophet to our times.  Civil disobedience is an option that occured far beyond the days of civi disobedience,  But it has a vital point.  We, as tax payers are not regulated by tax without repensentation.  Those guys (and they were male) fought for our democracy for freedom.  Although Pres.Bush has said that freedom was for all, our dilpomacy was cleary 'freedom for some"".  We know that as veterans.  Don't let the formal freedom for civil liberties be discounted.  Under US democracy, we are free."
"This book tries to do so much, and actually succeeds.  It combines mystery with morality and intrigue.  You cannot read this book and not be touched deeply by it.The basic story is seen through the eyes of a child.  This child's father is hired to represent a black man who is standing trial for raping a white woman in a racist town.Bottom line:  This book is excellently written and deeply moving.  One of the all-time bests."
"The main story of ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" tells the tale of Jem and Scout Finch, brother and sister and children of lawyer Atticus. When a young man is accused of the rape of a white woman, Atticus agrees, amidst tremendous controversy, to defend the accused in the town's court of law. During the lead up to the case Scout and Jem have to tolerate racial slurs and insults because of their fathers role. In spite of his brilliant performance in the courtroom and the overwhelming evidence against the white family's accusations the defendant is found guilty. He is later shot dead whilst in Prison.The issues of this book include poverty against wealth, racial separations and boundaries, relationships between people, religion and self-discovery. A book packed with issues is always thought provoking and this is no exception.There are three main characters in the book, Scout a tomboy who looses her temper a lot, Jem her older brother who is the more level-headed of the two and Atticus their laid back, gentle Dad. The book is written in Scouts perspective giving you an insight to her views of life. Other characters include Dill, a young boy that spends summers with Jem and Scout, Bob Ewell a nasty lazy drunkard whose daughter is the accuser from Atticus's case and Boo Radley. Boo Radley is the mysterious character that was once accused of stabbing his father in the leg with a pair of scissors.The style of this book is in the narrative of Scout. The genre of this book I think now is slightly dated and old.Personally I thought this book was interesting to read although probably only once. I think that this was because I found it really slow at the beginning but it did get gradually better towards the end as there is a big twist in the storyline. One good point to this book is that after reading this book your vocabulary is enriched with long completed words. I can understand the book but I am slightly unsure what all the fuss is about? Maybe when I'm older my interests will have changed and I will want to read this book a lot more? I mean don't get me wrong this book is well written and everything but considering it takes a lot of concentration to read it, it didn't really leave me with a satisfied feeling. I wasn't inspired."
"Through the innocent eyes of an 8 year-old child, Scout Finch and her older brother Jem are faced with the racism of society as their father, Atticus, defends a black man accused of rape.  This book reveals the ""norms"" of the time period and expresses realistically the various points of view.  The heroic figure, Atticus Finch, teaches his children the ways of the world and instills the values that are needed to become accepting and responsible adults.  Through some comedy and truth, the story conveys messages to the reader about life, racism and human emotion.  I recommend this book to all readers because it reaches to all levels."
"A book that covers everything from the lose of innocence to racial tensions in the 1930s, To Kill a Mockingbird is the perfect novel for all ages.  I really enjoyed this book told through the eyes of a young girl.  the only reason why i did not give this novel a 5 is because of its very slow start. It was kind of hard for me to get into it at first. Once i did get into the book at aroung the 3rd chapter, I could not put it down."
"This is not great literature, and I avoid teaching it at all costs. It's not even good reading. The characters are black and white two-dimensional cardboard cutouts. The rednecks are evil, the blacks are victims, and the self-righteous Atticus is too good to be true. There is nothing here to examine or explore. Critical thinking skills can be checked at the door. Moreover, if the lack of complexity and verisimilitude doesn't stick in your craw, then the insipid narration of the androgynous Scout will. This novel is popular due, in part, to the fact that the reader can feel morally superior to white trailer trash as he identifies with the demigod, Atticus. Shakespeare, the consummate craftsman of characterization, understood that even the evil (save Iago) have some redeeming qualities, and the good flaws. To Kill a Mockingbird is about as deep as a rain puddle."
"Set in the small, sleepy town of Maycomb, Alabama during the time of America's Great Depression, Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird tells of people's perspective into racism. Through the eye of Scout Finch, the young narrator, Harper Lee described the situation of Maycomb and its people, especially the ones closest to Scout, her father Atticus, and brother Jem.  Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white girl, is being defended by Atticus who is a lawyer. Tom Robinson symbolizes one of the mockingbirds of the story, an innocense looked down upon because of his race. Boo Radley, a metally retarded neighbor is constantly pestered by Scout and her brother because of their childish curiousity. They did not understand, however, that they were treating Boo with disrespect because of his differences.  The story goes on to describe the prejudice and racism that lives on depsite the bold kindness of the protagonist, Atticus Finch. Atticus told Scout that it is inside the court ""All men are created equal."" But outside on the street, people are not equal because of their differences. To Kill a Mockingbird symbolizes the attack on innocense because of their differences. You don't kill a mockingbird, because it does no sin."
"This story about a southern lawyer named Atticus and his family, Jem and Scout, is a wonderful, adventurous, heartfelt drama that teaches many life lessons. The story has two different plots. The first story is about Jem and Scout growing up in the 1930's. The story is being told by Scout, whose real name is Jean Louis Finch. Scout is a tomboy but very well educated. Scout lives with her brother, father, and black cook whose name is Calpurnia. The second plot is about Scout's father who is a lawyer in Macomb, Alabama and is from a well-respected local family. He had to raise his children alone and has taught them a strong sense of morality and fair play. During the 1930's there were great problems between the races, and he was one of the few commited to getting equality for both blacks and whites. He agrees to defend a black man charged with rape, exposing himself and his family to anger from the white community. A big part of the story focuses on the prejudices between African -Americans and the Whites in the southern states of the U.S.A. Scout remembers this summer in 1930 and tells it to us in the eyes of a child. She not only talks about the views of the white community, but also talks about the black community and gives important details of thier lives. This is a great book for all ages."
This book is the worst book in the world. I read half way through the book and gave up because it made no sence
"My review for this book (To Kill a Mockingbird) is that its not fake, its real.  It talks about true life lessons, and how you can deal with it and ignore the problems that surround you.  But overall it was a pretty good book.This book (To Kill a Mockingbird) is first about three kids Jem, Scout, and Dill.  One summer they were wondering what on earth happened to their neighbor Boo Radley who no one has seen for years.  He is supposed to be some kind of spooky figure, but they find out that he's not so spooky and is actually a kind of nice guy. Then it talks about  how their father (Jem, and Scouts dad)takes on a case defending a negro who is accused of raping a white girl.  Their dad gets all kind of ridicule,is critized, and even called names just because he was defending a black man.  But that doesnt bother him and he continues to believe in what and who he believes in.  But in the end the negro is end up shot, because he tried to escape from jail because he was in fact convicted of raping the white girl."
"The Pulitzer prizewinning novel To Kill a Mockingbird takes place in a small Alabama town.  The book covers Scout's life from age six till age nine.  Scout is a curious girl who is trying to understand and see the world through her father's eyes.  You watch though Scout's eyes as times change around her and how her life and the people around her change with it.  Scout learns there are many different sides to people, what they appear as and who they really are.  Read and see how her views change about her father, Mrs. Dubose, Aunt Alexandra, Arthur (Boo) Radley, Miss. Stephanie Crawford, Miss Rachel, Miss Mauidie, and the rest of the town.  I liked this book because it shows after the Civil War how African-Americans were still treated wrongly, and how grudges can hurt you and people around you.  It also shows you how we view each other and how views might not be true. This book is a great book to read and learn from. If you are looking for a classic book with a great plot I'd read To Kill a Mockingbird."
"I, like many, read _To Kill a Mockingbird_ for the first time in high school.  And no doubt, like many, was tepid about it - the book was ok, but nothing to get excited about.  Years later, with the benefit of some living, however, I have an entirely new appreciation for it.  Like good wine, the story improved with age.The story is a vivid description of the pre-civil rights south, with its rigid racial divisions and class structure.  The plot revolves around the alleged rape of a white girl by a black man and the trial that takes place.  Naturally the prejustices and social mores play an important part in the tale - as do the lessons Harper Lee has to teach about growing up and the injustices that life has.It is an American classic and Pulitzer Prize winner - but I think for most readers just entering adulthood, the beauty and honesty of the book is lost for a lack of years.  Read it again, years later and enjoy a whole other (more subtle) novel."
"The story of the hero Atticus Finch who defends a black man charged with the rape of a white woman. Told by young Scout Fincg, Harper Lee tells the story of a young white girl's exposure to racism in the south. To Kill a Mockingbird is a true heroic story that forces the reader to think and reflect."
"Harper Lee has created a fascinating literary character, Scout Finch, whose first person account of life in a sleepy, southern town as a young girl is rich with humor, drama and humanity itself.  The novel is a testimonial to Lee's love for her own father who serves as teacher, protector and reluctant hero; and, Lee's ability to immerse the reader in the depth of feeling between father and daughter is breathtaking.  Within this simple love story, Lee creates a stunning dichotomy that pits the purity and simplicity of childhood innocence against one of the darkest eras in southern American history when racial biases and violence ran deep and dark.  The novel's universal themes are truly studies in contrast:  humor versus tragedy; innocence versus guilt; good versus evil; ignorance versus truth.  Lee's character development is effortless and utterly believable, and leaves the reader pondering the futures of these beloved figures long after the last pages are read.  Lee weaves all of these elements together effortlessly, and never forgets that the heart of the novel is one of pure, simple love."
"""It's a sin to kill a mockingbird.""  These words were said by Atticus Finch to his children Jem and Scout.  The theme of the book was set around this quote.  I enjoyed this book because of the way it progresses.  Unlike alot of books, it follows the lives of the Finch family over a time period of two to three years.  It shows how everyone matures physically and emotionally.  The book is very descriptive, letting the reader picture the story as it is happening.  One of my favorite parts of the book is when Atticus Finch is in court defending a young black man accused of raping a white girl.  Many of the people in the community dislike Atticus for taking the case.  The one person who stuck by him through the whole case was his son Jem.  Jem was worried after his father had an incident with Mr. Ewall, the father of the girl who was raped.  In a conversation with his son, Atticus says, ""So, if spitting in my face and threatening me saved Mayella Ewall one extra beating, thats something I'll gladly take. He had to take it out on somebody and I rather it be me than that housefull of children out there."" (pg. 211) This really showed that Atticus is not afraid to stand up for what he believes in.  He risks his family and reputation for one man.  The part that I thought was very significant, happened towards the end.  Scout said, ""Naw, Jem, I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks."" (pg. 227) This shows that Scout is a better person than the rest of her community to stand up for what she thinks is right.  She thought that whites and blacks were equal.  She also showed good character for respecting her father for the man that he was, which was honest and hard working.  I really enjoyed this book and recommend it to all readers."
"I enjoyed reading To Kill A Mockingbird. Not only was this novel immediately interesting, but it taught important lessons about life. One of those lessons, was overcoming racism. Throughout the novel Tom Robinson is the obvious example of racism, but less obvious, is the treatmeant of Boo Radley. Boo is not treated poorly because of his skin color, but because he is considered an ""outkast"". Throughout the novel Scout has to learn to recognize racism, and to realize that society's views of people are not always correct. A quote that shows Scout being taught this is found in Chapter 3 on page 33, when Atticus states ""You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view...until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.""Another major roll in this novel was the developing innocence of the children. Throughout the novel we are viewing Scout's morals developing into a more ""grown-up"" point of view. At first, Scout plays games with her brother Jem and neighbor Dill, mocking the Radleys. However, as the novel progresses, she starts to think of Boo Radley as a human being, instead of a form of entertainment.Another roll in this novel was played by scoical standings. The importance of social standings constantlt understand the ignorance  of the townspeople. I believe that the quote said by Atticus in Chapter 10 page 109, ""Remember, it's a sin to kill a mockingbird,"" shows that Atticus wants his children to understand that people should be given their privacy, and not discussed throughout the town because of their short comings.Other than the lessons in this book, another great aspect of it is the setting. The town is introduced in Chapter 1 on page 2, as ""An old town, but it was a tired old town when I first knew it."" I believe that this quote was the perfect way to describe Maycomb. It shows that at first, the town is innocent, like Scout, but also foreshadows that the town, and Scout will develope into a more comlex exisctence. Anoher important part of this book was the characters. The characters were well developed and were very complex. I felt like the Finches were a real life family, one that I could truly understand, and one that over the course of the novel I actually grew to care about.If you enjoyed reading To Kill A Mockingbird, then I would recommend the book I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, by Maya Angelou. The plot about racism is similar and the styles of writing are equally intriguing."
"To Kill A Mockingbird, is one of my all time favorite books. I recommend this book to anyone that enjoys reading and a good book. I think that all of us who have read the book love the fact that the main character and narrator is a little southern girl named, Scout. The whole book is seen through the eyes of this witty tomboy and this makes the book truly enjoyable. The story is about two children, Scout and Jem, and their journeys over the next two summers. During the summers the children learn major life lessons and what it is really like to live in the southern part of the United States, where racism and segragation is still very present. Harper Lee does a wonderful job of using symbolism and protrays each character as if they were real. This book is definatly the MUST read book of this century.On a more personal note, this is actually my favorite book. Lee does a wonderful job of protraying each character and makes you feel like you are right there with them. This book was almost like a slap in the face for me, before I read it, I wasn't really mature enough to understand what it was like to live in the south, and after reading it, I finally realized all the trouble and pain that the African-Americans has to go through. For me personally this is the second most influential book, only coming second to the Bible. I definatly think that ever child should be made to read this book because it teaches so many needed life lessons and it is so much easier for a child to understand these lessons because they are being told by a child and it is brought down to our level of understanding."
"there are a lot of great books out there but i just hate this book .. when you start reading the novel it becomes really boring not to mention how long it is. I would recommend ""the catcher in the rye"""
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a must read.  It is a story of two children Jem and Scout from Maycomb County growing up and experiencing new things.  Engenius and talented, these two explore Maycomb through couple of summers, learning and developing.  Harper Lee uses very good symbolism and portrays the characters in a style that the characters seem to be really alive.Exciting and mysterious this book will take you down to the the south where you will experience racism and compromise.  Each day for the two characters is an adventure and their wise father and many neighbors make life exciting, especially Arthur Radley.  The two experience loss, hatred, love, and understanding and they soon realize their place in the world and why things happen."
"This beautiful story has it all if you love GOODNESS, TRUTH AND BEAUTY.  I will not repeat what has been said here hundreds of times but only offer my humble opinion on one thing.Atticus cared more about TRUTH and JUSTICE than he did about the opinions of neighbors and the world.  If you would like to read a non-fiction that could have been written by Atticus, please consider HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD.  It was written by a lawyer who, like Atticus, cares more about Truth than money and popularity."
"After reading the phenominal novel ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", I can definitely understand why it has been named a classic.  This book is packed with lessons and morals, has great character development, and leaves a lasting impression on the reader.  One of the reasons I enjoyed this novel is because I admired the character Atticus, for his good character and strong convictions.  He was presented with defending an African American man in an extremely segregated town, and although it was guaranteed he would lose no matter how convincing his trial was, he still took it on as if he had a fair chance of winning, and put up an amazing argument.  I also loved how he put his heart into his trial, and really stood up for his belief against prejiduce.  Even with practically the whole town believing themsleves superior to people of other colors, Atticus had good morals, and fought for what was just.  Scout was another character I particularly liked, because she was rambunctious, stubborn and independant.  She demonstrated how a young girl can really make a difference and have an impact on peoples lives.  Gem also showed unique character changes as he went through adolescence throughout the novel.  His personailty starting off soft and kind and then trasnforming to tough and boyish was an example of great character development, and amusing as well.  Overall this book taught me so much about standing up for what you believe in and the realities of prejiduce.  I also learned from Boo Radley that you cannot judge a person until you know them.  The trial also intrigued me because I have an interest in law.  The only reason I would not give it 5 stars is because some parts were slow and uninteresting, where it was hard for me to read on.  Aside from that minor negative, so much can be derived from this novel and I definitely reccomend it."
This book is powerful and compelling...Lee's story is classical fiction at its best...very powerful message..My only gripe is u can tell the ending about 40 pages before you actually read it and u know the fate of the trial probably before u read the book.If u havent read this book i highly suggest it...and if ur still in school i would suggest reading it for fun before u have to do assignments on it and it ruins it for u.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is definitely one of my all time favorite books. It teaches everyone a great lesson about being prejudice to other people of a different race. It shows that even kids like Scout and Jem are aware of these issues and can be bigger people about the issue than some adults. They also face other hardships in their life other than prejudice. Scout is always being pressured into being lady like and not to play with the boys and what they do. That is not what Scout is like though, she likes she be with her brother and his friend and do what he wants do to. She doesn't like to be with other girls have tea parties. She is one very unique girl. I can relate to her in this way, because nobody wants to be girly all the time. Sometimes you have to be different from other people. Nobody wants to sit up straight all the time and be nice and pretty. Being different isn't bad all the time.  Both Jem and Scout have to deal with having no mother and living with only their father and their caretaker. They are very different characters but that is what makes them so interesting. This book has a clear lesson, that we should treat every person with the same amount of respect. We shouldn't treat people of a different race differently. They are the same on the inside as everybody else. I think if you're looking for a good book to read this would be the one to choose."
"I read this book in my freshmen english class in high school.  No other book comes close to this one.  This is definitely my favorite book.  I'm glad that high school english classes introduced me to reading classics.  I don't think that I would've read this book if it were not assigned.  I liked how the book is told in Scout's perspective.  Both the book and the movie are great.  If you haven't read this, READ IT NOW!  This should be on everyone's reading list."
"I am sorry to say that it took me this long to read this wonderful book.  I won't give away any plot, because it would bore those who know about it and ruin some of it for those who aren't familiar with the story.  This is a deeply rich text consisting of many beautiful relationships.  I was especially touched by the brother/sister relationship that goes through changes during the time-frame of the book, but always comes back to a very caring and loving place.  I loved the innocence of the characters and how they are slowly learning what the world is about. The mystery of Boo is so tangible in my mind; I played those games myself.  However, in all the beauty of the town, the folks and the family there is an ugly undercurrent that drives the story.  While many parts of the story are sad, I was left with a feeling of great hope and love.  Harper Lee has written a novel still relavent today, over 40 years after its original publishing.  This is an amazingly moving story."
"To Kill A Mocking Bird To Kill A Mocking Bird the books author is Harper Lee.  The genre of  To Kill A Mocking Bird  is historical fiction.  The style of the book is set in the south in the 1930?s and the author uses all the slang that was being used during this time period.  As the reader, you experience the1930?s through one of the main characters, Scout.  The setting of the book is a small town in Alabama.  The book gives the reader an idea of what small town life was like when a controversial event occurs.  The courtroom scenes in the book take the reader through the climax of the story.  During this portion of the story, you start to understand the whole book , all of the characters and their roles.The main characters of the book are Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, Calpurnia and Aunt Alexandria.  Jem and Scout meet Dill early on in the book, they work together to get Boo Radley out of the house.  Scout starts school and she gets into a fight with some of the boys because her father Atticus is involved in a big case, he is defending a black man.  Atticus was called to an emergency board meeting to make budget cuts.  Jem and Scout went with Calpurnia to her church and when they came back, their Aunt Alexandria was on their doorstep.Their aunt brings a lot of change into the lives of Jem and Scout.  During this summer, Jem and Dill started to exclude Scout form their presence. Scout spends more time with Miss. Maudie.  One day Jem, Dill, and Scout decide to go and try to peak in the Radely house.  Jem and Scout get into more trouble when Miss. Dobuse starts to talk about their father.I think the author did a great job with making the story interesting by foreshadowing.  Like when Atticus says it is a sin to kill a mockingbird.  I would recommend this to others because there is a lot to be learned from this book.  I think that more mature people would like this book because of the content of the book."
"In this book to kill a mockingbird by Harper Lee is a very good book. It is very good literature that all students should read. It symbolizes racism and to kill a mockingbird is a sin. A mockingbird is a bird that does nothing wrong. It sings nice songs to people to enjoy. It doesnt eat your garden or anything bad it is just a bird that is for your enjoyment.  In this book Tom Robinson is a black man who is accused of raping a nineteen year old girl Mayella Ewell. This book is told by Jean Louise Finch A.K.A Scout. Her brother Jem and friend Dill run around together in the summer and try to get Boo Radley out of his house. Atticus is her dad and he is defending Tom Robinson.  There are two parts of this book. In the first part the auther explains the different characters, what they do and how they act. It gives you some backgroung about the boo kand it helped me a lot. I like how she did it because when the book started getting good i could follow along very easily. This book doesnt start getting good until the end but it is like when you read it you keep wanting to so you can find out what happens next.  I think this book is very good because it tells you a lot and the auther did a good job writing it. It was easy to follow along so it was more fun to read. I would recommend it to any buddy to read but more for the people that like history because it takes place in the 30's and it tells you what is going on then. I think it is a very good book.(But the movie isnt very good.)"
"The book is about a killer and a man who was accused of raping a woman, The part I didn't like was where the dog was shot, and I like when that little girl who talks like an adult was wearing the ham costume, and the part when she tries to bite Boo. I recommend this book because I think that it was a good story, but if you dont want to read you should just watch the movie.  The movie is the same as the book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a brilliant novel, portraying the intricacies of Southern life during the early 1900s.  The plotline, consisting of the experiences of a eight-year-old girl, Scout, and her family, seems so simple, yet Harper Lee creates a much deeper understanding of love and hate.Describing the events from the viewpoint of a young girl made the story much more fascinating because adults and even teenagers forget how innocent and pure a child's mind is.  Although fictional, this story was so realistic and honest in Southern ways, and I realized that that's how life really was back then: harsh and unforgiving.  This book really made me laugh out loud, sense friendship and hatred, but most of all, stop and reflect.  Because of this novel, I feel a great deal of appreciation for our world today."
"When my mother first recommended Harper Lee?s To Kill a Mockingbird to me, I was quite reluctant to read it.  I had tried once before, but I was impatient with it, and the story seemed slow.  All the plot consists of is a girl and her brother in a slow-moving southern town.  Boring, I thought to myself. Interestingly, now that I have actually focused on the book, it is one of the most thought-provoking books that I have read.  It is not about incredible quest and danger, sorcery and knights, or massive wars.  In fact, it is a story about young girl?s small ventures, which in perspective are great adventures and challenges.  Jean-Louise Finch, better known as Scout, narrates the story with interesting and colorful intricacy. she tells her many tales with a viewpoint that cannot be replicated by an adult.  Attempting to catch a glimpse of the infamous maniac, Boo Radely, with her brother Jem and summertime cohort Dill becomes a great mission with twisted plans.  Consulting her all-knowing father Atticus turns into conferring with a great wise man.  All this woven into her attempts to understand the stubbornness and prejudice of the adult world makes for a wonderfully deep story.  All through the book, what at first seems like a slow plot evolves into a simple yet intriguing plot that will keep you reading.  Though probably not a book for those who don?t read a lot, specifically kids, it definitely will catch the eyes and trigger the mind of most avid readers.  A great book, strongly recommended."
"I was assigned this book for a reading assignment and me and the guy who sat next to me seemed to be the only ones who hated the book out of the whole class and we sit right infront of the teachers desk so we gave her heck all day! lol  anyway... I seriously dislike this book!  It is very boring... you'll be reading a conversation and then all of a sudden Scout will jump in and ramble on for pages with stupid pointless information about something that doesn't even have to do with the story... usually about the very dull and boring city of maycomb.  The book would only be about 150 pages without all that!!  Some parts I seriously just wanted to scream it was so boring!!!  There is SO MUCH random junk that when we got to our reviews and tests, I couldn't even remember half of the little things that happened in the book.  To make a long story short, this book is no 'work of art' and I STRONGLY suggest picking something else!!"
"This book is SO AMAZING! It's a flawless piece of work. I wouldn't change a thing about it. Atticus is the model adult, lawyer, and father of every era, and the innocence of his young children is beautifully captured. So, if you like reading classic novels with beautiful symbolism, READ THIS BOOK!"
"I really liked this book.  It was very well written.  The characters were well done and interesting and there was quite a bit going on in the plot despite the book's short length.I really liked that the story began before the characters got involved in the main plot.  I was able to get a sense of the characters lives before they were changed by the events in the book.  The characters were all very well written, I really felt like I was sharing the experiences with them instead of just being a spectator.  I thought Atticus' character may have been just a bit too perfect, but it didn't bother me that much.I didn't have the really strong feelings about this book that I have seen from others, but I still think it is very good.  And I would recommend it to anyone who wants to read a good, interesting story."
"This is my all-time favorite book (and I am an avid reader) for SOOO many reasons.  To Kill a Mockingbird opens the readers eyes to a whole new world.  Many books express racial oppression and attitudes towards it, and how to do what is morally right, but this book takes on a whole new perspective.  Writing it through a child's eyes is an ingenius way to tell this tale.  The characters are incredibly real and heartfelt.  The entire story is gripping, and I can never put the book down.  I've read it so many times I had to get a new one just so I could still read it.  I LOVE THIS BOOK!  I think you will too!"
"I was assigned to read this book over the summer for my freshman year of high school. At first I was apprehensive, school books never seemed to be enjoyable and I was sure that this one would be just like the rest. However as I began to venture further into the story I began to realize that this wasn't like ""all the other school books.""By the time I had finished the book I was sure this would forever be one of my favorites.I have yet to see the movie but anxiously await to in the very near future.I recommend this book to everyone and anyone. It's a incredible novel."
"This book was a reading assignment in my L.A.-S.S. class. ( That Meens Language Arts / Social Studies ) At first I din't even want to read it, now, I am recomending it to my friends. It truly is a classic.I enjoyed the book, and the movie.Truly great.A must read for anyone interested in reading great liturature. ( Now I need to wrighte a review on a spelling book, because mine is bad, anyway, back to the review....)Anyway, great book."
"i love this book, it is one of my favorites, don't listen to that !@#$$% %^#%^^#@#%^#^##%^#$#% guy who gave it 2 stars"
"This story is about a trial in a small town in Alabama and how it affects the locals, especially the narrator, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, her older brother, Jeremy Atticus ""Jem"" Finch, and their widowed father, Atticus Finch.  Other characters include the Finch family's housekeeper and nanny, Calpurnia, their neighbors, Miss Maudie Atkinson, Mr. Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, and his father, Nathan Radley.  The trial is about a black man, named Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a white girl.  Excellent reading."
"I had to read this for Year 11 English (I'm 16), and it's going to be in our exam at the end of the year. The thing is, I've read the book, and we watched the film in class, but I still don't understand it!I gave it 3 stars because I didn't understand what the author was trying to mean, with what she says. I also don't get some of the stuff they say in the book, cuz the way they speak in Alabama is weird.My favourite character in the book is Scout, cuz she's the main one and she was cute in the movie. I also like Atticus, Scout and Jem's father. Aunt Alexandra is really annoying, and I have no idea why she's even in the book.The part about the court case was interesting (but more so in the movie), and the funniest part was when Scout had to dress up in the ham costume.I would have rated this higher if I'd understood it better. But still, it's a good book, it's one of the ""classics"" that everyone reads at some point and I'd recommend it to adults (cuz I'm a teen, and I don't get it)."
I am sorry. Although this book is hailed as something amazing. I was not impressed. Had it not been for the interesting Boo Radley Character this book would be a waste of paper.
"I've probably read over 1,000 novels and though I love to read them, very few get my unqualified approval.  When a novel breaks into my top ten, it's a big event.  When a novel contends for my number one spot, it's an earth-shaking event in my world of books.  Such was the case when I recently read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" for the first time.The writing and the novelistic construction are near-perfect.  But it was the emotional evocativeness that impressed me the most.  The characters of Scout, Jem, Atticus, Calpurnia, and several others are flawless.  This is a masterful work of art.So much has been said about this book in the many reviews here, I will add only this observation.  I think readers are often too young when they read this book for the first time to fully appreciate all its merits.  It's not a difficult read, and the moral lessons are so obvious and impressive that young readers do appreciate the book, and I feel it is good that they read it.  But other features, such as the fine and subtle nuances of the relations among the children, and between the children and the adults, are not fully appreciated by the younger readers.  Therefore this book should be read again (and again) at various points in one's life.  It will reveal greater nuance and depth with more mature readings.This is a book for the ages.  Thank you Harper Lee."
"To Kill A Mockingbird makes it�s mark mostly through illustrating small southern life in Alabama and exposing the reader to the prejudices that pervade not only the 1930s but the times we live in.  The story is told through the eyes of Jean Louise Finch (also known as �Scout�), and, as a child of only eight, she shares (in looking back) her ideas of family life and the rich history of Maycomb.Harper Lee�s depiction of 1930s South racial prejudice is a powerful one. Atticus Finch is clearly the hero of the novel,  defending a black man on trial for raping a white woman.  A widowed father, he teaches Jem (his son) and Scout lessons in life, one of the most paramount being to �walk in another�s shoes� to understand life from their viewpoint. Jem and Scout take many of these lessons in stride and try to impress upon themselves being civilized and respectful all of society.Another aspect of the novel is the mystery surrounding Boo Radley and his spooky house.  Boo Radley represents all the bad rumors of the Maycomb community, and yet, most of these are unjustifiable. Scout, Jem and their friend Dill are obsessed with discovering exactly who Boo is.Although the novel is primarily small town in nature, the themes encompass everything we deal with today as a society, namely discrimination and prejudice. Through the trial of Tom Robinson, we see Atticus worthy of great respect for standing up to the ideas of a narrowed-minded community. The Finch family also must deal with the man whose daughter is the alleged victim in the case, Bob Ewell. (Bob Ewell represents the ignorance of a small town).Perhaps what makes the book timeless is not only its theme in the general sense, but the final speech by Atticus during the closing arguments. This oration is built up over a long trial, and it is worthy of the time it takes to get there. (Although, I think Gregory Peck made this scene come to life more in the movie).A reader may frown at the many tidbits of detail given to establishing the Southern way of life, especially in the initial chapters, but the book progresses to a point where the reader wants to know the fate of Tom Robinson, Atticus and the rest of the Finches. This book is a classic because it delves into modern topics, a central issues that certainly we all must come to terms with: discrimination and lack of equality."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird is a novel that one remembers with upmost integraty and satisfaction. In short, To Kill a Mocking Bird is a novel that explores racism, prejudice, economic hardship and social inequity all through the eyes of a child, who,in this case known as Scout. How a writer explains all these themes through a somewhat simple-minded infant is not only genious, but entertaining and profoundly unique. Through the well educated mind to the verbally effeciant voice box i say Well done Harper lee !"
"A wonderful book for young adults, full of moral wisdom and coming of age nostalgia. I actually enjoyed the first half exposition more, with its childhood cycle of school years and long hot summers filled with games and stratagems for luring out the mysterious Boo Radley. Of course, Atticus Finch shines as a timeless moral icon, and the tragedy of the Tom Robinson case was a lesson much needed during the early Civil Rights days. However, in purely literary terms, I thought the message came across as rather preachy and heavy-handed, especially in the false ingenuousness of some of the children's conversations on race and social justice.I'm in my 30's and somehow missed this book during my adolescence, nonetheless I can see why it has long been required reading for so many high schoolers."
"I can't believe that I never read this in high school. Then again, I don't think that the people in my Alabama hometown have changed their mind much about black people since the 1930s when this book was set. The parents of my classmates would have wanted to censor this book for its cuss words and references to sex. Small town Alabama has changed a lot since this book was written in many ways but not at all in others. To quote from the book: ""You're not gonna change any of them by talkin' right, they've got to want to learn themselves, and when they don't want to learn there's nothing you can do but keep your mouth shut or talk their language."" My personal choice was to keep my mouth shut and to get out of there!Harper Lee paints a portrait of small town Alabama with its varying social classes. Below even the class that lives on the outskirts of the city dump is the class of the black people in the town. To Kill A Mockingbird is a story told from the viewpoint of children who had not been tainted with this social phobia and who had learned from their father, Aticus, to view each of these groups equally. Still, their curiosity about these different groups lead them beyond their own imaginations into the real world as they encounter people from each of these social classes. They invite a boy home for lunch who has no lunch of his own, they visit a black church with their housekeeper when their father is away on business, and they try to make contact with the next door neighbor who hasn't been seen for 20 years.Then the children are unexpectedly plunged into world of intolerance where the town's adults live when a black man is accused of a crime he didn't commit. Their father is appointed as the black man's lawyer and the children hide in the balcony to witness the trial first-hand. They are shocked and dismayed by the townspeople's inability to see past the man's skin color to aquit him for his alleged crime. In response to the children's reaction, their black housekeeper says, ""They've done it before and they'll do it again and when they do it -- seems that only the children weep."" How amazingly profound!What a wonderful book!"
"What HASN'T been said about this book? First of all, Harper Lee is a talented author, her writing is highly developed and somewhat eloquent. It's a simple book about a simple town, so there are no jaw-dropping sentences of literary prowness. Let's face it, this is not James Joyce.O.K., so the book is simple, but is it a good read? Yes. The reason it is so well-loved is because of Atticus Finch, who is a well-balanced, educated, and moral man amongst ignorant, uneducated, racist farm folk. The trial is also well written and enthralling, and the unfairness of racism is well portrayed.One of the greatest books of the twentieth century? Not even close. One of the most well-loved? Definitely. Few hate it, but for those who dive deep into literature: it doesn't live up to the hype."
"Remarkable, yes that is what I can say about Haper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird."" It takes you deep into the roots of human behavior and bigotry, showing, in the long run who we really are, why we are the way we are and who we truly come from. This book is hands-down, the best book I have ever read."
I recently read this book for an honors english assignment. I loved the book. I think everyone who gets the oppertunity should definatly read this one!
"After watching the AFI's ""Heros & Villians In movies"" countdown, and seeing Atticus Finch beat out all movie heros, I had to read this again.  I highly recommend this as a purchase.Atticus Finch is the open minded lawyer and father to Jem, who is thirteen yrs. old, and Jean Louise, or 'Scout', who is 9.Harper lee's story of the southern family and the southern ways of the 1960's is fantastically well written and to this day, in July 2003, still holds up amazingly well.  She can really tell a story!  While the ""ways"" of the townsfolk is to totally cast out other races and look down on them, Atticus and his bright children have open arms and open minds. This especially happens when Atticus, a defense attorney, is standing up for Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman.While there is much sadness throughout, the novel as a whole is just so brightly written.  Narrated by our little friend, Scout and seen all through her eyes, we get to know her and her family and about justice.I was sucked in to the world of Scout's, and was utterly blown away by all that took place.  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a true classic. It's written for everyone and it's an awesome story told. Thank you to Harper Lee for creating this masterpiece!"
"This book was very well written!  It is yet the best book I have ever read.  Harper Lee is a wonderful author!  This book made me want to keep turning the page, and never put the book down.  Atticus never once gave up on that case.  Even though it ruined his reputation he kept at it.  It showed me that sometimes you may be rediculed for something, but keep at it.  Fighting for what you believe in is the theme of this book in my opinion.  When Scout and Jim found the items in the tree it showed them that someone cared.  I recommend this book for anyone who is up for a great classic book.  It isn't too long of a book, and it leaves you amazed.  It puts a thought into your head that I cannot describe.  It shows that we all face humility at some points in our lives, but to face those points with courage and bravery.  Look life in the face."
I read this knowing that it was commonly read among high schoolers for literature class.  What I did not expect was that this book would be one of the best written novels I would ever encounter.  I highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone who might read this review.  It is simply a beautifully written and unforgettable story.
"As a lawyer and writer born before the first edition of this book was published, I'm embarrassed to say I never read To Kill a Mockingbird until the fortieth anniversary edition came out (even my fifteen-year-old had read it). But I'm glad I waited. I don't think I would have enjoyed or appreciated it nearly as much in my youth. What a treat!The book starts slowly, but draws the reader in by the end of the first chapter. Without exception, the characters are intriguing. Scout, the young girl who narrates the story, is a particularly compelling and sympathetic character. Author Harper Lee gives her a youthful perspective without patronizing.The story is enlightening and entertaining. It accomplishes these dual feats with minimal moralizing. A few passages did make me cringe, such as the ""enlightened"" neighbor's there-but-for-the-grace-of-God thankfulness that she wasn't born black. But I suspect those passages reflect the views of the period, and are as instructive as the story itself.No need to say the writing is masterful; the Pulitzer Prize gives away that little secret. I particularly enjoyed the scene in which Atticus Finch is called out to confront a rabid dog. It's as chilling and suspenseful as anything in today's movies -- without the gore and unnecessary violence.To Kill a Mockingbird reflects the best and worst of American sensibilities in the twentieth century. We would do well to remember its lessons in the twenty-first.Harper Lee was right in insisting against a long introduction to the fortieth anniversary edition; this American classic stands on its own."
"When i read,  I like a book that keeps me wondering, exploring, and guessing. And to me those are the strenghts of this book. The author starts out giving you an review of the family, friends and businesses. Then the author goes to one of the main focuses of the story; the Radley's. Whenever she( Haper Lee, the author) began to talk about the Radley family or about the Boo Radley, who is an important but quiet character, my interest level would go from dull to the level oh... oh... tell me more.  If i had to rate this book from 1-10, would give it an 7. I would rate it a 7 because thi book kept me interested but but not enough to keep every reader hooked."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a novel based on the childhood of a young girl. Bob Ewell, Boo Radley, Tom Robinson and Scout were all main characters. Bob Ewell is a mean, racist man who accuses Tom of raping his daughter. Boo Radley is a retarded, crazy person, so the children fear him. Tom Robinson is a black man who is trying to survive in the town with racism problems. Scout is the young girl who tells the story of what happens in her town. Bob has problems with Tom, so he said that he saw Tom rape his daughter. Scout has problems with Boo because she wanted to be friends and he didn't. My favorite character is Scout, because she wanted to know who Boo Radley really is, and she was determined to find out.If I could relate to a character in the story, it would be Atticus. Atticus is a man who took up the challenge of a new type of legal case. He, a white man, is willing to defend a black man. Atticus took the challenge because if he doesn't than he couldn't hold up his head in town, and he couldn't hold his morals and principals. He felt that Tom Robinson was innocent, and he knew that Tom wasn't going to be found innocent by the people. I am also taking up a challenge to become a U.S. Marine. I want to challenge myself to this because it will be a good thing for me. I want to be able to learn leadership, self-reliance, new skills, honesty and loyalty.I like the book. My favorite part is when the Ewell kids sat on the black side of the court, because they wanted to hear the decision of the judge. They knew Tom was innocent. At that point the town was convinced that Tom Robinson was not guilty of the crime. My least favorite part is when Mr. Nathan Radley fills the tree hole with cement. He did it because he doesn't like little kids to be playing with his property. Jem and Scout were mad that he covered the hole because they left a chain, a knife and a watch there. Mr. Nathan Radley was just being mean person toward kids that get near his property. In this story, I would change the way Boo Radley is. He didn't deserve to be like this. He was a good boy but had problems with his head. He was lost in his own little world and his parents just made his life worst.I would recommend this book to others, because it's good for people to read. It's very interesting with lots of detail about life in the old South. People will re-think about life back in the day after they read this book. Everyone will like this book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a book that most American students will have to read. And for good reason; Lee writes in such a way that there are no lies and only truths. She writes from the perspective of an eight year old girl, who is, if nothing else, a tomboy. She describes the most subtle extremes that only children would see that way. It is the perfect story of a family in the south, where prejudice is the story of the peoples' lives. The book doesn't hint where the plot is going or what it is, it just happens. This book is great, and I suggest all students should read it if they already haven't."
"This novel To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee, describes the courage and fear many of the characters display throught the book.The books setting was in the 1900's when racisim and diffrences made a border between black and white.The main character is a white girl named Scout in a small town in Maycomb County,Alabama.Scout's father, Atticus, is a lawyer and can tackle any case that comes his way.News spread throught the county that a black man had  took advantage of a white woman.That woman was a part of a bad family and needed some attention.Atticus was appointed to defend that man, Tom Robinson.Will the countys differences be set aside for a mans future?Did this black man take advantage or did she cry wolf because of his race?The truth will come out in To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee."
"I feel that 5 star reviews are given a bit too often on amazon. However, here is a book that deserves every one. This is just a fantastic story. I first read this in Highschool and did not really care for it. I picked it up again and wow! Harper Lee's writing is simple, humorous, touching, nostalgic in tone, always bringing you more and more, step by step, into her world. At the end I found myself on the inside, looking out, not wanting to return to the real world."
"A few novels moved me thus. Narrated by a child, the book moves in a slow, but sure pace through the life and times of 1930s Alabama town, the treacheries and hypocrisies of grown up world becoming evident to a child. The narrative ""kills you softly"", till tears sparkle in your eyes, for the novel is written in a very meaningful style, in a way where events, ideas and words touch your heart, stir you into thinking, and on the surface the author seems to be going around telling a very simple story, and that too in plain English, straightforward sentences.Recommended reading for everyone!"
"This book describes 1930fs America. The scene is Alabama. Main characters are Atticus, Jem and Scout. This book is about Jem and Scoutfs growth through some events like their father, Atticus, worked for a black man and relationship between Scout, Jem and Boo Radley who stayed for many years inside in his house. I strongly recommend this book. Because this book has deep thought about prejudice and discrimination to black people at that time. In this book, white people in the city considered black people to be criminals. The scariest thing is that they didnft aware that they discriminate. Against these problems, Atticus fought proudly. It changed people around him. He has really good, fair personality. After reading this book, you will wish that I had a father like Atticus Because I thought so."
"This book describes 1930fs America. The scene is Alabama. Main characters are Atticus, Jem and Scout. This book is about Jem and Scoutfs growth through some events like their father, Atticus, worked for a black man and relationship between Scout, Jem and Boo Radley who stayed for many years inside in his house. I strongly recommend this book. Because this book has deep thought about prejudice and discrimination to black people at that time. In this book, white people in the city considered black people to be criminals. The scariest thing is that they didnft aware that they discriminate. Against these problems, Atticus fought proudly. It changed people around him. He has really good, fair personality. After reading this book, you will wish that I had a father like Atticus Because I thought so."
"I first read this book at about 11 because I had heard it was a good one.  I hated it.  However, about 2 years later, I had to read it for a school project and I absoulty LOVED it!  This is a wonderful, bittersweet novel about growing up in the South around the 50's and having to choose between reputation and jusitce.  I highly reccomend this book to anyone and everyone, however, wait till you're at least 12 to fully enjoy this wonderful story for what it really is."
"Harper Lee told a great story with this book about the way things were in the 30's.  Racism, poverty, and peer pressure were all expressed very well in the story, and it accurately depicts the struggles of standing up for an unpopular cause.  I had to read this for my freshman English class a few years ago, and I'm glad that I did because it's a great story with a good message behind it--don't judge a man until you know the man."
"The book was an exceptional book in my opinion.  The plot to me was fantastic.  It had a lot of action and movement, espeacially when it came to the trial.  With the tense and suspenseful moments it went well with my liking.  I would recommend this thrill shocker to everyone out there.  The ending was also amusing, when Bob Ewell tried to kill Jem.  It gave ne a new outlook about life and the way people should be treated.  The beginning was very slow and boring, but the action rose as the story went on.  The book was exciting to me and will b e for you.  This is my review on To Kill A Mockingbird.  Yours Truely,  Mr. Harold Lee"
"I thought this was a really great book. I was totally exciting with alot of action. There is no wonder that it has gotten so many awards. Some things that I liked about To Kill A Mockingbird are the accents of the characters. Some things things I didn't like about it was the ending. I would definately reccommend it to anyone who is mature enough to understand the complexity of the novel. My favorite character is Scout because she is so innocent and she speaks her mind. Harper Lee brought up the subject of racism in a very unique manner. I case you don't want to read the book, you could always watch the movie which is also excellant and sticks to the plot very closely. I think that To Kill A Mockingbird deserves 4 1/2 stars, but unfortunately you can't do that on this website so I made it 4 stars! Thank-you! Bye!"
"I think that to kill a mockingbird is a great book for an older group of readers. I have this thought because the events in this book are based on racial issues that happened in earlier years, and as younger readers we have no recolection of what is happening. As for the older readers these kind of issues are are not hard to recall beacause in the time period they were growing up in racisim was not uncomon so while reading this they have empathy for what the writer is saying and know where she is coming from. So when i was reading this book some areas were hard to undderstand having never  experienced the racial remarks and racisit actions that the characters go through and participate in. So i think that if i was older and had any reference to what is happening i think that i would enjoy this book but as a kid i do not recomend it to the younger audiences."
"I give To Kill A Mockingbird 3 stars because of several reasons. One reason why I give this book 3 stars is because I really didn't enjoy the book (no offense). The story didn't really interst me like other books have done. Although the story was not the best. I still enjoyed reading (just) the beginning part and when there was ""sudden"" action taking place. However I believe the lowest part of the book was the ending. there were most parts where I didn't understand or like, Even though I didn't really enjoy the book, the best part about this book was the them; the theme was how racism was taken into effect. Reading the book really gave me a different outlook on racism and how people (different) are treated. I believe that to read this book the reader must be a little order so that they will understand the story better."
"I think that To Kill a Mockingbird is a fantastic book that deserves 4.5 stars. To Kill a Mockingbird is mysterious, sad, joyful, adventrueous, and heartfelt. And of course the book would not be conplete without the wonderful characters. For Lee Harper only writing onw book, she did a terrifantisticalful job by all means. The characters were life-like and full of warmth. She describes each event as though she was actually living in Alabama at the time. I would definitly recommend to other people. This book offers life lessons every person should learn. And each chapter holds a different surprise for the reader to discover. This book offers a great opportunity to read an awesome piece of literature."
"I'm only eight, but as young as I may be I still think this book had those deeper meanings that make the book perfect for advanced readers. I won't tell you much about the book(read it to believe it, or see other reviews) but I will tell you that this book has really changed me, more than you would believe. Harper Lee has done an astonishing job describing the depression through a child's perspective, and the plot is just the plot for not-quite-but-somewhat historic fiction fans. To Kill a Mockingbird has a touch of historical fiction, but not too intense a slap of it. I would reccommend this book to any age group, but mainly above the age of eight, since most of these reviews seem to be by teens who enjoyed the book. Like another reviewer said, most high schoolers in my community had to read To Kill a Mockingbird in their freshman years, so I'd also say that middle schoolers who haven't read this book should read it before they get into high school, so they have a head start. By Madelyn  (call me Maddie) San Diego, California"
"I have to read this book for school, which we just finished it like last week. I think this book overall is pretty good, but I can't really state my opinion to the book, because I was forced to do vocabularies, answer study questions, and take a test for each chapter of the book (31 Chapters). But if I have time, I might read it again without some forcing me to read something that I wasn't ready for.I recommend this book to the people who is entering high school. I have heard from sophomores, juniors, and seniors that they have to read this book when they were freshmans. So, you little people below high school should get a head start on reading high school gonna-read books. This book's vocab and stuff is not hard at all, but it is like a tradition that every single one of us has to read.This book brought us back to the time in which the Great Depression took place, but the story didn't really link that much to the Great Depression, but it is just a reference point in which we can tell what the setting is. Our young narrator, Jean Louis Finch, who is commonly known as Scout, tells us the important events that happened in her life that leads to her brother Jem's accident. Throughout the story, it shows us, the reader that our main characters is growing and intersting events happened while they grow. Scout started her story at age seven, but the narrator Scout, in my opinion, is a grown-up Scout, and this story is like a flashback, but we'll never know, because the story never told us. That's why this book is a classical tale, because it allows you to think about the what is happening, what makes it happen, and what might happen.I give it a four star because I did enjoy, but not fully, because of my English teacher forcing us to read. Keep in mind, I recommend this to all middle-schoolers!"
"I am still reading this one, but I have to say that it's phenomenal. Scout (the narrator telling about her childhood) is a great kid and so is Jem (Scout's older brother). And their father is so smart! Atticus is a great dad. I get so involved with the book; I've started dreaming about it! It's a great book that a parent could read to their kid. Actually, it's more of a teen book. I started reading it when I was 9 and I didn't really get much out of it. But now that I'm 13, I am understanding more and loving so much that I want to go and read it right now! It's very smartly stated and I can't wait to finish it. The movie is good too! It's a sad book, but it's a great book so READ IT! Got to go and read some more! I love it. I really truly do."
"Delightful dialogue, lots of pearls of wisdom from Atticus to Scout and Jem(father to kids), and a surrealstic view of the South in that period through the eyes of Scout- a pre-teen, confident and spunky narrator."
"I think many people have missed the point of the book. The book is a classic coming of age story about two young siblings in the south. It's told from the point of view of Scout, a preteen girl. The different events in the book are relevant because they lead to Scout's maturity. She goes from an innocent child, to a maturing preteen. Example: In the begining of the novel, Scout and her brother Jem are obsessed with the idea of Boo Radley. They don't view him as a human being. He is this scary thing that they don't quite believe is real. They come up with ideas to get him to come out of the house. They even try to look through his windows to catch a glimpse of him. Later, when Boo saves Scout and Jem from Mr. Ewell, Scout feels ashamed of she and her brother's previous treatment of Boo Radley. She realizes that he's just another human being. He's nothing to be afraid. He deserves to be treated the same as everyone else. That moment was when Scout left her childhood behind. The rape trial is also another turning point in Scout's maturity. It's not about rape or racism. Those themes help to shape the person that Scout will become. I loved this book and I plan on buying it so I can read it whenever I feel like it. I've read some of the reviews here. I think it's sad that many people missed the point of the book. I also think that this book might not be for everyone. I think southerners will relate to the book better than anyone else. I found Scout and Jem's way of life to be very much like my own growing up. I think the book is a must read for everyone, but people need to open their minds and look deeper. Look past the rape and racism. The book is about so much more than that."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the most amazing books EVER published! Set in a small town in Depresion Era Alhabama, this book is about injustice and doing the right thing. This book is one classic which everyone should read. I recomended this book HANDS DOWN!"
"The book is a definite read. The author creates an excellent plot with characters who breathe and live with you not only while you are reading the book but even after you put it down. In my opinion, here is a story that presents the nuances of virtue and vice as subtly as they indeed exist in the real world. It wouldn't be a surprise if many of the readers pick it up for their second, third... nth reading of this marvelous tale."
This book is AMAZING!! I don't want 2 bore u with the details of what its about which u must of gotten from all the other reviews! This book is so much deeper than u think. I personally rather read it for pleasure than for a school project but I always find that those make u look deeper than u thought was possible. The book is about more than racial problems in a little community its also about the bonds that tie everyone and everything no matter how different each is. If u havnt read the book read it now! It is not a waste of money in my opinion! Don't let it bore u for once u get into the heart of it u will just have 2 sit back stunned! People have different opinions from the author of the book but in the end the story is heart warming and a certain page turner!
"No matter how old you are, this book has something for eveyone. It makes you laugh, cry, bite your nails and stay up all night. It is reflects the ugliness and the beuty in human's souls and it makes you want to be a better human being. A great read for reluctant readers of any age."
"I have heard this award bestowed upon The Great Gatsby, but for me, To Kill A Mockingbird is the great American novel.  In it, we meet the best and worst America has to offer.  We learn that while most Americans are good people ""when you really see them"", we unconsciously inflict the most damage upon those who never hurt us.The central plot in Ms. Lee's tale involves the trial of Tom Robinson, but the book is half over by the time we reach this point.  Instead, Ms. Lee paints a picture of a sleepy, shabby Alabama town where locals are poor, have little to do, and spend a great deal of time worrying about the activities of their neighbors.  We see the town through the eyes of Scout and Jem Finch, children of the attorney Atticus Finch.  Slowly we see a world where people want to do the right thing, but lack the courage of their convictions.  We see how unjustly the town's African American citizens are treated by the majority of the townfolk, by the contrastingly decent and fair treatment of these citizens by Atticus.  We learn that Atticus is the man in the town who does what no one else has the heart to do--whether it is shooting a rabid dog or defending Tom Robinson in an unwinnable case.  He does it all without boasting, and without the expectation of reward.I read recently that Atticus Finch had been voted the #1 hero in American cinematography by a majority of Americans voting.  I work as a lawyer, and a majority of my classmates ran off to join a big firm and get as rich as possible as soon as they graduated.  Yet we idealize this simple, humble man who believed in doing the right thing before making a fast buck.  In this time of Enron and secret terrorism tribunals--both of which make a mockery of our legal system--it is important to remember the lessons taught by Atticus Finch:  never cheat a man with less education, for anyone who does so is trash; never judge someone, for you don't know what it is like to walk in their shoes; never shoot a mockingbird, for all they ever do is make beautiful music for the rest of us."
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird in high school. When the books were passed out, I thought that it was going to be another boring book that was mandatory to read. However, once the themes were discussed, they made me realize that such problems go on in the world even today - racism, social status, etc. This book showed the parochial views of the citizens of Maycomb. I loved how the Finch family overlooked the rumors that were spreading and Atticus defended what (and who) he thought was right. I definitely recommend this book!"
"This book was so good. i really liked how interesting it is. It has so many life lessons that everyone needs to learn sooner or later. You might as well read this book and enjoy it while learning. The main characters are Scout, Jem, Atticus, Boo, and Tom Robinson. This book is so interesting so i suggest you read it."
"Anyone who hasn't read this classic novel should read it.  Harper Lee tells a wonderful story, through through the memories of a child, passing important lessons on to the reader about growing up, overcoming fears and prejudices, trusting others, fairness and justice.  The story is told with wit, charm and grace.  It addresses the problem of racism in a way that exposes its evil and ugliness while also illuminating and nurturing the dignity possessed by all human beings.  If you've only seen the classic movie (starring Gregory Peck) you know much of the story, but you've missed quite a lot in the telling.  The movie can only be fully appreciated by those who have first come to know and love its characters through having read the book."
"I read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" at about the age of 12, when it was first published. As an evocation of time and place, and as a story of childhood grappling with maturity, it is unexcelled. It truly deserves its status as a literary icon. Like Dante and Shakespeare, it will probably survive at least a couple of centuries.But that doesn't mean it's beyond criticism. Why has no one ever pointed out that Atticus Finch does a lousy job defending his client?He knows full well the kind of prejudice his client faces. But instead of basing his defense on the fact that a man without a right arm cannot blacken the right eye of another man -- and stopping there -- he decides to indict all of Southern society for its racism.Dumb, dumb, dumb. Absolutely guar-on-TEED to get the guy convicted.I wrote a letter to Harper Lee pointing this out, but she didn't reply."
This work of classic literature incorporates both enjoyable characters and a meaningful plot that reflects a time and thinking of not as long ago as many would like to think.  It is a powerful look into American History in a fun way.
"i have to read this book for school. i have heard from my mother and a lot of other older people that this is a great book. i want to know why. it is true that i am only up to chapter 8, but this book is slow moving and boring. so far, i do not like this book. i am not like most people. i saw a beautiful mind, which has won 4 academy awards and i did not feel as if it should received that many. in order to do my homework i need to listen to any kind of music as long as its not classical or anything that doesnt have words. i get straight As but i do not study and i do not pay attention in class. true, there might be something wrong with me, but i just want to know why this is ""such a great book""signed,confused"
"I had to read to kill a mockingbird for my 10th grade english class. I had heard that it was long and not always interesting and that the movie was even worse. So I started out the novel with little hope of being interested and found that I couldn't put it down, it is the best book I have ever read. The authors use of the characters and the circumstances is truly amazing.I recommend this novel to anyone, but especially those who love classics. In conclusion I would just like to thank Ms. Lee for writting this masterpiece and my english teacher for getting us to read this novel."
"When I heard that we were going to to be reading To Kill A Mockingbird for our next book, I thought, ""Oh, great a book about rough times, that's all we need right now.""  But this book is so much more... It truly touches your heart from meeting Dill to supporting Robinson you'll never know what's coming next.  Not only will Harper Lee's words scream at you from the page but they will pull you in until all you want is to read, to find out what happens to these kids and how fast they are thrown into the real world.  No kid wants that.  This book is so moving, you'll want to read it again and again just to get that heart warming feeling. Thanks to Harper Lee for this inspiring novel."
"Wow! This book was great. I am not much of a reader and I have a really hard time concentrating on reading something when I am not interested in it. This book was very interesting and caught my attention the first time I picked it up. The character that interested me the most was the little girl Scout who was also telling the story. Scout was a normal 8 year old girl who was very much a tom boy. She loved playing with her older brother Jem and could very much hold her own. They lived with their father Atticus Finch who was a trial lawyer. Atticus Finch gets an offer on day to defend a african american man who was accused of raping a white woman. As much talk is going around the small town, Atticus is still able to set a great example for his children and beliving in what is right. There was alot of hate in the town and everyone wondered why he was defending this colered man. Nobody wanted to believe him. Atticus believed that the man was entitled to a fair trial and the whole town was very angry with him. As he stood his ground his children were there watching all of this and realized that nobody should be treated different just because of their skin color or anything different from anybody else. Atticus taught his children that you should not be ashamed for helping others and not letting other intemadate you. Overall I thought this book was great and it brings to reality what is true in this world."
"I had to do a book project on a classic book, so I chose to read To Kill a Mockingbird because I had heard so much about it. But when I started to read it, I realized that I didn't know anything about the plot. The story was amazing, though I will not write anything about the book's content. You will have to find out by yourselves by reading it."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is an absolutely brilliant, marvelous and cultivating book. The story takes place in the Deep South and is told through the innocent eyes of an eight-year-old girl called Scout. Her father is a lawyer who is verbally harassed by an entire town because he decided to defend an innocent black man accused of raping a white young woman. To kill a Mockingbird moved me to both laughter and tears as I read how Scout learns about life from watching her own father stand up and fight for what is right, exposing and challenging an entire town in it's unfairness and ignorance. Harper Lee, the author, is luminous. It is no wonder that this book shook the standards of our nation for the time it was written. I give it my highest admiration because of its deep significance, yet it was written in such simple language and storytelling."
"Harper Lee's, To Kill a Mockingbird, is a book that I loved to read.  Lee portrayed the literary device theme, very well.  You should put yourself in other people's shoes so that you don't prejudge them explains what the theme of this is.  Within theme, a major topic is where the central character and narrator of this book, Jean Louise Finch, also known as Scout changed from an immature girl in overalls, to a mature, young lady.Many characters affected this change, among those would be her older brother Jeremy Atticus Finch, better known as Jem. Scout looked up to Jem and followed in his footsteps. For example, when Jem and Dill Harris were planning to go to Boo Radly's house to place a note on the window Scout insisted that she tag along. Jem also tried to keep her safe like in the end when he tried to stop Bob Ewell from hurting her, even though it would only redirect the attack to him. Another character that affected Scout would be her Aunt Alexandre, a person that Scout did not favor much throughout the book. Her Aunt desperately attempted to turn Scout into a young lady. Alexandre always contradicted what Atticus said, and never agreed with his ways of raising children. when Aunt Alexandre had a party for her friends, and Scout tried to impress the women by being extremely polite. Normally, Scout would be wearing overalls and she would speak her mind rather than think of how she'd make other people feel if she was rude. Atticus wouldn't have minded that so much, but it would have driven her Aunt up the walls. Aurther ""Boo"" Radly is also another character with a great influence on Scout. He taught her to not judge people before you actually know them. Throughout the entire story, Scout and Jem would continuously try to get a glance at Boo. They harassed him on a near daily basis just to try and see him. Through all this, Boo left gifts for them in a hole in an old, dead tree, and in the end he saved their lives from Mr. Ewell. An example of how they harassed him was putting on plays that were supposed to be about him and the Radly family, but an example of his kindness was putting a blanket around Scout one night when she and Jem were watching Mrs. Maudie's house burn down. The final character that had a major influence on the life of Scout was Calpurnia, the Finch's cook. Calpurnia, a black, strong-willed woman taught Scout to not be prejudice by taking two white children (Scout and Jem) to her all black church. While Jem was going through his maturing stage, he often left Scout out because he didn't want her around. Whenever he did this Calpurnia was there for Scout, and open-heartedly invited her to help in the kitchen. This helped to make Scout feel wanted. The most significant symbol in the novel appears in the title - the mockingbird. It is a sin to kill a mockingbird because all they do is go about their own way singing and not making trouble for anyone. The mockingbird symbolizes how people try to mind their own business, but society won't let them. Dill Harris would be a symbol of the mockingbird, because he is a victim of society. Dill was repeatedly shipped from relative to relative because his mother didn't want him around. He ran away because he finally realized that he was unwanted by his own family.Boo Radly is also a symbol of the mockingbird because he locked himself up in his house and doesn't bother anyone, but society judges him with no reason. People would blame things on him and Jem and Scout would harass him, and all because he just goes about his own business. Tom Robinson, an innocent black man, is also a symbol of the mockingbird because he was judged by society when he was blamed for a crime that everyone knew he didn't commit. He was trying to be nice, and help Mayella Ewell whenever he was asked to, and for this she made him out to be guilty of a great crime, and even when Atticus proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that he was innocent, he was found guilty.  A quote to support the theme of you should put yourself in other people's shoes so that you don't prejudge them is from Atticus Finch, ""You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view, until you climb into his skin and walk around in it."" In the case of Tom Robinson, prejudice plays around the trial.  In this trial Bob Ewell blamed Tom for the rape of his daughter Mayella. This trial was a trial of black against white.  Prejudice was one of the largest problems of judging.  Though judging is a huge problem then and now it will never be solved.  This book is based on reality and therefore is interesting."
"Maycomb was a sleepy Alabama town in the 1930's, but it was abruptly awoken when the towns ""white trash,"" accuses a black man of raping his daughter. Immediatly, the town is plunged into controversy, especially when Atticus, a well-liked white lawyer, agrees to defend the accused, Tom Robinson. Then, to further enrage many of his white neighbors, he actually does it very well and makes it clear that Tom is not the criminal.Told through the eyes of Scout, Atticus's young daughter, this shows the abrupt awakening of a town. Scout experience descrimination and hate, because her father defends the innocent. Throughout the story, she and her beloved brother Jem, and friend Dill, deal with the anger of a town but remain innocent and loving throughout the ordeal.Then, after Atticus almost succeed in getting Tom Robinson acquited, the accuser takes matters into his own hands. However, this time he attacks atticus and his family in a series of rash events, culminating in a night of horror for Scout and Jem.Those who do not read this book are missing out on one of the best books ever written."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" takes place in Maycomb, Alabama in the early 1930's. The setting plays a major key role in the development of the story. Maycomb, Alabama is a small town with obvious class and racial segregation. The majority of the townspeople are very prejudiced and closed-minded, but one exception to this trend is Atticus Finch. He is a white, middle-class lawyer who defends a black man, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a white woman. The trial causes a great controversy among the townspeople and reveals the true opinions and values of the citizens of Maycomb, Alabama.  Lee uses the characters in his book to convey different views on the topic of discrimination.  Specifically, he uses Finch's children, Jem and Scout, to show an innocent and naive perspective on the topic. The children have a hard time understanding why a man is being persecuted because he is of a different race. Jem and Scout's thoughts continue to play a significant role throughout the book to represent the idealistic views. Mayella Ewell, the woman who accuses Tom Robinson of raping her, is used by Lee to show the white race's common view of the black race during the 1930's.  Ewell is willing to have a man put to death just to save her reputation.  Her act of indiscretion points out the views of how black men were rarely viewed as human beings and certainly were not treated as if they were human beings.  In my opinion, Lee does a wonderful job in expressing his views through the use of his diverse characters. The language that he uses in his book really makes the words jump off the page. Also, the lessons learned in this book are applicable to everyday life. He brings you along for a most influential ride filled with love, hate, anger, and such starvation for wanting to know what is going to happen next in the story, that you just cannot put the book down. After reading this book, I appreciated the struggles of the black race more than ever, and I really respect all they had to go through."
"Atticus Finch, Boo Radley, Maycomb - names that resonate even before reading the book. I can't believe that it's taken me so long to get around to reading this - it truly is a classic that deserves to be read, that's enjoyable and is still an easy read.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" takes place in the deep South during the depression. Told from the viewpoint of Scout Finch, a young tomboy growing up in Maycomb, Alabama, we get an account of her early life full of strange characters such as the enigmatic Boo Radley, woven with a classic courtroom drama equal to any that Grisham or Turow have produced.Harper Lee has breathed such life and vitality into every character in this tale. Jem and Scout, the son and daughter of Atticus Finch a local lawyer and state senator, represent the liberal town viewpoint, the growing awareness of racial inequality and the touchpoint for the tensions of country versus town that appear even within the school. Aunt Alexandra gives us an insight into the southern hostess, gentile yet savage, forward thinking when it comes to Africa highlighting the racial inequalities they take for granted in their own town.This book was written at the beginning of the highly charged atmosphere of the late 50s, early 60s. Racial inequality was being challenged in the courts, in the schools and on the streets. The combination of this intensity combined with the drama set in 1930s makes this one of the true classics of American life in the South. It is an interesting read whatever your background and I highly recommend reading it sooner rather than later!"
"Alas, this was another school book for English, but I must admit, my English teacher has good taste.  This book, To Kill A Mockingbird, centers around Scout (or Jean Louise) and Jem (Jeremy) Finch.  It is told through the eyes of Scout as sort of a reminiscence, beginning when she is six and he is ten.  I found this book amusing and touching.  It went through the lifestyle of the moderately poor in Maycomb County, Alabama in around 1930 and so forth.  It also described deeply the feeling of racism between the whites and Afrian-Americans at the time, how far it went, and it is a charming story of a little tomboy girl's life.  That sounds strange, haha, but it truly is a classic."
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is a vivid novel about a girl named Scout who for some reason, likes to act like a boy. To Kill a Mockingbird tells a modern day life of two kids whose father is a lawer supporting a African man who was accused of raping a white woman. This book is a vivid novel of racism and faith."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee was intriguing to my soul.  I have never felt such great leaps of passion towards a book.  In this Novel I found myself almost crying, surprised, laughing and in complete awe at the end.  At first, I picked this book thinking it was just another boring English novel, I was mistaken.  Harper Lee has proven to America and the world that great litature exists.  It taught me many lessons about life such as the horrors of discrimination and standing up for what's right.  Harper Lee writes through a 6-year-old girl and in first person.  The action behind scout's tale is her father's determination as a lawyer and a liberal to defend a black man accused of raping a white girl, although he did not do it.  The books' setting is in a realistic racist and segregated town in Alabama in the 1930's.  The author does a wonderful job making each character distinct and different.  This book brings to surface the idea of how unfair and cruel society can be and how racism can affect so many lives, in ways we cannot imagine.  The reader gets to see how the family grows both together and apart and also how it copes with its day-to-day lives.  The Novel deals with such issues as racism, neighborhood togetherness and the bonds that either grow or are lost between parents and children.  I am proud to say that this is my favorite book.  This novel is a must for all growing children."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee was intriguing to my soul.  I have never felt such great leaps of passion towards a book.  In this Novel I found myself almost crying, surprised, laughing and in complete awe at the end.  At first, I picked this book thinking it was just another boring English novel, I was mistaken.  Harper Lee has proven to America and the world that great litature exists.  It taught me many lessons about life such as the horrors of discrimination and standing up for what's right.  Harper Lee writes through a 6-year-old girl and in first person.  The action behind scout's tale is her father's determination as a lawyer and a liberal to defend a black man accused of raping a white girl, although he did not do it.  The books' setting is in a realistic racist and segregated town in Alabama in the 1930's.  The author does a wonderful job making each character distinct and different.  This book brings to surface the idea of how unfair and cruel society can be and how racism can affect so many lives, in ways we cannot imagine.  The reader gets to see how the family grows both together and apart and also how it copes with its day-to-day lives.  The Novel deals with such issues as racism, neighborhood togetherness and the bonds that either grow or are lost between parents and children.  I am proud to say that this is my favorite book.  This novel is a must for all growing children."
"I don't want to restate the other reviews, because they really got the points down pat.all i want to say is that there is a reason this book is a classic. theres a reason this book is taught in English classes nationwide. There is a reason this book will be remembered.Highly recommended, if you haven't for some reason already read it."
"I seriously doubt the incoherent rambling of another one of my reviews is really going to contribute any more the critical acclaim this book has already received, but, if it makes any difference, I like the book and the quality of its creation was present throughout the entire read."
"I somehow have managed to miss reading this wonderfull book throughout my school career.  I decided to read it now to see what I was missing over the years.  What I ended with was a book I could not put down.  It is truly an engrossing book stocked full of believable characters.The story works on many different levels and is weaved together masterfully.  The story is told through the eyes of the little girl Scout.  She tells the story about her hometown and the happenings in it.  The reader learns about racism of which her father is the defense attorney for a black man accused of rape.  The entire town knows he is innnocent, but he won't be released because of the color of his skin and the social mores of the time.  The reader also learns of a neighbor with mental illness that facinates the children because he is a mystery.  The best part of this book is that Scout explains the social workings of a small town during the great depression.  It is both humorous and  sad at the same time.This book is both a Pulitzer Prize winning classic and an easy read.  It is wonderfull and entertaining.  You will not be able to put it down and you won't want to either."
"To Kill A Mockingbird I really enjoyed reading the novel, To Kill A Mockingbird.  This book not only captured and held my interest, but I was also able to relate to and understand a lot of what the characters were going through.  I felt as if I could relate to this book because it highlighted and gave a realistic description of human nature and behavior. One aspect of human nature that is shown in this book is how as people we are born innocent and blind to most of the wrongdoing in the world.  As time goes by, we are subjected to different people and situations and our so called rose-colored glasses become darkened.  The characters Scout and Jem illustrate this best.  As young children, they assume that everyone is good and no harm can come to them because they have never really come into contact with evil in their lives yet.  However, as the story progresses, they see, for the first time, prejudice, hatred and the overall ignorance of human beings.  In addition to this, the children got to experience the effect that these things can have on people, specifically how they can ruin and destroy many lives.  Usually, when hearing about racism or prejudice, we hear the more factual side of how people are affected, such as what rights they are being denied.  I enjoyed this book because it gave me insight on how people are really affected, how they feel, and how their lives are changed as a result of the injustices. Despite the fact that this novel highlighted the evil nature of human beings, the author did not neglect to show that there is good in humans as well.  The good nature of humans is represented in this book primarily through Atticus Finch.  He is the father of Jem and Scout and a fairly well off lawyer in Maycomb.  Throughout his life, Atticus has seen the capability of humans to be evil, yet somehow he has not become cynical or lost his faith in the human race.  He understands that people are both good and bad, and Atticus does not look upon people with judgement.  He, instead, tries to see and understand the reasons that people are the way they are.  After reading this book I found myself trying to practice the moral values and ways of Atticus Finch in my own life."
"Like most young ones my age, I read and studied ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" in junior high school. But this story has stuck with me through the years, and every time I flip through it's pages, I look back on it with affection. This classic tale of courage and altruism is timeless.It is the early 1950's in the southern states. A highly respected small-town lawyer decides to take on a case defending a framed African American man, although he knows he will not win the trial. The lawyer must face the ridicule of the town's folk, and racists in his community who seek to have the framed man killed.In the meantime, the lawyer's two children (Scout and Jem) get entangled in the age-long mystery of Boo Radley, their mysterious next door neighbor who no one has seen for years...and who no one seems to understand.""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a touching story full of life-lessons, one of which proves that fighting a losing battle may be difficult, but ""good"" will ultimately triumph if you stand up for what you know to be right and true."
"A small family consisting of a father, Atticus, and 2 children.  Scout and Jem Finch.  The family lives in Alabama during the depression, though Atticus is a rather well to-do lawyer while others are not so well off.  A new boy joins them, ""Dill"" Harris, and the kids enjoy their summer, playing games and whatnot.  They make up stories about Scout's neighbor, ""Boo"" Radley, a young shut-in who supposedly never ventured out of the house.  They find presents in a tree, which they are conviced that ""Boo"" has left for them. Scout and Jem attend a one room school in the fall, and Scout dislikes it immensely.  The next summer, the group of kids continue to play their games, and act out stories they've made up, especially about ""Boo"" Radley.  Meanwhile, Atticus has agreed to defend a poor, innocent black man who is accused of raping a white farmer's daughter.  Tom Robinson, the black man, represents the mockingbird in this book, a symbol of innocence destroyed by evil.""Remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" That was the only time I ever heard Atticus say it was a sin to do something, and I asked Miss Maudie about it. ""Your father's right,"" she said. ""Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy ... but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.""Atticus provides powerful evidence that Tom Robinson was infact innocent, and that it was the girl's father who had injured her, not Tom Robinson.  Though the evidence against the white father was extensive, they all-white jury convicts Tom Robinson.  He later tries to escape from the prison, and is shot to death.  The children then must deal with their feelings of doubt in justice.Now, I won't give away too much more.  You'll have to read it, and find out what happens to Jem, Scout, Dill, ""Boo"" Radley, Atticus, and all the other amazing characters.  The book takes such a strong, and moving, stance against racial prejudice and an amazing depicition of childhood innocence.  It is an EXCELLENT read, and continues to be wonderful each and every time I read it."
"Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a great story detailing important childhood events from the point of view of Jean Louise Finch(aka Scout). Jean is a little girl who lives with her older brother of 5 years, Jeremy Finch(aka Jem) and her father Atticus Finch in a little town in Maycomb county. The novel's main theme is basically the lessons one learns growing up. This theme is centered a lot around the trial of a black man, Tom Robinson, of supposedly raping a white woman. Atticus is the lawyer given the job of defending Robinson and with this heated trial occurring, Scout and Jem have to deal with a lot of oppossition and derision from many of their prejudiced neighbors. But, this story has so much more dealing with just the general complexities of growing up.I think my favorite thing about the novel was the characters. The Finch family comes across as easily liked people. Scout and Jem have a great relationship with their father and with each other. Also, I really liked the character of Atticus, as he comes across as a man you can really respect and admire. It's through him that the reader, along with Scout and Jem, come to learn some lessons in a sense as well. Of course, there are plenty of interesting secondary characters such as Boo Radley who Scout and Jem constantly try to lure from his reclusion in his home and Calpurnia, the woman who's like a mother to Scout and Jem.I'd say this book may get off to somewhat of a slow start and for the first few pages, you may not understand how this is considered to be a classic, but it's a great book as you progress through it and it tells a very simple, yet wonderful story. If you're interested in reading it, go ahead and get it as you'll probably really like it."
"When I first heard that our English teacher was going to assign this book to be read by the end of the year, my first thought was ""Great, another boring assignment."" I changed my mind, however, when we started to read to book. After receiving some background info, I understood this book perfectly. We just finished reading it, and I must say, tha teachers of Palm Bch County, FL know how to pick 'em!Six-year-old Scout is the narrator of this story. Her brother, Jem, is four years older, and a loyal son to their father Atticus. Atticus is an attorney who is asked to defend a black man named Tom Robinson when he is accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a poor farmer's daughter. This book contains it all: love and hate, black and white, the good, the bad, and the ugly.I'm glad that my teacher picked this one!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird was a remarkable read, with little quips and funny stories to bind the book, along with the powerful telling of injustice and prejudice in our nation. Set in the quiet town of Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930's-- the aftermath of the civil war, and the incipient prelude to the second World War-- we are narrated by Scout, a quick and innocent girl growing up in the deep south.  We see that Scout's father tries to bring Scout up with a pure understanding of the nation, and to veer her away from the awful discrimination that is shown, but she simply cannot turn her face from the terrible hate and bitterness that is slowly bubbling in Maycomb. All these complex feelings are brought to a climax when a black man is accused of raping a young white girl. Scout's father must defend the man, and in doing so, endangers his own children.  In order to truly understand, a reader must put him/herself in the shoes of Maycomb County's residents, and walk the painful steps of racial prejudice. You will find that the walk is almost unendurable; you'll question how this came to be, and what the consequences were. A delighting, yet sorrowful read, I'd recommend this to a serious reader, who is willing to learn of the past."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a great story that kind of reminds me of the movie, A Time To Kill.  It is a story that anyone, people of all ages, can enjoy.  It was also an inspirational story about the bravery of children and one man's desire to  defend a man who has almost no hope.  The story is about a family, whose father is a lawyer, defending a black man accused of raping a white woman.  It is told by the daughter, Scout.  Scout and her brother, Jem, are very close because they are both very curious kids.  They get all their information on what's going on with the trial by snooping around and talking to gossips from town.  Basically the story is about what the family goes through because of the trial, considering that back then most people automatically believed the white girl.  The town was not very supportive of Atticus 'choosing' to defend a black man.  The Finch family goes through a great deal of pain and strife because of this.  Because of reading this book, I feel more enlightened on the black/white issues of days gone by.  The book gives great detail to the innerworkings of the minds of white people back then.  The characters were very well-developed, the plot was definitely realistic, making the story very believable because chances are, something like that has happened.  I would definitely recommend this book to reader's of all ages.  It provides great knowledge of the unfair ways that white people used to treat black people, and still do to an extent.  I definitely feel that sometime in their lifetime, everyone should read To Kill A Mockingbird."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was one of the best books I have ever read. It has adventure, emotion, and suspense. It is almost like there are two stories going on in one book. You will be able to vision yourself in the book with the characters. I love this book because I am able to visualize the setting. I can read it for a long time and not want to put it down. I definately recommend it. You will not be disappointed."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a phenomenal book.  It is an American Classic and a great book for the 1960's.  The story takes place through the eyes of a little girl named Scout.  Scout has a very loyal older brother named Jem.  The story is about life in the 1960's in the south and how a black man named Tom Robinson and other blacks were treated.  Loyal and trusting, Scout and Jem are very close and help each other through a lot.  A very exciting part in To Kill a Mockingbird is when Jem and his friend run through their supposed crazy neighbor's house to catch a glimpse of the man while Scout followed them.  Then there is a shotgun shot and the group run for their lives escaping death.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a very interesting and fulfilling novel and I highly recommend it for all kids above the age of eleven."
"I loved ""To Kill A Mockingbird."" I have never really liked to read but when I read this book I couldn't put it down. The story was so good. It was so exciting when Jem and Scout Finch tried to make Boo Radley come out of his house. It was funny when they didn't succed and almost got killed. The main story of this book, is when the African American, Tom Robinson, is on trial, and Jem and Scouts father, Atticus, is his laywer. He is innocent, but because he is black no one believes him except for Atticus. I liked this book because tof the mystery of Boo Radly, the comedy of them almost getting killed at Boo Radley's house, and the frightening ending of this story. the ending is a big shocker but it makes the book all the better. I think anyone who read this book would absolutly love it."
"WHen I first heard we are going to read TKaM, my heart sank considerably. First, our teacher announced this is her favorite book of all times. Second, I absolutely detested theo ther books we had to read, Potok's The Chosen, for example. But when I first received the book and started reading, I was awed. The use of language and vocabulary weere stunning and remarkbale. THe book is brutally honest, using original profanities used at the time in 1935 Alabama, but that did not tarnish the brilliance of the book. The tension escalates during Atticus' defense, and resolves in a tragic yet credible ending. However, the book taught a lesson that we would never forget.What made this book special to me is the moments between Atticus and his children. The dialogues are witty and at times funny that made me laugh out loud (the second book in my 15 years to do that). The plot is slow moving, yes, but that built the tension and kept you at your seat through the 200+ pages."
"I liked the novel because it was about a town that was poor in wealth but rich in life.  The worked hard for their money and didn't squader it for lifes pleasures.  To Kill A Mockingbird follows three years in the life of eight year old Scout Finch, her brother, Jem and ther father Atticus.  Who defends a black man who is accused of raping a white women.  Like the slow-moving occupants of her fictional town, Lee takes her time to the heart of her tales.  First, we meet the Finchs the summer before Scout's first year at school.  Scout, her brother, and Dill Harris, a boy who spends his summers at his auts in Maycomb, while away, he spends his time reenacting the scenes of Dracula and plots ways to seek a peek at the town bogyman, Boo Radley.  In the bigining what it boils down to was that the alleged rape of Mayella Ewell, the daughter of a drunk and violent white farmer, barely gets through to the children's conscious.  Then Atticus is called on to defend the accused.  Tom Tobinson, and soon Scout and Jem find themselves caught up in events beyond their understanding.  During the trial, the town exhibits its ugly side, but Lee offers plenty of counterbalances as well dealing with an eldery woman's problem, the heroism of Atticus, and finally Scout's hard-won understanding that most people are essentially kind ""who you really see them.""  But turns funny, wise, and heartbreaking, To Kill A Mockingbird is one classic that continues to speak to a new generation and deserves to be reread often.  Like I earlier stated I like this novel.  I like the way Lee blends everything together and makes everything to story easier to understand.  This novely with no mildew on its magnolia leaves, a funny, happy novel written with great precision.  To Kill A Mockingbird is about conscience- how it is instilled in two children, Scout and Jem Finch and how it operates in their, Atticus, a lawyer appointed to defend a Negro on a rape charge.  This is what I love about the novel, the lessons it teaches us, the lessons that we can take with us for the rest of our lives.  I like how Lee combines two of the most common thesis of Southern writing-child's recollection of life  among people in a small town seemly untonched by the twentieth century adn glaring in justices of racial prejudice to create a comtemporay American classic.  It seems as though it could happen in real life back in its day.  Everything seems as though this could really be a story based upon truth.  I would recommend this book definitly to anyone who can appreciate a good book.  I enjoyed reading this great novel in my spare time, so you know it must be worth reading, knowing how much i read this must be a good book.  I would definitly recommend this to anybody and will probably read it again someday when i'm in the mood with for a book that will make me smile."
"This book tells the story of the Old South. Its a tale of racial hate and those that stand against it.At least in this little town in mississippi. And, also of some of the scary storys children make up to explain that which they do not understand. It is also a story that helped me go back, in my mind, to when I was a child and some of the things I did and thought at that time. I find this to be one of the most enjoyable reads ever. Its written plainly and its very easy to follow. The character development is also very clear...Just a wonderful book overall."
"""Whoa"" was all I could say after I finished the novel. I reckon this classic is one of the best novels I have ever read. The words used in the novel are very easy that variety of readers can enjoy.Also, the story builds up strongly toward the theme of conscience that grows in Jean's heart and is denied by some town people. In addition, the story never neglects to work on characterization of main characters with some side stories. In their childhood, we can see and enjoy Jean and Jem's innocence when they play together. As Atticus as personal idol, Jean and Jem grow up to become caring, generous and wise.This book is also historically valid, looking at how Southern states of America suffered from severe racism. the novel follows the historical background of the states very well. The segregation, enforced by Jim Crow law, allowed the hatred and ignoring between African Americans and Whites to be formed. Through the trial, we begin to question the connection between racism and conscience. As the story develops, Jean learns conscience, and her attitude toward African Americans changes a lot. So, the book can be very educational to growing teenagers."
"This is a good story, and importantly, told through the eyes of a young uncorrupted mind - which in itself is a literary effort not to be trifled with.However, I reduced a couple of stars for purposes of relativity ... I'm not from the USA .... and for non-US readers, who have been touched by other workproducts on this subject, the experience of this book may not compare as well as the movie ""A time to kill"".With the amount of attention that this subject has received in various art forms, with exceptional artistic results, this book can hold its ground but it doesn't necessarily beat the field."
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is a true piece of literature that teaches everyone vital lessons dealing with poverty, racism, and even the way to place your self in another's shoes (Amazon.com).  ""Like the slow-moving occupants of her fictional town, Lee takes her time getting to the heart of her tale"" (Amazon.com).  This is very true: the first chapters of the novel were a little random and hard to follow, but the book really developed and by the end I could hardly set the book aside.  As stated by one of the reviews posted on Amazon.com, every character in Lee's novel has great dimension.  Lee has an extraordinary talent of showing off the way society was run back then by the nature and actions of her characters.  Her inventive characters, such as the mysterious Boo Radley, the kind hearted Atticus, and even the weird Mr. Dolphus Raymond, really display the town's feeling toward abnormal people, especially African Americans, in 1930's Alabama.All of the characters seemed very realistic and natural, like you're reading an interesting biography.  Lee's main character and narrator is Scout, who is said to behave similarly to the way Harper Lee acted as a child (Biblio.com).  You can tell Lee really knew her little narrator well just by the actions Scout would take and the questions and remarks she would make. In the last few pages of the novel, Scout stands on the porch of Boo Radley, the man whom she has been deathly afraid of for years and years, and she brings herself to look at her neighborhood from Boo's perspective.  She brings up the past and remembers her and Jem fearfully sprinting back and fourth in front of the Radley Place.  It was clever the way that Lee pulled fourth this bit of maturity from eight-year-old Scout.  Jem wasn't necessarily my favorite character, but I really enjoyed watching him grow up through the eyes of his little sister.  Atticus was a perfect role to have in this novel.  I loved to keep reading and see what his responses would be to Scout's questions.  Dill was quite a wonder.  I loved the line, ""beautiful things floated around in his head"" because it really displayed his character.When Atticus is chosen to defend Tom Robinson, a whole new story begins.  Now the reader, along with Jem and Scout, are introduced to the nastier side of Maycomb.  Racism is exposed everywhere, and it seems that only Atticus is going to stand up for what is right.  Scout is very confused at how the strict and upright ladies forming a missionary society with her aunt can try so hard to help others and then discriminate against the black citizens of Maycomb.  Scout's teacher, Miss Gates, tells the class America is a democracy.  According to Miss Gates, democracy is, ""Equal rights for all, special privileges for none.""  Scout wonders at the way Miss Gates can encourage democracy and still be totally against her father for defending a black man.  Isn't America a democracy... why are whites allowed special privileges?  However, Lee expertly is able to demonstrate a good side to even some of the worst people, such as the bravery and strong will seen in the evil Mrs. Dubose as she breaks free of her morphine addiction (Amazon.com).  In the end, Scout finally realizes that even the cruelest people have a hidden kindness in their hearts (Amazon.com).Of all the reviews that I searched for of To Kill a Mockingbird, not a single one had any sort of negativity.  To Kill a Mockingbird was the only book that Harper Lee has ever published, and with this one book she has won a Pultzer prize and her book has been made into an Oscar winning film (Biblio.com).  Overall, Lee was brilliant in the way she was able to lead us through the tough era of the Depression, full of racism and merciless judgments and hateful rumors, behind the eyes of a young girl with a strong heart...much like her father."
"As if anyone needs to be told how brilliant this story is. I just had to put a word of honour in.  With a brilliantly dramatic, funny and at times creepy plot, Harper Lee gave the world one of the most fantastic books ever written.  And its no wonder that with over 30, 000, 000 million copies of this book sold worldwide that she never wrote another novel!"
"I just read this novel for the first time, and I wish I hadn't waited so long to have read it. I wish I hadn't lived so much of my life without it in my mind, informing how I look at others and what I think my place in the world is, because I think this book does change how one sees good and its role in the lives of those hurt by the cruelty of humanity.TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is the story of young Scout, who starts the book out remembering her life at the age of 6. Her brother, Jem, is 10, and their summer neighbor, Dill, is 7 (""I'm little but I'm old,"" he says.) (Interestingly, the character of Dill is based on Truman Capote, whom Harper Lee knew as a child.) Their father, Atticus Finch is an attorney, and their mother, who died when Scout was 2, figures not at all in the story. The family has a black maid, Calpurnia. Various neighbors are also mentioned: Miss Rachel, Dill's aunt; Miss Maudie; Miss Stephanie; Mrs. Dubose; and, of course, the Radley family, in the spooky house the children had to pass on their way to school. The novel begins with Dill's first summer in Maycomb, the small Alabama town that is the setting for this novel. Dill, Jem and Scout fixate on getting ""Boo"" Radley to come out of his house. Boo is a mysterious man, about whom the neighbors trade stories and with whom the children like to scare themselves. Atticus takes a dim view of the children using Boo and his life for various entertainments and chides them whenever he finds them engaged in one of their attempts to catch a glimpse of him.The summer ends and Dill goes back to his family and the Finch children go to school, Scout for the first time. Her teacher discovers that Scout can read and tells her that her father's been teaching her all wrong and that she is not allowed to read at home any more with Atticus. Scout also gets in trouble the first day of school for standing up and explaining to the teacher why Walter Cunningham cannot accept a quarter from the teacher to go have lunch in town (he didn't bring lunch with him). Scout explains that Walter can't borrow a quarter because ""he's a Cunningham."" When that is insufficient information for the teacher, Scout says, ""The Cunninghams never took anything they can't pay back--no church baskets and no scrip stamps. They never took anything off of anybody, they get along on what they have. They don't have much, but they get along on it. ... You're shamin' him, Miss Caroline. Walter hasn't got a quarter at home to bring you, and you can't use any stovewood"" (which is how they paid Atticus Finch for some legal work he had done for them). Miss Caroline smacks Scout's hand with a ruler; Scout tries to fight Walter in the schoolyard, and then Jem invites him home for lunch. Later Atticus promises Scout that even though she must attend school, he will still read with her every night. And so we get the tone of the father-daughter relationship, practical, loving, guidance and, more than anything, acceptance of Scout for who she is. Atticus also shows over the course of the novel the need to live up to the love his children have for him in his professional and personal life.Soon Atticus is engaged in a legal case that engenders criticism in the town. He has been appointed to defend a black man, Tom Robinson, who was accused of raping a white woman, Mayella Ewell. Atticus's ""mistake"" is that he actually means to defend the man. Scout and Jem hear criticism from their friends, but Atticus instructs them never to fight over it with other children, to hold their heads up high. He tells Scout that he could never tell her to do anything again if he walked away from this responsibility. The children watch the trial and the outcome, and the reader sees that like Boo Radley, Tom Robinson is one of the people hurt by the cold world and the evil that exists in humanity. Atticus strives to help his children understand and not be brought low by such cruelty like the hermit Boo and the convicted Tom.Even with the verdict going his way, the father of the alleged rape victim, Mr. Ewell, vows to get revenge on Atticus for making him and his daughter look foolish on the witness stand.I won't go into the climax of the book, but wanted to note that what I love about it is the love that is shown by Atticus in his behavior toward his children, his client and the people he lives with in the town. Even when Ewell spits in his face, he maintains his dignity and seems to believe that Ewell needed to make the threat to carry on his life in Maycomb. Atticus is a kind of Christ figure of the Maycomb community. The children's neighbor Miss Maudie says nearly as much to their aunt, ""Whether Maycomb knows it or not, we're paying the highest tribute we can pay a man. We trust him to do right. It's that simple."" -- this even while others are vilifying him for the work he did for Tom Robinson.As Scout grows, her capacity to to understand grows, too, and her fascination with Boo Radley changes into a kind of longing to meet this man, who never goes outside and has no friends. She wants to meet him and say ""hey"" to him and ask him how his day is. Her capability to love and be kind is growing, and she wants to share it.The ending of the book is the apotheosis of Scout's growing capability to live, understand and treat others with dignity, and we also see the ongoing example of Atticus to do right, along with other townspeople who want to protect the weakest and smallest among them. It is truly one of the most moving chapters I've read in my life. (I tear up just thinking about it!)The novel itself is charmingly written, the voice is of an older Scout who maintains her independence and zeal for life, but who understands more than the 6-year-old Scout did at the beginning of the narrative. The story flows smoothly, and the plot is engaging. If you haven't read this, you need to."
"This book teaches everyone a timeless lesson. It also teaches a lesson in friendship and excepting people the way they are. This book is set in the 1930's in a small town called Maycomb. The whole book seems to be centered around making the town recluse Boo Radley come out of his house, but don't let this cover up the real reason behind the book. When Scout's dad ,Atticus (a lawyer), defends a negroe in  court against a white man the town deals with one of the neverending problems in this world: prejudice. Not only do the towns people start being mean to Scout and her family but Scout's older brother Jem starts to grow older and has no time for his little sister. Scout begins to have a difficulty understanding everything that goes on. This book is a timeless classic and is a wonderful read for teens and adults alike."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is an interesting and exciting tale about a small town in the 1930's that is faced with one of the many problems of that time:prejudice against african americans. When Scout's father Atticus (a lawyer)agrees to defend a negroe in court against a white man, Scout's world is turned upside down. Not only that but people in the town start threatening Atticus and his family. Scout's older brother Jem is also changing and it becomes difficult for Scout to understand what's going on. When an unlikely friend saves Scout and Jem's lives Scout realizes that people aren't always what they seem. I give this  exciting and touching book two thumbs up."
"This 1960's classic, taking place in the Southern town of Maycomb, tells the story of three children as they grow ever stronger as they overcome many obstacles- including racism, moral values, life without a mother, and a court trial against Tom Robinson- a black man accused of raping and beating Mayella Ewell, the daughter of Bob Ewell- and his attorney Atticus Finch- the father of two of the characters, Jem and Jean-Louis (Scout) Finch. Jem and Scout must learn to deal with the harsh disapproval the town and the rest of their family has with their father. Their best friend Dill Harris, who lives in Mobile, joins the Finch's in the summer. The three friends make up to play outside, to make the summer days pass in a pleasant manner. But when summer's over, it's back to school where Jem gets along fine, but Scout struggles to get along with the other students who make fun of her father and her teacher, Miss Stephanie Crawford. Fires, gunshots, threats, lies, and a dramatic court case cause uproars in the town, and the three friends grow closer everyday. When I read this book, I couldn't bear to put it down, and was often dying to pick it up again when I had the chance. If you would like to hear a story about growing up, human dignity, virtue and wisdom, compassion and cruelty, love and hatred, wit and misery, lose yourself within the pages of this award-winning best seller!The New York Times: ""Marvelous... Miss Lee's original characters are people to cherish in this winning first novel.""Harper's Magazine: ""A novel of great sweetness, humor, compassion, and of mystery carefully sustained.""Boston Herald: ""Has pace and power... overflowing with life.The New Yorker: ""Skilled, unpretentious and totally ingenuous... tough, melodramatic, acute, funny.""Tyler Jacobson: ""Dramatic, clever, thoughtful... a great read for Junior High and High School students.""New York Herald Tribune: ""Tender and searing... splendid."""
"Most of the people who gave this book one star said they were being forced to read it for some sort of school assignment. Perhaps they couldn't enjoy the book just because it was given as an assignment. Then again, maybe they just didn't like it.I think To Kill a Mockingbird is an excellent book. It is easy to read without being boring and I enjoyed all of it. And yes, I too am reading this for a school assignment, and in my opinion it is one of the best books I've ever read in school. My friends also agree. I highly recommend To Kill a Mockingbird."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a novel intended to inspire and bring about the childhood innocence that is contained within everyone.  The story takes place in the small town of Maycomb County in Alabama.  Being raised into a modest lifestyle, Scout Finch lives in a world that, in the beginning, she knows very little about.  Her only concerns  are the time spent playing with her older brother Jem and her best friend Dill (while wondering what really is inside the Radley home) and listening to the wisdom of her father Aticus Finch.  Over a short period of time Scout is forced to grow up very quickly and she learns some of life's most important lessons.  From witnessing first hand the unfairness of racism, she also learns a great deal about others and how you don't really know someone until you have walked in their shoes.  Scout also learns to view people for who they truly are.  She looks for the ""mockingbirds"" in society, those who are truly good at heart and don't deserve the cruel punishment that society imposes upon them.  I would rate this book a 5 out of 5 stars because it is although it may be a simple book to understand the messages sent are great in importance.  I really liked this book at would recommend it to anyone."
"A really nice, well written book. It has been banned in some places for sexual themes and I think that's a shame! This is a nuce book that you will enjoy."
"While the main theme deals with the treatment of negroes by Americans in the South, the narrator is a child. While this too could have been done in a way that makes the reader go through a turmoil of emotions so strong that getting through the book is difficult, Harper Lee softens it without taking away any of the facts.The book tells of the world through a child unaffected by adult prejudices yet having to face them, and of a man, her father, who dares to live the way he believes is right: to be the same on the street as he would be in his own house. With nothing to hide, always straight, always true.The book makes you think, and learn and realise--like a book ought to do."
"'To Kill a mocking bird' is a tapestry of anectodes vividly brought out by an excellent american raconteur - Harper Lee. It's a narration of the childhood days of a girl nicknamed Scout, who is too intelligent for her age with the intransigence of a child, in which her apparently dull & talentless father, Atticus Finch, reveals his heroism through his headstrong uprightness & optimism to rebel against the amoral racist prejudices of his village.The beauty of this book is its style, which is effective in convincing the reader that the whole story is from the viewpoint of an immature young girl. Lee achieves this by intertwining the main plot, as if it were unimportant (from the girl's viewpoint), with the story of a mysterious neighbour Boo Radley, whom the trio of Scout, Jem - Scout's tutelary elder brother and Dill - their friend, set out to discover. The quiet wit that is strewn all over is another plus that makes it an unstoppable read."
"This is my all time favorite American Classic.  I read it back in high school and loved it.  But it was only recently when a friend of mine started talking about this being his favorite book, that I re-read it and truly appreciated it even more so.  It is now in my bookcase with other American Classics waiting to be read again, and hopefully by my children when they are older."
"Harper Lee, a Southern woman, wrote the Great American Novel. Without demeaning the quality and value of ""Huckleberry Finn"" or ""Grapes of Wrath"" or ""The Great Gatsby"" -- great American novels all -- ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" summarizes a nation in constant flux, always examining its personal values, forever wondering whether there is something bigger than each of us.The story of Scout Finch, her family, friends and acquaintances is the story of an entire nation, whether Harper Lee intended to write a universal story or not. This is not just a book worth reading; it is a book thet should be read by every American reader, lest we begin to believe that Tom Clancy, Stephen King, John Grisham and Danielle Steel are great (or even good) writers who reflect the complexity and depth of American literature."
"'To Kill a Mockingbird' is a excellent novel that relates the story of an ordinary child's life in extraordinary circumstances.  Harper Lee uses strong emotion, laughter, and reason to relate a time of controversy and ""the crisis of conscience"".  This story is told from the perspective of a young girl named Jean Louise, nicknamed Scout.  She lives with her older brother Jem and is raised by her single father, which relates to her less than typical upbringing.  The main focus point of this story relates to a case that Scout's father agrees to take.  It is a case that is surrounded by controversy.  A black man is accused of assaulting a white woman, and in this time frame, a white person is not to be disputed by a black person.  Atticus, Scout and Jem's father, believes that he has no choice but to take the case and he must struggle with the town that he lives in to do what he knows that he must do.  This also has a strong affect on Scout and Jem's life.  I would strongly encourage anyone to read this book and learn how Atticus, Scout, and Jem handle the town's reactions and to learn the outcome of the case.  This novel tells a story filled with humor and excite, sadness and emotional conflict.  This novel is especially good for young adult readers, because the story is related from their viewpoint.  This is a novel that you can sit down and enjoy, but also take away a good life lesson from it."
"I am not going to write a really long review. I can only say that I don't remember a thing from high school...except.. when I was given this book to read. It is a treasure that everyone should read, and then read again. Pass it on to your children, or read it to them. They will thank you one day. Just as I would thank that english teacher if I could."
I read this book in 10th grade and it is my favorite book of all time!!  I recommend it to everyone.
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that was written in 1960 by Harper Lee about Jem and Scout Finch growing up in Maycomb County, Alabama. Their father, Atticus, is a well-respected lawyer who is assigned to the case of Tom Robinson. Tom Robinson is an African-American man who is unjustly charged with committing a crime against Mayella Ewell, a white woman. Although Tom Robinson's case is predictably lost because of the racial and prejudicial beliefs that existed at the time, Atticus feels obligated to accept Tom Robinson's case. Atticus Finch is a strong person who is well ahead of the times, who believes in Tom and who wishes to help him as much as possible. He also wants to set an example to his children against the prejudicial beliefs that they are growing up around. Besides Atticus, Jem and Scout, there are many other important characters in the book, especially as it progresses.As the book advances, the characters change. They evolve, become more or less important, and fall in and out of the story. For example, in the first part of the book, Miss Caroline is one of the main characters. She is Scout's first grade teacher, and it is in her classroom that Scout faces the first injustice done to her. Dill, who spends summers with his aunt, Rachel Haverford, in Maycomb, is also an important character in the first part of the book. He plays an important role in being a friend to Jem and Scout and brings out more information about Boo Radley. On the other hand, Boo Radley does not play an important role consistently throughout the book. In the beginning, he leaves gifts for the Finch children. After he can no longer do that, he is not heard from until the resolution of the novel, when he saves their life. Miss Maudie, the Finch's neighbor, is important through out the book. She is always around the help the children and shares her wisdom. Calpurnia, the black woman who works at the Finch's household, is also important throughout the book. She serves as a good example of the African-American community to the children. Another member of the household is Aunt Alexandra, Atticus Finch's sister. In the midst of the main conflict, she moves to Maycomb to live with her brother's family. At first there are many conflicts, but soon Aunt Alexandra is loved as part of the family in her own way. She is supportive of her brother, Atticus, even when she disagrees with him about the Robinson case. Atticus's client, Tom Robinson, is very important to the plot of the story, although he is not the main character. When the conflict is examined, he is the main protagonist. The Ewell family is in the story more than Tom, although they are featured as the antagonists. Other characters are Judge Taylor, who presides over Tom Robinson's case, Heck Tate, the county sheriff, Mr. Underwood, owner of The Maycomb Tribune, and Mrs. Dubose, an elderly neighbor.Although this book was published in 1960, it is set in the 1930s in Maycomb County, Alabama. It is a town that is full of southern pride, where everyone knows everyone else, where rarely does someone leave, and where judgments are formed about people from their last name. Because each family has a position in the county, and each person in that family just follows in the way their ancestors lived and behaved. Each class just keeps to themselves. It would seem like the town was divided into the townspeople, the Negroes, the country folk, and the people who live in trash despite their skin color. This story could happen anywhere, but the setting definitely accelerated the pace and depth of the plot. The author's purpose was to write a novel that explored the issue of prejudice in a way that everyone can feel and relate to. By writing through the eyes of a young girl from ages six to eight, it allows readers to look at complex, controversial issues in a simple, innocent way. Scout asks simple questions such as ""Why? Why does this happen? Why is this going on?"" Harper Lee makes the reader feel angry at the twisted prejudice that existed for so long. I think that the author accomplished her purpose the instant her successful book was published and later won the Pulitzer Prize.I can understand why this book has become a classic piece of American literature. The book conveys many emotions and completely shows the injustice and desperate feelings of humanity. The first half of the book focuses on building the atmosphere of the town and of the Finches and other residents. You learn of the school, the neighbors, the opinions of the town, and become familiar with the important character's lives. Then, you are thrown into the midst of Tom Robinson's trial. The whole community must face their personal prejudices and angry feelings of injustice and helplessness. You can see how the behavior of others affects the feelings and opinions of a person. I think that this is an important book that still holds a lot of meaning."
"To Kill A Mockingbird, by Harper Lee belongs in the pantheon of great American novels like Huck Fin. Indeed both stories are about children peering beneath the veneer of Southern life and coming face to face the ugly secrets of class distinction and racism. The discoveries of such secrets always lead children ultimately to the loss of their own innocence. However, unlike Huck Fin, Jem and Scout have Atticus Finch, their father, to guide them.  Atticus is aware he can't keep the world away from his children forever. Perhaps it is for this reason that Atticus, a lawyer, decides to represent a black man wrongly accused of rape. Atticus is that rarest of people, a man who is willing to lead by example. It is the example Atticus sets for his children during this trial which will stay with Jem and Scout for the rest of their lives. I read To Kill A Mockingbird first in middle school and again years later during college.  Upon my second read I was stunned by how much of the book I didn't understand during the first read. Everyone should be forced to read To Kill a Mockingbird twice. Full of profound and deeply moving truths regarding human nature, To Kill A Mockingbird is a complex and beautifully written novel.Preston McClear..."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a powerful and touching story. The author, Harper Lee, did a wonderful job of telling how young children evolve into young men and women. The novel tells of a small southern town and the dramatic events that change the town forever. To Kill a Mockingbird starts with Scout, a young girl telling about her and her brother Jems summer and the exciting events that occured during it. Scout and Jem were being raised by their widower father Atticus with the help of their housekeeper Clapurnia. Scout and Jem are very curious of the people and happenings in their town. Unpleasant things begin to occur in town though. Atticus, a lawyer, explains that he is defending a young black man, Tom Robinson, who is wrongfully accused of a serious crime. Since this is causing such an uproar, Scout and Jem want to know why he is doing it.  The writing flowed nicely with the telling of the children's innocent fun to the heart pounding hatred of the trial. During the summer it appears that the children grow up very quickly. In many situations, the kids learn the harsh realities of life. Examples would be when the neighbors house burned down, the trial, getting attacked, and meeting a recluse neighbor for the first time. The neighbors play major parts in this novel. They influence and teach Jem and Scout many things about the way people in the town view each other. This novel really shows how child like innocence can teach adults lessons and how easily it can be lost. To Kill a Mockingbird is an unforgettable novel that is recommended."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee tackles the moral and realistic views of racism in the story of a girl and her small southern town.  Set in Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930s, the book vividly depicts the issue of race and how a young girl overcomes the boundaries of color to show her community that there is more to someone than the color of their skin.  Scout, the main character, lives with her brother Jem and father, whom she calls Atticus.  Atticus teaches her and Jem that race really means nothing and that every person deserves the chance to be respected and treated fairly.  Atticus is completely non-violent and will not even show the children how to fire a weapon.  The family's black cook Calprunia tells the children to never kill a mockingbird, because they are only here to sing. During the summer Scout and Jem befriend a boy named Dill who becomes fascinated with an almost ""haunted"" house owned by Boo Radley.  The children begin to trespass on the mysterious property and soon find little gifts left in a knot in one of the trees.  They are shot at by Boo's father and in the chaotic events Jem loses his pants.  He finds them days later mended lying on the fence.  The children come to believe that Boo is behind all this confusion.Meanwhile, Atticus is assigned to a case involving a black man named Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a white woman.  Atticus tells his children that they might be taunted and treated unfairly because he was taking the case.  The children take the criticism openly and even spend Christmas in a black community and become friends with everyone there.  They attend a mass with Calprunia and become more comfortable with the open and accepting black community there. Sadly, Tom Robinson is found guilty by a racist, unfairly picked jury, even though Atticus proved that Tom did not rape the woman.  While in prison an angry mob wants to kill Tom. Acting quickly and effectively Scout talks the huge crowd of adults into not killing him and letting the whole fiasco go.  Imagine seeing a six year old talking a monstrous crowd out of killing an innocent man, whom she does not even, really know.The father of the ""raped"" girl attacks Jem and Scout, but Boo is mysteriously there to help them and ends up killing the crazed man.  Scout and Jem realize that Boo, even though different from them, is a truly caring and a good person. Harper Lee relates that the Mockingbird symbolizes innocence, which includes Tom Robinson, Jem, and Boo Radley.  These innocent characters have lost something or been almost destroyed by others. Needing help they unknowingly turn to Scout to recover what they have lost.  Lee also reveals that race can be conquered by even a six year old girl like Scout.  Scout shows the angry mob that what they are doing is wrong and is completely unnecessary, telling them they must treat everyone with respect.  Lee also depicts the morals of a small southern town, by the hate and racists beliefs that fill almost everyone's minds.  Through Scout, Harper Lee shows that the innocence of a child can overcome the terrible boundaries of race.  Harper Lee wrote a meaningful and symbolic story revealing that race is ultimately nothing and that every human should treat all of mankind with the respect that everyone deserves.  This is an outstanding novel that should be required reading for any child or adult. This novel can truly change the way you think about life and your fellow man."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee is a novel I believe that every adult should read. The story is told through the eye of a little girl called Scout.She started the story by narrating the events that led to her brother's arm being broken.The events in the story took place in the small Southern town of Maycomb, Alabama, during the Depression. To Kill a Mockingbrid decribes  a trial of black young man, Tom robinson who  was falsely accused of raping Mayella Ewell, the daughter of a drunk and violent white farmer. Atticus was called to  defended Tom Robinson and his children, Jem and Scout were caught up beyond their understanding because they were in the courtroom throughout the trial.Maycomb, a recially biased towm convited an innocent man, Tom Robinson for a crime he did not commit. Although it is set in the 1930's in Alabama, events like this or even worse still takes place in our modern world but thank goodness there are still few Atticuses who are true patriot of ethics and morality. To Kill a Mocking is a life changing novel and I recommend  that everybody should read  it."
"The story takes place in a small southern town.  Scout and her brother Jem are two young children being raised by their widower father Atticus and their housekeeper Calpurnia.  Tension is started to take place in the town for whites and blacks.  The black community in the town seem to like Scout's father and she doesn't understand why.  Her white friends are very racist and full of hostility.  Nasty things are said and heard by Scout.  She asks her father why.  Atticus is a lawyer, he is defending a young black man wrongfully accused of a grave crime.  All of this hatered stems from this case.  Atticus knows that it is the right thing to do.  The summer before Scout's first grade year her and Jem find a friend named Dill Harris.  He tries to get them into some trouble and they try to get the town's bogeyman, Boo Radly to come out.  Trouble is started in town with the adults as well.  Mayella Ewell is the daughter of a drunk and violet white farmer.  Tom Robison, a black man, is accused of raping Mayella Ewell.  Atticus is hired to defend him.  Both of the troubled scenes account for one death and a hell of a court case.  This whole time scout is trying to figure out the whole situation for herself.  This is a good book and very emotional and controversial.  The author Harper Lee does a terrific job making you want to read more."
"I loved To Kill a Mockingbird!  I'm 11 years old, in 6th grade and I read this book for school.  To Kill a Mockingbird was an awesome book and I would definately reccomend it to people of all ages.  This book really made me want to keep reading.""I wish there was a sequel"" was the first thing I said when I finished the book.  To Kill a Mockingbird is about racial segregation in the South, but there are a lot of hidden themes.  Its about Scout, a young girl growing up around predudice and rumors, and her life as she sees it.  For me, the best part is Boo Radley, the man who stays cooped up in his house all the time, and the rumors that people like Stephanie Crawford spread about him.  The ending is great, and is what I was hoping it would be like.  You should definately read this book!"
"Scout, a young girl in a quiet southern town, is about to experience the dramatic events that will affect the rest of her life. She and her brother Jem are being raised by their widower father Atticus and by a strong-minded housekeeper Calpurnia. Wide-eyed Scout is fascinated with the sensitively revealed people of her small town but, from the start, there's a rumble of thunder just under the calm surface of the life here. The black people of the community have a special feeling about Scout's father and she doesn't know why. A few of her white friends are inexplicably hostile and Scout doesn't understand this either. Unpleasant things are shouted and the bewildered girl turns to her father. Atticus, a lawyer, explains that he's defending a young Negro wrongfully accused of a grave crime. Since this is causing such an upset, Scout wants to know why he's doing it. ""Because if I didn't,"" her father replies, ""I couldn't hold my head up.""Scout Finch recalls three years of her childhood during the Depression in Maycomb, Alabama, beginning the summer before her first grade. She lives with her older brother Jem and their lawyer father, Atticus, a widower. That summer they find a new friend named Dill Harris, whose interest in stirring up drama leads the children to try to entice the town bogeyman, Boo Radley, to come out. Meanwhile, a drama affecting the adults begins as Mayella Ewell, the daughter of a drunk and violent white farmer, accuses Tom Robinson, an African-American, of rape. Atticus is called on to defend the accused while Scout and Jem struggle to understand issues of prejudice and justice. The two dramas intersect as one person is killed, Jem's arm is broken, and Boo Radley does indeed come out."
"Atticus Finch, a lawyer, is an honest and ethical man.  These characteristics he encourages on his children.  When he represents a young black man accused of rapping a white woman, the family is the aim of prejudices, racism, and criticism.  Growing up in Alabama during the 1930's, Scout and Jem Finch are aware of segregation, but do not fully understand it.  The children themselves are guilty of prejudice towards the town freak.  Because ""Boo"" Radley has not been seen in years, the two are in awe over his mystery.  To Kill a Mockingbird is told through the eyes of young Scout.  Acting very mature in conversation, Scout does not let on that she is only eight years old.  In reality, Scout does not understand what the accused rapist, Tom Robinson, has done.  Throughout the story, she comes to realize that the belief that he is guilty is not because evidence suggests so, but because he is black.  Harper Lee has created a true classic and a true masterpiece.  This is a book that I recommend everyone read at least once in their lifetime.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless novel that will stir all emotions."
"Harper Lee's book To Kill A Mockingbird delves into a small town in the rural south and examines the role that prejudice plays amongst the inhabitants.  The story as told from a young girl's point of view has light moments that are filled with the joy of playing with childhood friends and her sibling, Jem.  However, as the story progresses Scout is faced with the concerns that her classmates and neighbors have over her father, the town's most prominent lawyer, representing an innocent black man in a rape case against a white woman.  Racist people in their everyday lives confront Scout and her brother Jem and they must learn how to react to their hateful remarks.  Scout realizes the discrimination that many black citizens face in their everyday lives for the first time.  She doesn't understand the weight that her father's case has in both the families' and the town's everyday activities.  Scout begins to understand her father's kind and respectful nature and begins to respect more as an upstanding and moral citizen. To Kill A Mockingbird is set during a time that most young readers' parents and grandparents reflect upon as a time with a tremendous communal bond.  The wonderful sense of community takes the reader back to a time in our history where neighbors cared about each other.  However, it also brought back to life the very real prejudices that many African-Americans were faced with during the era of the depression.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this story and appreciated the glimpse of the not so distant past that it provided me with."
"To whomever this concerns,I am reading To Kill a Mockingbird in my enlish class and in my opinion, as far as i have read, the book seems suspenseful and entertaining.  One of my favorite parts is when Jem, Scout, and Dill sneak around the Radley's house at night and Jem ends up losing his pants and goes back for them later.  This part kept me on my toes for a while!  What is your favorite part of the book?  I would greatly appreciate it if you would respond to my review."
"Different people view the same events in different ways.  In Harper Lee's novel, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", similar occurrences are interpreted in a wide variety because of beliefs, morals and values.  These non-uniform perspectives are what make each character so tangible.Every event that occurs in the novel is trans scripted through the eyes of Scout Finch.  Each character perspective, therefore, becomes an aspect of her point of view.  Her brother's courage is an excellent example of this.  ""Jem was a born hero"", pronounces a simple opinion of how Jem is deep down being admired by Scout, even though the two often have trouble getting along.  It is the subconscious bonds between the two that keep them from slipping away when times get rough.  However, Scout is seldom pleased about her brother's journey into manhood.  When Calpurnia tells Scout that Jem is just about Mr. Jem, Scout scoffs ""He ain't that old.  All he needs is someone to beat him up, and I ain't big enough"", rationalizing how Scout respects her brother, yet the respect will not extend so far as to consider him an equal to any adults.  To Scout, Jem just requires assistance in assuring him he's not as old as he thinks.  Scout just isn't up to the challenge.  However, because Scout has such a strong admiration for her brother, much of his masculinity rubs off.  This is also due to the fact that Scout never had a true mother.  Most displeased with Scout's un-ladylike behavior is Aunt Alexandria, who becomes aggravated when she learns that Scout wants to be friends with a poor, uneducated Cunningham.  ""You're enough of a problem to your father as it is"", demonstrates Aunt Alexandria's quest to make Scout behave in a more feminine way only leads to more static between the two.  Scout clearly has an agenda all her own.  Not Alexandria, not Jem, not even Atticus can change her attitude.Atticus is a father, a lawyer, and a human being.  But in many ways, he is more than all of those.  To Miss Maudie, he is a symbol of respect and gratitude.  ""Whether Maycomb knows it or not, we're paying the highest tribute we can pay a man.  We trust him to do right"" exemplifies how Miss Maudie's intelligence enables her to take everything Atticus does that she may not agree with, and respect him for daring to accomplish the things no other man could challenge.  Atticus could just as well give up on the trial, or stop caring, but his will is too strong.  He could never allow himself to betray another man.  When the townspeople send Atticus their gifts of redemption, Atticus, while impressed, must also say ""They must never do this again.  Times are too hard"", demonstrating Atticus, while he is obviously being respected, holds an equal respect for the people of Maycomb.  He knows that it wasn't easy for so many of the families to show how grateful they were.  In this way, Atticus shows he has humility for everything he does.  Because of his pending antiviolence beliefs, Atticus rarely becomes angry.  Instead, he forces himself to realize that as horrible as people sometimes seem, they're still human.  ""If spitting in my face and threatening me saved Mayella Ewell one extra beating, that's something I will gladly take"", describes the father's best method of defense is to not lower himself to the level of Bob Ewell.  By doing this,  Atticus can avoid a serious complication, while standing up for his personal beliefs and keeping his dignity.  More people than he may realize approve his courage and honesty.  Miss Maudie's appreciation runs farther than anyone else, even Atticus' own family.  She has nothing but praise for every action he makes.  ""If Atticus Finch drank until he was drunk he wouldn't be as hard as some men are at their best"", associates the fact that if the worst of Atticus could suddenly be brought out of him, if his superiority began to deteriorate, if he was no longer the cunning, respectful man he was, he would still be a better man than a person like Bob Ewell could ever become.  This statement proves that no one is as proud of Atticus as Miss Maudie.  And yet, Atticus very rarely shows that he is proud of himself.  ""If I didn't [defend Tom Robinson] I couldn't hold my head up in town, I couldn't represent this county in the legislature, I couldn’t even tell you or Jem not to do something again"" is a perfect example of a summary of Atticus' beliefs and values.  He must defend a man with no hopes of winning against a racist jury and a clever lawyer while attempting to keep his dignity and father two growing children.  Will he gain a sense of accomplishment from all this?  Perhaps.  The feeling that the right thing has been done?  Probably.  Just proving that he did the best he could, and that he tried his hardest?  Definitely.  That is his only reward, but for Atticus it is more than enough."
"I especially like this book because it kills off a lot of stereotypes. For example, it proves that girls who live in the South aren't always 'delicate' and 'fragile' like most people think they are. Scout, the main character in this book, gets a shotgun for Christmas and wears boy's clothes while most girls her age get jewelry, makeup and frilly dresses. Also, Atticus, her father, is the first positive white male character who lives in the South. As you read this book you will find a number of plots, but especially it's about how Scout sees her father handle a case when a black man is accused of raping a white woman in the 1930's even when he's innocent. This is a great book; especially if you want to learn about life in the South in the 1930's."
"seriouly bad. there is no main plot, its just short stories all stuck toghether, the characters are unbelivible, the writing is boring. i had to read it in english, and found it so boring. the main story about the trial, finishes half way through the book so after that its just little boring stories about scout and jem. not a good book, nothing happens interesting."
"Harper Lee enthralls us all with the timeless classic, To Kill A Mockingbird, a memorable story of 2 children growing up in a small Southern town in Alabama.  The unforgetable characters, Jem and Scout Finch let readers experience the thrill of their heart racing adventures.  Jem and Scout experience the hatred and cruelty that the African Americans went through in the south after their father, Atticus Finch, is  asked to defend a black man in a serious black vs. white court case.  The urge to reveal the small town mystery man makes this novel a laugh-out-loud comedy.  After Jem and Scout's Aunt Alexandra comes to straighten out the Finch children, and turn them into a gentleman and a lady, rebellion becomes even more fun.  Adventurous, intriguing, and breathtaking, To Kill A Mockingbird won the Pulitzer prize soon after its 1960 release, and was later transformed into an Academy award winning film.  This tale thrills readers with excitement and adventure; it's a natural page-turner!"
"Ever since I read this in 10th grade, it has been my favorite book.  I have read it several times and each time, I find something in there that is new.  It is definately a timeless classic.I think having Scout narrate the book as an adult looking back on her childhood isn't a new concept, but this is the kind of story that it works great in.  Seeing Macomb County through the eyes of a young child gives it a bit of nostalgic innocence.If you want to see the movie, read the book first."
"I was curious how a few years might change the perspective I had on this book from the first time I read it, in grade 10. Indeed, I think I have benefitted from having a more grown-up view to this material, given how much weight it carries, even if the story is told from the point of view of a youth.""To Kill A Mockingbird"" tells the story of an Alabama family, the Finch's, who get caught up a racial battle in their small town as Atticus, a father and widower, defends a black man against the charge of rape. The story is told rather wonderfully from the point of view of Scout, a naive and hot-headed young girl with a nose for a fight, who wanders among many stories, from the eccentric Radleys, to playground fights, to wondering why her father continues to defend that man everyone seems so intent on lynching.""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a wonderful story. It's sweet and poignant and principled without ever being schmaltzy or loaded with sentiment. Among the strongest points, in my opinion, are the little conversations Atticus has with others explaining why he's doing what he's doing, the court sequences, and the subplot with Arthur Radley. There is a pervasive theme of not judging others before getting to know them which is a lasting, timeless message.Recommended to everyone.Matthew D. Johnston"
"I read this book for a school assighnment. At first I thought that this book was quite boring but as the story line continued the plot developed a great climax. As I read more into the book I had an urge to read on. The main charachters in this book are: Jem, Scout and Atticus, The minor characters are: Dill, Boo Radley,and the Ewells. What I liked about this book was that it had other stories that were also happening which prevented us from getting bored.This book lets us see how kids in the past coped with prejudice. This book definetely deserves 5 stars because it stands out from all the other books that have been written."
"I'm not going to go into all the depths of what this book is about, and what it symbolizes.  If your 9th grade English teacher did not make you read this book, or you only read the cliff notes, you must read it.  It is a classic for a reason, and everyone should read it."
The plot of TO Kill a Mockingbird get's two thumbs up as they say in the movies. I felt that the author did a good job by making us see it from an eight year olds perpective.Well it took place in old town during the time racism occured. I felt that alone had me intrigued to read the book . It was intersting tome because the book had two different stories going on at one time.  I felt that the author showed me as a reader that a kid growing up with a single parent was hard and that it's even harder when your parent is a hard worker and he doesn't have time to see you so you go and start own adventures like Scout and Jem do by trying to find things about there scary  and mysterious neighbor Bo Radley.  In my opinion I would say that the author portrayed Atticus as a man who does what he thinks is right by defending a African American man who he thinks is innocent eventhough knowing the whole town will look at him and his kids differently.That made me think about all my past situations where I had to the do the right thing. I thought the book had key elements but the part I liked the most was when Scout met Bo and found out that he was a good  man. That tells the reader to don't judge a book by it's cover.  I recommend for everyone to read this book because this book has a lot of meaning to it. It shows the way a kid grows up in rough times and the racial issues in that period of time. I gave the book four stars because after every chapter I wanted to read it not knowing what to expect.
"I have juss finish reading To Kill a Mockingbird and i liked it. The story starts off in a town called Maycomb. The characters are Jem and Scount Finch along with their father, Atticus Finich. Atticus is an attorney and he is defending an african-american man, Tom Robinson, because he is acused of raping a white girl, Mayella Ewell. Jem and Scout are the two kids that try to get Boo Radley out of his house. Boo is supposedly a big, tall monster-child. Jem and Scout meet a new kid from the block, Dil, who is visiting for the summer. He dared Jem to touch the side of the Radley house. Jem does it and they never messed with the Radleys til Dil came back next summer. When he comes back, they are wiser, so they decide to go to the Radley house at night. When they do Nathan Radley, Boo's brother, scares they off with a shot of his shotgun. When they run off over the wire fence, Jems pants got stuck on it. When he came back to get in the next night Jem went back and tried getting his pants back, and he found the rip stitched up and ready for him to get it. It was the work of Boo Radley. They find that Boo isnt a bad person, but they he is friendly.  I would really recommed this book if you like reading race-related books. This book also has mischif in it when Scout and Jem try to get Boo to come out. I thought this book was really good because I like the whole jist of the book. The whole getting Boo out of his house part was really good because of the sneaking around part and stuff. I really liked this book and recommend everyone to read it atleast once."
"I chose this book knowing already it was a classic novel of our time.  So I decided to experience this book myself, and right away I fell in love with it.  Every moment was excellently described, down to the last detail.  The character depictions drew me in as I could relate to the way Jem and Scout acted.  The events that occurred were interesting and Harper Lee writes the novel with such imagery, it is easy to imagine everything going on.  The book is easy to understand, though it contains lots of symbolism, including the title itself To Kill A Mockingbird.  The book definitely deserves 5 stars."
"Lee's only pulitzer price winning novel is a true classic! Lots of good characters and a nice plot filled with the issues that we're all struggling with today (e.g. racism, flaws in justice, torn relationships, and judgmental people)...I liked how all the characters interacted with each other and stuck by each other except at the part where it came to the trial of Tom Robinson. You have people rooting for him and people wanting him to be punished for a crime he never committed, which divides the line of love and coming together in a realistic way as told by Harper Lee....do read this novel and I assure you you will like it and consider it a well-written classic."
"This book is so well written that I feel like I want to memorize at least half of the 250+ pages.Atticus seems to be perfect to be true yet probably everyone knows a few Atticus -- men/women who are normal but great.  I know a few and realized after reading this book that they're such treasured friends.As a parent, Atticus is a great model of parents who are trying to raise independent, righteous, brave...childen.  I'm going to send this book to my best girlfriend who is about to deliver a baby.I seldom finish up a novel and almost never collect books.  But this book will be with me until I can memorize it."
"In post 9/11 21st America, kids can't go two feet without holding their parents hands. If they do, they risk rape and mutilation at the hands of the products of late 20th century political correctness. Harper Lee's brilliant novel gives us a view of what is what like at the other end of the pendulum swing, and lets us see what life was like back then - through the eyes of a very young, precocious tomboy named Scout. All of the ills that plague our society are there... rape, prejudice, fear of the unknown, and just plain meanness. Ms. Lee confronts these ills, but leads you slowly through a gentile, scenic picture of Maycomb County, Alabama during the Great Depression.I was first introduced to this story by watching the movie on TV in the late 1960's and was fascinated with the story from the children's point of view. Later, when reading the novel in the 10th grade I realized that Ms. Lee had given us a compelling masterpiece dealing with crime, ignorance, prejudice, innocence, and community that stands out as one of the most enduring classics of the last century. Children were still allowed to be children back then. We follow the adventures of Scout, her older brother Jem, and their friend Dill until their adventures bring us into the rape trial of Tom Robinson, a black man being defended by her father. It is against the backdrop of the a 1930s rape trial that we are introduced to Atticus Finch, one of the best written father figures to ever spring from the mind of an author. His client is a black man accused of raping a white woman. It is through his relationship with his children that we experience the need to transcend social injustice with courage and compassion. The dialect of the characters, the colorful locals, and the rhythm and pace of the story is perfect. It is seasoned with humor, suspense, and some of the most wonderfully entertaining narrative prose I have ever read. I just re-read this book for the 15th time, and still highly recommend. Whether you're 15 or 95, To Kill A Mockingbird is still a sensational reading experience. After reading To Kill a Mockingbird you'll wish we had more people like Atticus Finch to make us feel safe and protected."
"Alright, I'm only going to say this once.  You better be listening because I'm not going to repeat myself.  I have only one thing to say about this novel and it is this.  Quite simply, this is the finest, greates, the best American novel ever written.  The sad truth, it is Harper Lee's only.  If one person is capable of such art and beauty, you want them to write every word in their head.  Alas, no.  But that's it, there is no greater American novel, and I will argue with anyone who dares to prove to me otherwise.  It is the classic tale of growing and learning life.  Facing tragedy and coming face to face with discovery.  It is about innocence lost and innocence that stolen.  It is about the indominable human spirit deep within us all.  IT IS THE BEST AMERICAN NOVEL EVER WRITTEN!!!"
"Oddly, I'd never read To Kill a Mockingbird as a high school student. Nor had I ever seen the famous film with Gregory Peck. Fortunately, I also avoided learning the entire plot through cultural osmosis. Sure, I knew who Boo Radley was-- didn't I? Atticus Finch... yeah, I know who that is... right?Boy, was I wrong. Last week I finally decided it'd been long enough, and I sank into Harper Lee's only novel with high expectations. And I was certainly not disappointed. With its slow, warm and evocative opening chapters, Mockingbird starts off like a sulty summer day in the South. Lee depicts a South of ""whistling bob white,"" biscuits and warm milk, and ladies who on the hottest days bathe twice by noon and then douse themselves in lavender-smelling powder.Jean-Louise Finch, better known as Scout, narrates the story with the keen eye of an adult looking back on a childhood rich with incidents that shaped who she has become. Scout reminded me of some of Carson McCullers's heroines (Member of the Wedding, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter), but without the morbid loneliness and heartbreak. Scout might be described as a tomboy, but that would be doing her a disservice. Her adventures with her older brother Jem, and their dimunitive friend Dill (real name: Charles Baker Harris. ""Your name's longer'n you are,"" Jem points out) evoke the timeless place of childhood.As for Atticus Finch, what can one say about a father who seems to embody the greatest of virtues? He is tolerant, patient, kind, and understanding. He does not meddle with his children's affairs, he speaks to them as fellow adults (he allows them to call him ""Atticus""), and his skill as a lawyer is legendary. Lee presents Atticus in a tough and sensitive manner, so that his believability is paramount.The other characters in the book are also depicted with great skill: Aunt Alexandra, bane of Scout's existence; Miss Maudie, who gives as good as she gets when harassed by intolerant neighbors; Calpurnia, the ever-present black maid who has as much a hand in Jem and Scout's well-being as Atticus; and of course the Ewells, whose poverty and ignorance help set the plot in motion.Harper Lee has written a wonderful book that pulses with life, with compassion, and easy good humor. Watching Atticus face down an angry mob set on lynching a black man, or racing with Jem as he escapes gunshots from the Radley house, or sitting with Scout as she forced to join her aunt's church lady reception, or taking that long midnight walk with Jem and Scout, is pure joy; these are scenes that reverberate in the reader's mind and surely in the minds of several generations of readers. I'm glad I can now say I'm one of them."
"My English professor recomended me this book, and I loved it.  I have to admit it was a little boring at the beginning, but it catched up towards the end. I do recomend this book, and as many other readers said, it is a must to read it again."
"Usually I am against anything I have to read for school BEFORE I start to even read it. And then when I read it, usually it is boring anyway. Not To Kill A Mockingbird. I was ok about reading it for school, for I'd heard it was good. And it was. The story was great (and sad). The topics were really covered good. Ok, so it's about this girl (Scout) and her brother (Jem). Their dad is a lawyer who has to defend a black man against white people. This book was written to take place in a time where people are predjudice against black people, so a lot of people are against Jem and Scout's dad (Atticus) for defending the black man. But Atticus doesn't care. I hope this isn't getting too long and boring for people to read. There is another (smaller) plot in that there is a guy who never leaves his house. Scout and Jem and their friend Dill try different things to try to get him to leave his house. Does he? I'm not going to say. But even though I had to read this for school (with a teacher telling us that there was sybolism in an alarm clock, snowman, dog, and many, MANY other things, and I didn't understand any of the symbolism stuff) I thought this book was good! The message was great, and I highly reccomend To Kill A Mockingbird!"
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is best put at unforgettable. You get pulled into this novel and feel as though you are reading about Scout mature and grow-up, you are grwoing up and maturing with her.  Harper Lee paints a very vivid picture of the South, all the while including a moral dilemma as well. I think that this book shows that you should never give up hope and you should always fight for what you belive in even if the odds are against you."
"I had thought, after reading House on Mango Street, that all books in sophomore year were dull and pointless. This book, however, was excellent.I was getting sick of all those ""spunky female lead"" stories and, while this may fall under that category, it is still a very good book.Unfortunately, my teacher was disorganized and we didn't get to finish reading the book. I got the Cliff's notes and read them after school was out because my mom said that would be the best idea. Uh...that's mothers for ya.Anyhow, all I'm really trying to say is that this book is meaningful and deep and all that stuff while still managing to be funny.That is what makes a good book."
"A typical paragraph in this book reads""Jem"", said Scount""yes"" said Jem""would you like to play in the garden"" said Scout""Some other time"" said Jem""ok"" said Scout""Go away now"" said Jem...Painful to read"
"To Kill A Mockingbird is about a young girl, who is named Jean-Louise, nicknamed Scout, that grows up in a small, dilapidated town where racial prejudice and hatred are in the extreme.  The setting revolves around Maycomb, a sluggish-moving town where snow seems a mere fantasy.  Maycomb presents seemingly uninhabited mansions and two colliding worlds of races that create an air of suspense and integrity. Maycomb is the perfect setting where the characters get entwined into the rushing whirlpool of schemes and intrigues.  Scout, her big brother Jem, and their close friend Dill, encounter the wrath of Mrs. Dubose, become mystified by the eccentricity of the Radley Place, and witness the injustice of racial discrimination.  To Kill A Mockingbird provides a picture of man's inhumanity to man and the effect it has upon the innocence of mind.  The main character, Scout, values frankness and openness.  On the playground, she would never walk away from a fight.  Scout maintains a high-spirited independence, but she represents a dynamic character.  Being a young child, Scout is as gullible as a dandelion in the wind.  She turns whatever way others are thinking and is easily guided.  Scout radiates the image of being a tomboy from the manner of expressing herself to the overalls that she wears under her dress.  Characterization is developed indirectly by characters' qualities by showing their personality and the way they carry themselves during troubles.  One of my favorite characters is Boo Radley, whom all the children try to persuade to come out of his house.  Boo Radley represents our darkest fears.  Maycomb radiates with injustice and the sufferings of the less appreciated race.  These evils tear everyone apart so that they want to hide in hopes that the problems will diminish.  Boo Radley symbolizes that the Maycomb society knows about the racial injustice against Negroes, but is too afraid of change to fix their beliefs.The author's style in To Kill A Mockingbird is conversational and simple.  The word choice enables you to leave the world of high literacy and reach a place where actions are not expressed in high, intricate words, but in commonplace English.  Plain words give a feeling of real heart-to-heart situations while words that are sophisticated resemble an idea that is multifaceted and so complex that knowing the true meaning would be a presumption.  To Kill A Mockingbird is a thoroughly woven tale without too much simplicity; a replica of the ways of life."
"This book is very, very good.Thats all i can say.heh heh."
"this book is wonderful.  it was slow in the begginning, but got better and better.  I went into thinking how awful it was going to be because it is a classic.  I was wrong.  This is the best classic book i have ever read.  It is a very quick read that is hard to put down."
"This book is a timeless classic.  It shows how brutal people can be given their surroundings.  When three children experience the depths of prejudice, they realize how cruel and closed minded people can be.  A great read.The reason I didn't give this book a fifth star was because of the poor ending.  It was too ... unreal and the final pages didn't show the depths of the story and didn't give a very nice closure.  I could predict the last chapter from the very beginning.Overall, pretty good.  Lots of symbolism and depth."
"It's inarguable that this is a terrific book.  It tells the tale of just how evil racism can be, and shows the best (Atticus Finch) and worst men can be.  I also think it's interesting that Truman Capote was the model for the character Dill, since Capote and Lee were childhood friends."
"First read this one in High School as required reading for English, and with no regrets.  Timeless classic."
"This is a book that everyone can relate to... it takes place around maybe the mid-1900s... the book has lines to ponder to find the real underlying meaning.  some parts can be slow, but overall it is a book for people who will appreaciate excellent literature."
"The story is about a girl, Scout, growing up in a very small town. Her father takes a case that will change their family's whole life. It is witty and deep, all at once.It is the absolute best book in the world. The way Harper Lee narrates this book in a growing girl's point of view is fantastic. You'll never be able to put the book down!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is definitely the best novel I have ever read.  I did a book report on it last year and expected it to be like any other book I had read that year, but I was in for a surprise.  I found every page to have a deeper meaning, than it appeared, that clued the reader in on how one should live life, or what the ""real world"" is really like.  This is a book that everyone can benefit from reading.  The values and emotions exposed in this book are too great to tell about.  One must read this book to understand the depth of its greatness.  This is terrific book for book reports, but also an excellent choice for personal enjoyment as well.  If you have not read this book then you are truly missing out."
"Harper Lee has written a book that shows us the cruelty of the human being towards the black man and those who support him very clearly through the eyes of a child. Lee makes the book easy to relate to for a middle-school student, but then drones on with long, hard to comprehend speeches that bore the reader. However, Lee then fills the book with small bits of suspense that leave you on the edge of your seat. The details are vivid, and paint a good picture of what she is talking about. Lee uses strong characterization so you feel as if you know the characters, but then kills many of them off very quickly. Lee however teaches good life lessons with themes you can relate to, but uses poor transitions between them. In the end I feel this is a fairly good book for a middle-school student and give it three-and-a-half stars."
"To Kill A Mockingbird takes place in Maycomb Country. It is a small town where everyone knows each other and is fairly close. The book is told in first person from Scout Finch's point of view. Her, her brother Jem and her father Atticus Finch live in a house in Maycomb with their black servant Calpurina. Atticus, who is a lawyer, is hired to defend a black man in court who was accused for raping a white women. Although Atticus is uneasy about defending the man, he knows it is the right thing to do, although the whole town talks about him behind is back for years to come, calling him a n**** lover. Thefamily finds out what it is like, to stand up for what you believe in. This is somewhat hard for Scout and Jem because of their short tempers however they try their best to be thebetter person and look away when people call their father names. The book also shows Jem and Scout and how they grow up over the years with exciting tales, adventures andjourneys. Their memories and tales are irreplaceable.  Most of this excitement is over the summer with their friend Dill, who comes to Maycomb every summer to stay with hisaunt. The three children go about the years, wondering about the mysteries of Boo Radley the Finch's neighbor, who hasn't been seen to anyone in the town in many years, rumorhas it he is dead. Together they encounter childhood adventures, which don't seem so dramatic when they grow up, however at the time were very important. The main focus in the book is on the loss of innocence and also bravery. This book is extremely well written, and has many strengths. One technique used in Harper Lee's writing that is extremely effective is symbolism. In fact, it is such a bigpart of Lee's writing that even the title of her book is the united symbol throughout the novel. To Kill a Mockingbird is a very meaningful phrase in the book. For example whenthey explain why you should never kill a mockingbird in the middle of the book,""Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't next in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" The mockingbird represents innocence throughout the novel. Since the basic theme is the loss of innocence, the characters aresaying that you should never loose the innocence, kill an innocent bird. In the book so many things end up to be not as innocent, so different then they are thought to be in thebeginning. For example the town of Maycomb was such a sweet little innocent town. Everyone was friendly, it was the perfect life. However in the ending we realize that trulyMaycomb and the people who did live there were not so innocent, but in fact extremely racist. This entire part of the book that makes you wonder about what the title and the theme really do mean, is a great strength in the book. Another strength in To Kill a Mockingbird  is the ending. So many different events occur in the book and the ending ties everything together. The ending is not happy,however it gives you a reassurance that everything is going to be all right and there are almost no unanswered questions. Even Scout who is still but a child has many of herquestions about life almost figured out, and has been throughout many experiences people her age might never be in. ""As I made my way home I thought, Jem and I would get grown but there wasn't much else left for us to learn, except possibly algebra."" This book did not have many weaknesses at all. The beginning is a little slow moving however. For example some things are explained in detail that have no meaning tothe plot or story line. For example some of the scenes at school , and some of the scenes over their first summers with Dill. Other than that there are no weaknesses. Over all, I think this was one of the best novels I have ever read. Not only does it have a wonderful and in depth plot, but the characters in it seem like you could be therefriends. They are described with so much detail, that when you are done reading, you want to read more about what happens to them. For example does Scout ever become ladylike, and do more people in the town except Atticus for defending the Negro, Tom Robinson in court. After reading this novel you feel like you can do anything you put your heart to, and you can stand up for what you believed. This is so because every character does thissometime in the book."
"As a teenager, I am enthralled by a book I can relate to, wether it be through characters, situations, themes or attitudes. This is a book which I have found is very difficult to relate to as a 15 year old. The content, while being captivating, has no relevance to me, as the characters are either under the age of 12, or over 50. I believe that most would disagree with this opinion, but any teenager wanting to read a book about injustice should read either Bryce Courtenay's JESSICA or Adeline Yen Mah's FALLING LEAVES. I believe these are truly inspirational books."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is perhaps the best written novel in American History.  Author Harper Lee takes readers back to the deep south with her descriptive writing.  Jem, Dill and Scout are unforgettable characters along with Atticus providing a positive role for the three careless youths.  This book will take one back to their childhood days where everyone lived by an old spooky house such as the Radley's.  Harper Lee vividly describes the innocence of the children through Scout who is the narrator for the novel.  This book is a must read.  One that you will want to read again and again."
"This was a magnificent book told from the viewpoint of the little girl of a white family.  This story contains elements of racism, feminism, and reverse racism. A story in which choices had to be made between what was traditional and what was right. This is very heartwarming and it never got boring.  I recommend this title to anyone."
"I tried to read this book when I was 11, and, with the help of my mom reading the first page (to get me started) I went off and read the whole thing and really liked it.  Then, the next year it was an assignment in school, so I read it again when I was about 13, and it was great again - I noticed things I hadn't noticed before.  Now at 17, I plan on reading it yet another time and enjoying more subtle things I hadn't seen before, and understanding more complex concepts that had been too far away from my own life at 11 or 13.  Anyone should read this book regardless of their age.  All people at differnt stages in their life will interpret the message differently and relate to different charactors at different levels."
"Simply put, this is a novel about racism written for people who received their knowledge about racism from this book! There isn't a single insighful moment in this overrated piece of drek, and frankly it is an insult to intelligent readers everywhere...Filled with more stereotypes than an epidode of Good Times, this novel features the archetypal White hero with few flaws, his perfect children, the maid with just the right amount of ""colored wisdom,"" a black amn who is little more than a dullard, and the evil redneck who actually commited the crime! The problem with novels such as this is that instead of depicting reality, they present a world where minorities are at best well-meaning simpletons who need to be rescued by perfect white males from all those ""unenlightened"" white meanies! Kids should reads history texts...they're more entertaining."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is possibly one of those books that you thought (as I did) you'd read because you saw the movie. Take no chances -- pick it up and read it now! This is truly an American masterpiece. If you've seen the movie, its plot is faithful to the book. But you need to experience the subtle dances Harper Lee displays in her writing -- how she interweaves social ""conventions"" with the emotions and reactions of children who don't understand ""the rules"" because their wonderful father, whom they had always taken for granted, never taught them how to be racists or snobs. The characters are so complete I felt I could reach out and touch them. The simple narrative that explains the title is truly beautiful and becomes a heart-piercing metaphor that has stayed with me. People have written volumes about how wonderful this book is. Just do yourself a favor and read it!"
"This book is really great.  It is the so much like life itself that I can't really tell.  Life is not perfect-there are many inconviniences and problems, some major, some minor.  This book perfectly reflects that.  There are friends, enemies, etc.  If I was one of the characters, I would never have thought ""this place is not realistic"".  It is just the kind of life one could have.  I couln't put it down until I was done.  It is a masterpiece."
"I'm really not the kind of person who likes these types of books. Mostly I prefer fantasy or action books. But, even though this book didn't really have a major conflict until around the middle of the book, it kept my attention throughout. This is without a doubt one of the best books I have ever read. For this to be Harper Lee's first novel is amazing; it quite literally shocked me that it was so good. On the outside it seems like a simple tale of a young girl's life growing up in a small town. If you dig deeper, though, you find that it is a complex story that deals with the topic of racism. The plot is wonderfully woven in this book and I would recommend it to anyone who likes major conflicts; this book is that good."
"I'm really not the kind of person who likes these types of books. Mostly I prefer fantasy or action books. But, even though this book didn't really have a major conflict until around the middle of the book, it kept my attention throughout. This is without a doubt one of the best books I have ever read. For this to be Harper Lee's first novel is amazing; it quite literally shocked me that it was so good. On the outside it seems like a simple tale of a young girl's life growing up in a small town. If you dig deeper, though, you find that it is a complex story that deals with such topics as racism. The plot is wonderfully woven in this book and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to read; this book is that good"
Harper Lee writes a wondeful novel that shows us the very best and worst parts of life.
"This is by far one of the best books I have ever read. It is a poignant tale of a sleepy Alabama town, beautifully narrated by young Scout Finch. It's bittersweet tone is bound to leave a print  in your heart. A book people of all ages will enjoy."
"We read this book in class. Whenever we stopped reading everyone would groan and ask if we could go on. The teachers would smile and say, 'No, but we'll continue reading tomorrow. And whatever you do, do not read ahead.' Some did not listen to the teachers and when we would take out our books they would smile as if listening to an inside joke. This amazing story was my favorite of all our class reads this year. Harper Lee did a wonderful job pulling two story lines together. No part of the story was jumbled or confused beyond repair. The two story lines ran smoothly across each other every now and then and all the 'seams' were 'invisible'.  I doubt I will ever read such a spectacular book for a while."
"I loved this book. It seemed like I could relate very well with Scout, Jem, and Atticus. I reccomend this book to anyone who likes reading in general. I think it is one of the best books I have ever read. It is definetely in my top 5."
wow! this is truly one of the greatest books written in the 20th century. it is well deserved the praise. it was later turned into one of the greatest films all time as well. it is a beautiful story about tolerance and racial prejudice. it also had probably the best Dad in the universe. i sure hope that someday i could be just as good of a father.
"Please don't let the fact that this book won the Pulitzer Prize and was required reading in your high school freshman English class keep you from reading it. Not only does it encompass some universal human values of compassion and integrity, but it's a great story all to itself, and fun to read. It's told from the point of view of a little girl who likes to run around in overalls, throw batons into the air, make up plays with her brother, and crawl into her daddy's arms at the end of a long stressful day. It's a great read. Really. Try it."
"I had an aunt that took care of the children of her brothers and sisters (meaning my cousins, my brothers and I).  As a 8 year old child she had us watch the movie with Gregory Peck, it is in b/w.When I was in the 9th grade (a freshman), this book was a requirement, but I knew it already from years before.  And I got an A where this book was concerned.  It's a true classic with life lessons to learn and remember.Well my aunt died in January 2002 and I found the book and kept it as a momento (among other things) and I still remember watching the movie after all these years.  My aunt influenced all of us kids more than she knew.Set in the small Southern town in Alabama, during the Depression, this book follows three years in the life of Scout Finch, her brother, Jem, and their father, Atticus--three years punctuated by the arrest and eventual trial of a young black man accused of raping a white woman.  Though her story explores big themes, Ms. Lee chooses to tell it through the eyes of a child. The result is a tough and tender novel of race, class, justice, and the pain of growing up.Ms. Lee takes awhile getting to the point of her tale; we first meet the Finches the summer before Scout's first year at school. She, her brother, and Dill Harris, a boy who spends the summers with his aunt in Maycomb, while away the hours reenacting scenes from Dracula and coming up with ideas in how to get a glimpse of the boogyman down the street, Boo Radley. At first the circumstances surrounding the alleged rape of Mayella Ewell, the daughter of a drunk and violent white farmer, barely penetrate the children's consciousness. Then Atticus is called on to defend the accused, Tom Robinson, and soon Scout and Jem find themselves caught up in events beyond their understanding. During the trial, the town exhibits its ugly side, but Lee offers plenty of counterbalance as well in other things.  By turns funny, wise, and heartbreaking, To Kill a Mockingbird is one classic that continues to speak to new generations, and deserves to be reread often by child and adults alike."
"""2 kill a mockinbird"" is 1 of the Gr8ESt books i have EvER read! Harper Lee is a WOnDeRFuL writer n has a humongous ability 2 keep the reader in focus w the story. the book is very fun 2 read n the story is so EvENtFuL that the reader never lacks the interest to go on. it has a very good moral 2 it n a gr8 BiG PUrpOSe. it is so interestin that u NeVEr wanna put it down! after it's been read throo, the 1st thing u wanna do is StARt it all OvER AGaiN!"
"To think, I almost got away with never reading this book, thankfully a friend recommended it.  The lessons in it were not lost on me.  If only all children were given the opportunities Scout was given by her father.  I can read this book over and over again!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is about the life in a southern town back in the early days described through the eyes of a little girl named Scout.  Scout and her brother Jem face many obstacles because they are the children of a lawyer who is defending a Negro.  During this time many people of the town could not accept that.  The children were also caught up in the mystery behind the man next door, named Boo Radley, who never would come out of his house.  Scout and Jem also experience the difficulty in understanding just how life was.  As a reader I could feel how the children were affected by the situations in the story.  Scout was the youngest and most vulnerable making her the most exciting character in the book. In the first chapter, I could see how much I could relate to Scout.  I was quickly drawn to the description of her character and the fearless attitude she portrayed.  The games she and her brother played are the same games most children play today.  It was easy to relate to her way of understanding and going about things because she was so young.  When Scout wanted to know the who, what, when, why, and how of everything and would not give up until she understood is the way every child is when they want to know about something.  Scout's curiosity and intelligence makes the reader become more involved. This story makes the reader go through a series of emotions.  One minute we enjoy seeing the children play together, then the next minute we get a suspenseful feeling trying to understand the situation behind Boo Radley.  It was interesting to read this book and get the chance to picture the days when prejudice was a major issue even to the point of costing the life of a character.  My favorite part in the story was when Scout got into fights.  She was always protecting her family and herself from anyone who would say bad things about them.  Her father tried to show her the lady like way ""on going about things"" especially when people would talk about him.  Because she respected her father, she tried to keep his wishes. I recommend that this book continue to be a selection in reading assignments in school everywhere.  I encourage students to read this book because I believe it can change a person's view of prejudice.  The younger the reader is, the more they can relate to the story and picture growing up in those days.  It is educational to read on the subject of prejudice and how it was viewed in the past."
"I originally had to read this book for class, but it turned out to become one of the most fantastic books I've ever read. Harper Lee's style of writing is perfect, blending in with her real characters. She bases Scout Finch on herself and Dill on her childhood friend Truman Capote. I loved this book. It's truly a magnificent novel, teaching people some of life's most endearing lessons through the story of a simple 9-year old girl in a sleepy Alabama town."
"In Macomb County lived a girl named Scout.  To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee goes over the many adventures and experinces that Scout has in her childhood.  Every sentence, every word draws you into the story as if you were there yourself.  You could imagine living down the street from a crazy lady and have mysterious neighbors who have a haunting history.  Attivus is assigned drags the whole family into a roller coaster with drops that come unexcpected.  At times this nobel was a thriller, prickling up and down your spine with danger lerking around every corner.  Other times this book had a sweet romance that is adorably cute because of the age of the destined lovers.  There is also taumma.  This is a historical book that takes place during the time of descrimination against African American people.  If you are searching for a book with these elements plus suspense that has you on the edge of your chair, thirstin for more until the last page is devoured and you are satisfied with the well written ending, this novel is definatly a must on your bookshelf.To Kill A Mockingbird thows fast bals and curves you thought could never be possible.  Absolutly!  Positivly!  I recommend this book to anyone who loves to read."
"In the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee, there is a great story of growing up. Scout Finch and her older brother Jem go on adventures with their friend Dill throughout the book. Their main goal is to get Aurthur(Boo)Radley to come out of his house. Many childhood adventures and fun with tese kids. There is also a court scene that I know left me on the edge of my seat guessing after I put the book down. It was a game of guess, wait, read, and find out. The ending was also amazing when something aweful happens to Jem and Scout on hteir way back from a school play, but I can't tell you, so just read the book...it's amazing!"
To Kill A Mocking Bird was one of the best books i have read in a long time.  It tells the story of scout a young girl growing up with her dad and brother.  Her dad is a lawyer currently involved in a huge trial the trial has a lot to do with rasism. I loved it.  I would recomend it to any body.  I especialy like the end when Scout goes and stands on Boo Radley's porch and sees the world through his eyes.  Five stars this was an easy pic.
"Scout's dad is an attorney and has a reputation for winning his cases even the  hard ones.  She knows that he had taken on the particularly hard case of Tom a black man accused of raping a white women.  Scout is confused, she has heard people muttering behind her fathers back and they don't sound supportive of him like they always have before, she wonders why.This is an excellent book about racism with a basic underlying message of ""Don't judge a book by its cover"".  This book should not be read to elementary school kids I think because it does deal with some prickly issues.  If you think your kids are mature enough to handle it then knock yourself out, like I said it does preach a valuable life lesson."
"The large-print, softcover edition of To Kill a Mockingbird is just beautiful.  It's a very readable font and the pages have deckle-style edges. It makes a lovely gift."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a beautifully written and poignant novel about a young girl named Scout and her childhood experiences with racism, discrimination, and corruption.  All of Scout's experiences are laced with an underlying theme, ""killing a mockingbird.""  The author uses this phrase to symbolize harming the innocent, hurting something that is only there to make your life sweeter.  This theme often appears, but the book is not at all repetetive.  The first few chapters drag a bit, but after that the book is absolutely captivating.  I recommend this book to everyone 13 and over, as it does address some mature issues."
"In my English class we are required to read a book every two weeks and post a review of the book on this website. I chose to read this book because of all the positive feelings expressed from previous readers when I asked them of their opinion.This book is set in the 1930's in a small town in Maycomb County, located in the south. The novel shows how white supremacy still lived on, even many years after slavery was abolished, and this novel shows the persistent prejudice shared in the southern morals of this time. Harper Lee has portrayed a common way of thinking of the southerners who are unable to accept that the blacks have been unchained from slavery. The whites find it hard to consider themselves equal to the blacks. This theme has been shown through the lifestyles of the blacks and their struggles they experience from the white community.The main characters in the novel are Atticus Finch, he is a respected Lawyer of Maycomb County. He seems to believe in and does everything in his power to keep justice alive. He has two children, Scout and Jem. Another character of the novel is Arthur Radley, a rather subdued man who tried his best not to have any kind of relationship with anyone of the community, he never steps foot outside of his house. Although you get the feeling that he does not want to remain distant from people by the way he acts with the children (Scout and Jem). Bob Ewell is an absolute evil character who has no touch with responsible behavior. He has no care for himself, his money or his children.I would have to say the protagonist of this novel is Atticus Finch, he is the key character who directs many events that take place in the novel. Like his positive involvement with the poor whites and the underprivileged blacks of the community. He comes across to me as an understanding person who wishes for his children to grow up with a broad outlook on life and a liberal way of thinking. I particularly like this characteristic because I believe that is how every child should be brought up. The Antagonist of this novel is defiantly Bob Ewell. In the beginning you just think of him as a lazy drunk, who has no care for others. But by the end of the novel you come to feel nothing but total hatred for him because of his attempts to harm Atticus's children and how he doesn't even think twice before sending an innocent person to the gallows.I usually don't like novels based on that time period in history after the abolition movements. But this novel had a meaning much deeper than just the struggles between the white's and the black's, it illustrated the idea of how the human race thinks and deals with social issues and different morals and beliefs. The novel also had a light and humorous mood at times, like when it connects Jems brotherly manner or Scouts spontaneous actions.There's no doubt that this book is a classic. It was a time well spent you can not fully consider yourself an American before you read this book. I would recommend this book to anyone who has read and liked ""Animal Farm"" and ""Lord of the Flies""."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a powerful and moving story. It follows Jean Louise Finch (Scout), a young girl, through her life in growing up in Macomb, Alabama in the 1930's. It goes through her trials and growth with the help of her father, Atticus Finch, her brother, Jem Finch, her good friend, Dill Harris and other characters that inhabit the small neighborhood. The mysteries of the world began to take meaning to the children. When Atticus takes Tom Robinson's case, a black man wrongfully accused of rape, the whole town is in an uproar. The racist views of the old South have a negative affect on the Finch family, with threats and harassment. This is a well-written story of discovery and realizations of the way things are and the way they can be. In the end, through a hermit neighbor, named Boo Radley, Scout learns that you can always find the good in others if you look hard enough. This book is a great reminder of how cruel people in this world can be, but at the same time how you can find kindness where you least aspect it. I enjoyed this book, once you get into it; Scout was a very easy character to relate with. She is a symbol of childhood, and exudes thoughts and emotions, that everyone has felt at least once."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that deals with difficult circumstances around the 1930's. Atticus has two children that he must raise without his wife. Calpurnia, their Negro housekeeper, helps in raising Scout and Jem, Atticus's children. Scout is a tomboy who prefers the company of boys rather than girls; she also chooses to solve her problems with her fists. Jem always gives her a hard time and tells her to act more like a girl. Scout and Jem enjoy school, but they enjoy trying to get Boo Radley out of his house even more. Midway through the story the children come to learn that their father will be defending a black man named Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping and beating a white woman. The two learn to be tolerate to all of the racial remarks said to them daily. In the end Tom Robinson is convicted guilty and ends up being killed in his attempt to escape. One night Scout and Jem are on their way home from Scout's play and are attacked by Bob Ewell, and Boo Radley saves them. In the end Jem has a broken arm and Scout and Boo walk together to Boo's house. When Scout returns Atticus reads to her until she falls asleep.  I was amazed on how exciting this book was. I couldn't put the book down. I just wanted to keep reading to find out what would happen next. It has been a while since I have read a book that I really enjoyed. The brother sister relationship of Jem and Scout reminded me about my brother and me. It is good to see that a white man was standing up for a black man in the 1930s. It is breathtaking to see that Scout and Jem learned to quickly deal with the pestering words of society, not very many kids are that strong. Racism is still around to this day and it is awesome to see that a white man was fighting so hard for a black man. We need more books that teach us what is morally right when it comes to racism. I would highly recommend this book to any person."
"As long as prejudice and injustice exist, the commentary in ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" will remain relevant and a tool by which we might be able to mend. Author Harper Lee, who earned a richly deserved Pulitzer Prize for literature, once said she never thought of her novel as nothing more than a love story of a widowed father for his two children. The novel is so much more. Intentionally or not, it is a searing indictment of the individual and institutional racism as seen through the eyes of southern lawyer Atticus Finch's daughter, Scout. Written in the innocent words of a child, we see unfolding a white woman's fabricated cry of rape against a black man and the cursory trial trial in which, considering it's the South and a black man is on trial for a crmie against a white victim, the proceedings are little less than perfunctory. As defense counsel, Scout's father endures the disdain of the white community in his lazy southern town. The fate of the defendant, predictable in the then-racist South, is no less heartbreaking and, at the same time, outrageous. Along with racism, the novel touches on people not fully understood, and the character of Boo Radley serves the point masterfully. An American classic in every sense of the word, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a moving experience that, if we read closely enough, compels us to look beyond the prejudices and discrimination in our own hearts. It is a stunning masterpiece, and anyone who's felt a pang of discrimination ought to be required to read this one."
"I just got done reading this book. Harper Lee was the author of this novel and she did an excellent job on writing the piece. the novel concentrates on the development of a very interesting child. Scout is her name and the story is told from  her point of view. it has very good detail and it is easy to understand. Three children spend there time together and learn so much through out the story. A very inspirational man known as Atticus ficnh deals with alot of problems and not only of his own but as well as for the people living in his community and he guides the children on the right path. This book is very compassionate and dramtic. Harper Lee consists of this to be a love story, i like to think of it as a touching piece that has way more to it than just a love story."
"Simply a great book. Funny, frightening, sad, hopeful, and wonderous."
"While this book had a great impact in the 1960s, I didn't read it until 2002. It was on my must-read list and I'm glad I got around to it. While the novel deals with black/white issues during the 1930s, it is much more. Readers today can learn valuable lessons about honesty, integrity, and truth. It's a shame Harper Lee didn't continue to write because she had a wonderful sense of human interaction."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is perhaps the best book that I have ever read.  It places you in the mind of Scout, a young girl who finds her family in the middle of a scandal that rocks her entire town.  This book offers many lessons to be learn about standing firm in your beliefs, the love of family and friends and the importance of equality.  Scout's father, Atticus represents the father figure that every impressionable child needs - full of love for his children and worthy of their respect. The actions of many of the townspeople demonstrate how fickle people can be.  The book will teach you to open your heart and mind to the world around you."
"I was gifted this book for Christmas and I have to say, it is one of the best books I have read so far. Ms Lee has a way of capturing your heart, so you don't ever want to put down the book.The story follows Jean Louise Finch, a.k.a. Scout. Scout narrates her life in the boring little County of Maycomb, Alabama. Life is good until her father, Atticus Finch, starts defending a black man against the accusation of rape of a white woman. Scout and her brother, Jeremy Atticus Finch, a.k.a. Jem, are teased a lot about it by both children and adults, for, at that time, whites were very much against blacks. Both Scout and Jem are going through a lot, for they are both growing up and, having no mother, life is a bit tough. In the mean time, a boy called Charles Baker Harris, a.k.a. Dill, comes to stay with a neighbor and the three become good friends. In this context, the story is about their whole lives and the wicked plans they come up with. In the end, Scout finds that, if you get to know a person, you always find they're very nice.This is one of those books that, when you finish reading, you just can't find the right words to describe it and it's so amazing that there are no words to describe it!  I have to congratulate Ms. Lee on her amazing book and her extraordinary talent for writing.I would recommend this book for people of atleast 12 years of age, for the language might not be understood by younger people. This book is good for people who want to just curl up in bed and read, read, read, till they can read no more. I guarantee more than just satisfaction to anyone who reads it!My only complaint is this: the book shouldn't ever finish! And, as a newspaper rightly quoted: ""The reader will find immense satisfaction...and a desire, on finishing it, to start again on page one."""
"You know you have.  This book is required reading in so many high schools that reviewing seems redundant.Yeah, it's as good as good gets.  An influence to artists of many generations."
"No wonder this story is so compelling. It's about the neighborhood where Harper Lee and Truman Capote hailed from.This is a rare instance where the novel was so phenomenal that the moviemakers in Hollywood dared not disturb the content. The casting was perfect too.What is amazing is that after all these years of legislation and social reform, the story still touches the core of human prejudice that resides in us all and the story seems timeless.If you know someone who has yet to read this book, see to it that they do; it's that significant."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is one of the most overrated and hyped books of our time.  It's an uneven paste-job of short stories and pieces by Harper Lee promoted by her liberal New York publishing friends.Some sections are absurd, such as Ch. 26, where third-grade students in a rural Alabama school in 1935 have a discussion about Adolph Hitler's treatment of Jews in Germany.Without the compelling 1962 film version, this novel might have been forgotten by now."
"Harper Lee wrote one of the best books of American Literature. More than a coming-of-age tale, `To Kill A Mockingbird' can be a life-changing experience. Her story is so simple, and at the same time so profound that it touchs deep inside.My favorite character is Scout, the narrator. She is a girl that loves being with her brother Jem and their friend Dill. And when they are together she does things that most girls don't usually do. Their father is Atticus, a lawyer that is involved with defending a black man in the court. This experience will change their lives forever and will remain with the kids for their whole lives. Scout is a very precocious child, and her comments about people she knows are funny and sincere. She has a very peculiar view of the world and life itself.  All characters are well developed, but I became very fond of Calpurnia and Dill.Harper Lee's style is easy and effective, her words are simple. This is what makes the book very accessible to everyone. This is the kind of novel that makes you laugh and cry in a turn of page.  I highly recommend this book to everybody. This is a great book, and above all things it is a denounce of human behavoir, and its flaws."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is truly a classic.  It is by far, my most favorite novel.  In this story, there is a lot of racism.  I think this is what the main theme of the story is.  There are two sides of racism.  One has to do with blacks and whites, and the other has to do with the town and Boo Radley.  I felt this was important because it showed that people are not only prejudice when it comes to race, but also when it comes to social class or people just being different from other people.  People are afraid of things, people, and situations that are unknown to them.  When they are afraid of the unknown, they strike out in very unkind ways.  Sometimes they use words, and sometimes it can get very physical as when the lynch mob came to Atticus and he was unarmed.Also, another theme that really stood out was maturation.  Scout and Jem grew up and matured throughout the book.  I think they saw how cruel people could treat other people because of the color of their skin, or maybe just what they believed in.  The situations Jem and Scout were put in made them think twice about what they believed in, which tends to make people grow up quickly.  Atticus also changed throughout the story.  I think that the situation Atticus was in would make anyone change because hatred and anger can make people say and do things they wouldn't normally do.  I think there were times when Atticus was very quiet due to the fact that he had so many emotions inside him.  I'm sure through time, he felt the animosity of the town's people.  I think after awhile, that would really get to someone.  I liked Atticus because he fought for what he believed in and didn't give up even though it was hard.  Another character who changed in the story was Boo Radley.  In the beginning, no one hears from him or even sees him.  Toward the end of the story, he is seen more, and is more spoken of.  I think that he was becoming less afraid of people.  In the end when he saves Jem and Scout's lives, he shows great courage and I think that is very admirable."
"To Kill A Mocking Bird by Harper Lee is not a bad book. I enjoyed the situations that took place and the events that happend in the book. I disagree though with the character choice, not necessarily  the choices but who the narrator should have been. I dont believe that Scout would be able to remeber things like the problems that took place let alone being able to basically turn away a mob? At her age things like that are hard to beleive espceially her and jem and Dill sneaking around at night? Its hard to beleive children not even ten years of age could accomplish sneaking out like that and not getting caught is very hard to beleive im 16 and cant even sneak out like those characters. I'd like to see this book from an older adults view like Atticus or a black persons view like Calpurnia. Overall the book is quite enjoyable and I do recommend it to other peolpe my age and older, this is one book i may read more then once"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a great story. It invloves Atticus Finch and his two children Scout and Jem who mature through the story. The main part of the book is a trial where Atticus is defending a black man who is accused of raping a low-class white woman. The people of the town are against what Atticus is doing and through this and the rest the story, you learn about racism, predjudice, and maturatiopn. Harper Lee does a good job of describing the setting and the characters. And her style of writing involves telling the story through the children's perspective with humor, and good decriptions. Overall this a good book that involves many issues that you might face in life, and I recommend that you read this book."
"Set in Maycomb Alabama, Harper Lee has created a wonderful story for all ages.Lawyer Atticus Finch along with his daughter Scout, son Jem and their friend Dill Harris,are at the nucleus of this tale. The children are adorable and innocent but as they spend theirsummers together in this Southern state of Alabama, they are brought into direct contact with class distinction and racial discrimination at a very early age.Their father Atticus, a very fair and practical man is appointed to defend a black man Tom Robinson, who issaid to have allegedly raped a Caucasian woman Mayella Ewell.That crime is more seriously taken or just as seriously taken as a murder.It should be noted that this particular family although considered 'white trash' by the Macombe society are seen as extremely prejudiced and extremely poor, headed by a father who can be very violent at times.The innocence of these children are broken as the are caught up in the events which lead to the trial of this man. They witness the case which brings to light the hated and racial society they live in of which they want no part.This is a book that I wish I had read a long time ago. I recommend it highly!!Reviewed by Heather Marshall Negahdar (SUGAR-CANE 13/05/02)"
"Hi im Dan and im 15 years old.  I have just finished reading this book for my tenth grade english class.  I thought this book was a very good book.  I liked how this book relates to everyday life and even though this book was written many years ago, people still deal with the some of the same everyday issues that this book deals with.  This book dealt mainly with racism and although racism is still around us, alot of poeple have learned to look beyond the color of a persons skin.  I thought this was a well written book and would recommend this book to anyone."
"Nelle Harper Lee did a job well done when writing this book. To Kill a Mockingbird reminded me of John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men, describing the truths of humankind's hate and prejudice. Lee's novel was based on her own childhood past in southern Alambama in the 1930's. She put the aspects of prejudice, discrimination, stereotypes, and justice into an intelligent child's perspective. As most other child-point-of-view books, I found To Kill A Mockingbird more thought provoking than adventuresome. ""Shoot all the bluejays you want, if you can hit `em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" A mockingbird sings its' heart out to make beautiful music, and never eat up gardens or nest in corncribs. That's why it's a sin to kill them. Lee used the symbolic mockingbird to depict the innocence of a few of the characters in the book. Such as Tom Robinson, a black man who never did a thing to harm anyone else, but was accused and charged of rape to a poor white woman because of his race. This book unmasks a county's feelings of prejudice and hate. The author incorporates a man defending to save a black man's life while teaching his children the unjust ways of the world. ""As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes form, that white man is trash.""  Lee did a wonderful, unlike any other author, in making a book about the maturation of a child and the steps made into the real world."
"If you CAN'T really judge the value of the book, don't dare read it. The ministry of education made a bad, bad choice of making not-so-intelligent average high school students to read this significant, profound, and well-praised bestseller in history (yes, it sells more than any other books in the world, perhaps only surpassed by the Bible.) It's way more than just another hackneyed civil rights book, it's more than an ""infantile"" (maybe the person who said this was infantile either slept all the way through his or her English classe""S"" or didn't have any extra memory in his or her brain to process the fact that a child's point of view was deliberately used to illustrate the point.)plotline, it's indescribably brilliant and skillful in presentation. READ READ READ and buy and come back here and add more star to the review page of this book so that it counters the effect of star 1 or 2 of some dense readers ."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is truly a classic book in the history of American literature, and will always be a favorite book of mine. The book tells the story of Jean-Louise  (known as Scout) Finch, a young girl who learns very valuable lessons beginning at the tender age of six. Most of her time is spent with her older brother Jem and Dill, a boy about Scouts age who visits every summer.As the book begins, the reader discovers that Atticus Finch, the father of Scout, is an attorney who is about to tengo with an extremely controversial case. Tom Robinson, an African American who had respect for anyone and everyone, was accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a poor white girl who also happens to be the daughter of Bob Ewell, a low life racist who was out to get any negro he could. Although all evidence is circumstantial, and although Mr. Atticus Finch did such a good job representing Tom that we could all be sure he was innocent, Mr. Robinson was found guilty of rape. While in jail, Tom makes a fatal mistake and attempts to escape from prison. As he tries to climb the fence, Tom is shot seventeen times and his life was put to end.Even though the case was a major part of the story, many other adventures occur during the course of the book. To find out what these other adventures are, your just going to have to read it for yourself!"
"Harper Lee has created a wonderful book containing many details.  One way Lee made this book so enjoyable is the way she constructed her characters.  She made me feel like I was a friend of Scout's and that I knew all of them very well.  Speech played a big role in forming each character.  By the way they talked, you could tell who they were around and how they were acting.  When scout was around all of his friends from school he would cuss and talk mean to everyone.  This showed how scout was trying to fit in and how he was acting aound all of his classmates.  When Cal took the children to the black church she stopped talking in proper English like she always did at home.  This showed the part of her that was her history and culture.  It let the kids and the readers know that around people that she can relate to, she is more herself.  People would talk about Atticus say he was a bad person for defending Tom, but then Scout would get into fights.  The actions of Scout showed us how protective of her family she is.  The way Atticus is being talked about lets us know how everyone sees him.  The other way we get to know these characters so well is how they are described.  Dill is described as a little guy.  This gives us a visual picture that Dill is around the same size as scout and we can begin to see him as we read. Lee did a wonderful job and these characters were very appropriately described."
"I believe that there are many reasons that Harper Lee wrote this book.  In my opinion the main reason for the book is to inform people about a time period in America, which is often overlooked or not known about.  Before I read this book I had never heard of the Scottsboro trial.  I learned a lot about the trial and some of the things that took place.  Another reason I why I think Lee wrote this book was to entertain.  I found this book for the most part entertaining and enjoyable to read.  I liked all of the foreshadowing, metaphors, and moral values."
"I don't use those words much to describe a book, but book deserves it with the utmost regard. Based in the small southern town of Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930's, it chroniciles the life of Scout Finch, a mischevies little girl with a heart of gold. Her brother Jem, is a tough boy who looks after Scout with all his heart. They meet a young boy who blends in well with them named Dill.Based around the rape trial of a black man, Tom Robinson, it drives through emotions that you wouldn't even believed that you had. One of the greatest scenes in literature is when Atticus, Jem and Scouts father, shoots the wandering dog, left me breathless.If you have a love for anything, read this book, it is really great."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" is a tale of the life of a young girl and her brother. It is told from the first person point of view of Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch. She tells of what she and her brother Jeremy ""Jem"" Finch experience during the early 1900's when prejudice against African Americans, as well as other groups, is a common occurrence.Scout and Jem are the children of a single father Atticus Finch. Atticus is a lawyer and believes in being completely honest to everyone about everything especially his children. Even though Jem does not go to his father for advice and guidance as much as Scout does, most of his actions however; are actions that his father would approve of especially as he gets older. I sometimes thought of him as a of father figure type for Scout, especially while their father was in court defending a black man who was on trial for the rape of a white woman. As a reader I could see one very strong similarity between Jem and his father. They can both be very stubborn and they both stand up for what they believe in.Scout tells us how she learns about justice, racism, compassion, trust and love. Scout learns about justice, racism, and how sometimes the wrong person gets punished for a crime just because of their race when she, her brother and their friend Dill witness the trial of Tom Robinson. She learns to be compassionate of ""Boo"" Radley's feelings and decides that she will befriend the recluse and act as if they had always known each other. She learns to trust the good judgment of her elders (especially her aunt Alexandria) and comes to love each of them because they have been there to provide her with clear answers to everything that happens in their neighborhood.By telling a story like this from the point of view of an innocent child, Harper Lee truly captures the readers attention and I think that is what makes this novel so great.I highly recommend this book. Once I started reading it I didn't want to put it down."
"How can one begin a review about ""To Kill A Mockingbird?"" The book is so full of Passion and Tenderness...that my heart is still overflowing from the words.""Mockingbird"" is told from a child's point of view, Scout.  This is what makes the book so brilliant and magical.  Scout's honesty and playfulness bring such an effective narrative that the story stays with the reader long after they have finished the book.A black man wrongly accused of raping a white girl...The story is familiar. Scount's father Atticus is the attorney.I was thinking about how I would describe Atticus and the first word that came to my mind was ""holy""  standing out from the rest of the town as a true man of integrity. He is the attorney for the black man.  He is the attorney who was told not to take the case. He says:  The law may change, but nothing will change unless the heart does.""Scout asks him this question in the book:  ""I don't get it Atticus, Mrs. Gates hates Hitler.""  "" Well she should.""  Atticus says.  ""But I heard her say that the next thing the blacks  will be doing is marrying our kind.  How can she hate Hitler  and say that about the blacks too?""Scout is her father's daughter! And see what I mean about a child's point of view?  Lee  absolutely knew that children saw situations more clearly than adults.  We can learn plenty from them!I wonder if Lee added Boo as a charactor as kind of a metaphor for racism...he was hidden away like some animal, people were afraid of him. Until he finally came out...Face to Face.""Atticus, when I finally saw him, why he was real nice.""  Scout said.""Most people are, Scout, when you finally SEE them.""A Mockingbird doesn't dig up your garden or hurt anything...he just sings and sings beautiful songs...that's why we don't kill um. That's why hurting most anything is like killin a mockingbird."
"I read this book for my 8th grade english class, and after i finished it, i could not stop thanking my teacher for making us read it. it truly gave me a different perspective on everything-people, places, things, and even ideas. my entire view of life changed, and i learned to appreciate things so much more. anyone can relate to it. ANYONE. if you havent read this, i seriously recommend it. it most certainly will not disappoint you."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird represents a handful of books and authors that are able to transport the reader directly into it's pages.  One may find that they can relate with one or more of the characters in the book, and sometimes with more than one at a time.This book is about many things, and although it is very complex it is easy to follow due the similarities to life itself. Like life, there are many characters.  Some that are easy to hate, easy to love, and those that are plainly repulsive because of their disrespect for their fellow man.This story is indeed about prejudice.  It paints a despicable ( but reasonably accurate) picture of the hate that permeated the daily lives of those in rural Alabama.  It also portrays the prejudice that is applied to those that are different for reasons other than skin color.  This book is also about the preservation of childhood innocence.Scout and Jem enjoy a pleasure that many of us only wish we could have experienced.  That pleasure was the love and care of a father that stood for what was right to the point of his own harm.  Many of us have never known that type of uncompromising love that Atticus Finch so readily exudes.  He is a man, as Miss Maudie says, ""was born to do our unpleasant jobs for us"".  The character of Atticus Finch still stands as a man among men.  We could use a few like him today.Jean and Jeremy find themselves subject to the harsh realities of poverty and prejudice, but they are always able to take refuge in the affection of their father. Atticus makes many efforts to protect his children.  His primary tool is truth.  He speaks openly and honestly with his children.  Again we would do well to take a few notes from Atticus.The true value of this book is it's exposure of hate and bigotry, but it is valuable in so many ways.  It has more to offer than could be considered in any review.  Were it's many complex details of relationship to be reviewed and catalogued by the greatest minds in psychology and human sciences it would require multiple volumes.Although I highly recommend this book, I would offer a word of caution to the reader.  The book uses the ""n"" word repeatedly, and I suppose that within it's historical context may be accurate, nonetheless I found it quite unsettling.  There are a number of other explicative statements, but I would suggest that they are also supplied to offer a contextual reality that would otherwise be lost without them.This is a timeless and enjoyable story.  The entire human drama is put on display in a small rural Alabama town."
"This is my favorite book. My uncle bought it for me when I was twelve, and at the time I thought, okay, I'll read it . . . one day. A couple months later I finally picked it up, and couldn't put it down.To Kill a Mockingbird is a profound novel because it deals with a topic no one can understand (racism) but tells it in a language everybody can understand (the narrator is a little girl named Scout). Scout's view of the world at the beginning of the novel is like that of any other child: innocent. You know, the lies we all used to believe, that everybody on earth is nice and kind and that we all love each other, etc., etc. But then Scout, her brother Jem, and her friend Dill (who is based on Harper Lee's childhood friend, Truman Capote) are compelled to face reality all of a sudden when their father defends a black man on trial for rape. The children learn the hard truths of life, that this world isn't always a pleasant place after all.But what is so extraordinary about Scout is that she never speaks with hate. She speaks with a child's innocence, and describes complex things in a child's way, which makes it easier to understand. I don't think this book would have been the same if Atticus had told the story, or if this had been told in third-person point of view. Then it would have lacked its young narrator's frankness.There aren't enough words to describe To Kill a Mockingbird. This is by far the best book I have ever read, and perhaps the greatest contribution an American writer has made to the literary world. To put it simply, this book should be read by everyone. If we all looked at this world as Scout does in this book, maybe this world would be a better place."
"I think that this was an interersting novel. When I first read this book I thought It was boring. It was like a true story because things like that happen. All the characters in the storywere described well. Throughout the story, I was really intocertain chapters. What really grabbed my attention was the movie.I saw the movie abut two months ago. I really enjoyed it even though it was different from the book.  My favorite characters were Jem and Scout, they were brave childern.  Besides that the conclusion was not so bad."
"Fortunately, fifteen years (or more) ago, I read this book on my own before my English teacher required it...  this is not a book that needs to be analysed and charted.  It is one that needs to be absorbed, and felt.  It does NOT deserve to be one of those books students hate merely because it's required reading.The characters are as real as books get, the small town one that you might live in now, or your grandparents might have lived in decades ago.  The issues - from racism, sibling relationships, and just plain growing up - touch your soul.  And it's just plain fun to read.It's a bit of American culture that should be cherished... passed on as the valuable art it is - but to tear it apart with attempts to read into symbolism, or to over analyze it... that nearly denies Harper Lee the respect she deserves for writing it."
"I've read tons of books but somehow this one escaped me and I didn't read it until a few months ago. I read it for a book club and my first thought was, ""oh great, a classic... it'll be dry and tedious and I'll feel like I'm in highschool lit class again."" How wrong I was! To Kill a Mockingbird is a fascinating book that takes place in the south in the middle of the 20th century when racial issues are being brought to the forefront. The characters are likeable, the town charming and the message not one to miss. Pick this book up and read it even if you don't like to read classics."
"When this book was chosen for our book club (made up of 12 women), we all groaned. This was the book that we DIDN'T read in high school, but instead we bought the cliffs notes and watched Gregory Peck. Too bad we were so ignorant in high school. This book has been the favorite for most of us. It is wonderful. It is an easy read and so engaging. I couldn't put it down and was a little sad when I finished it.I think that our English programs in high school do a huge disservice to teenagers when they assign this book. Teachers tell their students that the book is about racial tension and bigotry. What student WANTS to read about that? Instead, students should be told that it is a great book about 2 siblings growing up in the south, who play during the summer and try to peek in on their reclusive neighbor (Boo). Then, when they read it, students would just naturally pick up on the racial themes throughout the book.We all thanked the person who picked out this book for us; it was a real treat to read it as an adult."
"This story takes place over a three-year period during the Depression era, in a small fictitious town in the Southern U.S., ripe with racial prejudice. We view things through the 8 to 11 year-old eyes of the young girl Scout Finch. After the death of their mother, Scout and her older brother Jem are raised by Atticus, their almost too perfect father. (He often reminded me of Adam Trask in Steinbeck's East of Eden). You could not ask for a better, more patient, and more understanding father than Atticus. As the town's defense lawyer he takes up the case of Tom Robinson, a Negro unjustly accused of raping a white woman.The resulting courtroom drama shakes the previously idyllic world of his two children, especially Scout. The children raise many legal and moral questions for Atticus, and he compells them to come to their own conclusions about the case.What is brilliant about the book is how these children have a precocious understanding of justice... their very innocence and unbiased judgement points out the true horror of racial prejudice. Sitting in the courtroom, they are able to clearly understand the TRUTH that seems to elude an entire jury of adults.Much more can be said in praise of this book, as there are many side-stories going on at the same time as this court case is proceeding. The timeless wonder of it all is how Harper Lee dovetails all of the other incidents to leave us with a sense of the ennobling nature of childhood. Sometimes children can look upon the effects of injustice and have their own sense of ""justice"" strengthened, rather than diminished. It takes great empathy and inner spirit to acheive this, but, To Kill A Mockingbird shows us that it is possible."
"This is one of the best books I have ever read.  It is well written, and is never boring.  I saw the movie, just because my parents were watching it, and I loved it.  I went out the next day and bought the book.  Read it, see the movie, and enjoy!!"
"The only complaint I have is I waited so long to read it. Buy this book now from this web site, buy a used copy at a half price book store, steal it off your Mother's bookshelf. I was, wow, just blown away. I'm having trouble trying to find something else to read now, it will be a hard book to follow."
"A wonderful classic story of compassion, hatred, courage, and racial prejudice.Harper Lee, who is the young narrator Scout, tells the story of Jem and Dill struggling to grow up in Maycomb; ""a tired old town where rainy weather turns the streets to red slop, and days seem longer and drawn out."" In this quiet little town, an unexpected event occurs which forces two different races together. Atticus, who is the father of Jem and Scout, must defend Tom Robinson, a hard-working young Negro man, for a crime he is accused of during a difficult time of racial prejudice. Tolerance is an important theme throughout the story in the characters of Jem, Atticus, and Calpurnia woven across race and age lines.Filled with love, wisdom, and life, this book immediately draws you in by showing you the adventures and education of life through the eyes of a seven year old."
Every author dreams of writing a book that will effect the world as positivly as Harper Lee's TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD. The author exposes the uglier side of man in a story that still holds truth for today's reader. Lee's characters draw you into the midst of their lives and keep you reading page after page to the end. I enjoyed this book as much the second time around even more than the first. Beverly J Scott author of Righteous Revenge
It is a very interesting and great book!!!!! I expecially liked how they talked of people standing up for what is right!!  NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!! I really didn't enjoy the book at ALL. I had to read it as an assignment for a class and I regret actually doing an assignment in that class...
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful novel about two siblings named Scout and Jem Finch.  Scout is the narrator of this heartwarming tale of betrayal, profanity, rape, racism, and murder. It has suspense, it has comedy, and most importantly, it's one of the most fabulous books I've ever laid my eyes on."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful novel about two siblings named Scout and Jem Finch. Scout is the narrator of this heartwarming tale of betrayal, profanity, rape, racism, and murder. It has suspense, it has comedy, and most importantly, it's one of the most fabulous books I've ever laid my eyes on."
"If you want a book with conflict and suspenseful situatios then To Kill a Mockingbird is the book for you.  There is mostly racial conflict and childhood problems that Scout and her brother encounter.I think the author is trying to show you how couragous Scout and other characters are throughout the book.  I love a book with diversity in a character and Scout is very diverse.  She can be caring and amazingly brave all at once.  She shows bravery when she dares to run up to the Radley house and touch it even after hearing all the stories about Boo Radley.  The suspense is at its greatest point when Scou gets stuck under the fence at the Radley house when her and her brother sneak to the house one evening.  The shows the suspense and excitement that the book has.Throughout the book there are many different conflicts.  One of the major conflicts is between an innocent black man falsely accused for rape of a white woman.  He goes to trial and the jury is completely white, the judge is white, and Scout is the only oone that believes in him.  Also there is a conflict with Boo and the neighborhood kids, including Scout.  They're afraid of him because of all the rumors heard but none of them ore ture.  Boo turns out to be nice.In conclusion, I liked the book.  I would recomned this novel to anyone because there are other aspects of the book besides good conflict and great suspense that help it fit my defintition of good literature.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book with diverse characters, an outstanding plot, and a controversal steeing.  I would definetly read it again."
"I had to read To Kill a Mockingbird for school, but I quickly found myself caught up in it. I got so involved in it that I finished it within a week that our class started it, well ahead of schedule. I was surprised how connected I felt to some of the characters by the end of the book, specifically Atticus and Scout. The symbolism of the mockingbird is first mentioned early in the book, chapter 10, but it wasn't until the very end that the full force of it hit me. Scout's wisdom when she said ""Well it'd be sort of like shootin' a mockingbird, wouldn't it?"" impressed me with how much she had matured throughout the book, along with the last chapter.Altogether I thought that this really was a book that made me think differently after I read it. Atticus's wisdom throughout the book made me think quite a lot and I think I'll view the mockingbirds of our society a little differently from now on."
Wonderful classic that i  well never forget. The reading was slow but for the story it was all worth it.
"I'm sorry everyone. I don't see why this book is so fabeulos. I would give it a zero. I find no point in writing a book about segregation, there's no way of making it into an enjoyable book. And yes i am toataly against segragation. I've caught my self in english class asleep. Also if your gonna write a book, give more detail please. I'm getting so fed up with it i just got the cliff notes. Read this book if you read every book that is such a hit. But rather than that burn all the pages exept the last chapter. Thanks to all my friendswho had to tourchure threw reading this disgrace and supporting me in not likeing the book. By the way, DO NOT BUY, because if i find it in your house i won't think to kindly of you."
"This is simply one of the best American novels ever written. Ms. Lee brings you deftly into the small town of Maycomb during the depression era, and captivates with a story that still holds significance today. A truely great novel!"
"'To Kill a Mockingbird' is one of those books shoved down the throats of American teens by the English teachers, as sort of elexir to cure rascism.  When I first read it (at age fourteen) I found it to be a difficult read, and not particularly enjoyable.  Rereading it some thirty years later I now see what all the fuss is about.Firstly, this book is about the thoughts and activities of a young girl growing up in 1930s rural Alabama.  There is very much the innocence (and, ultimately, lost innocence) and wonder of youth in the Harper Lee's prose ... kind of a Dixie version of 'A Tree Grows in Brooklyn'.  Harper Lee's observations of the rascism and hypocritical society of the times are keenly judged.  My only complaint, albeit minor, is that her prose is too rich - it seems out of place (ie, too adult) for a story about adolescent girl.  This makes 'To Kill a Mockingbird' a deceptively inappropriate book for anyone under, say, seventeen years of age.Bottom line: all the heartbreak of youth during turbulent times exquisitely told.  Worth rereading (time and time again)."
"Usually, cildren never experience the horror of murder but in Scout & Jem Finch's case (in To Kill a Mockingbird) it's different.  The author uses Scout's perspective perfectly, all through Scout's early years.  This book tells how Scout's brother (Jem) breaks his arm.  The author touches very hevily on racism and predjudeces.  This book will make anyone grasping for more, while still wanting there to be no more.  The Author of this book obviously wanted everyone to understand the fights Jem & Scout get into.  The vocabulary is just above mediocre and (even though there are no pictures) you can invision everything. For ex: When Jem & Scout are cornered you can imagine every motion of their fight with a predjuduced man.  (It's the same with Scout's school ""troubles"".)  Lee wants everyone to fully understand about racism and how horrific it is.  I mean just about everyone in Maycomb is a racist.  Lots of the characters particularly Bob Ewell were racists (Bob Ewell showed it after the verduct of Tim Robinson's trial).  It sickens you to read quotes in this book, such as: ""it made one down and about two ore to go.""  Even though this book is full of evil incidents, there is a hero.  A simpleton by the name of Boo Radly.  Sure he is reclusive and seems like a freak at first, but he soon saves Scout and Jem's lives thereby making him a modern day superhero.  Even though he does this by killing Bob Ewell, he comes out as the glorious shining, hero in this dark and moving novel.  All readers will love To Kill a Mockingbird.  It goes healvily into the heart of Maycomb bringing out racism and predjuduces.  Even though it touches on such a harsh subject, most readers will understand the points this writer is trying to make."
"Harper Lee wrote there a delicate and sensitive novel on the coming of age of two children in the South (Alabama) in the mid 1930s, that is to say during the Great Depression. The central issue of the book is the progressive discovery of the outside world by two - or three - young children, a girl and one or two boys. This discovery has to do with the ugliness of some people in our society, the prejudiced white people, the openly lazy white social cases who live on welfare, the miscarriage of justice against a black man who is condemned on the sole testimony of two white people by an all white male jury, the planned and failed lynching of the black man the day before his trial, etc. But it is also the discovery of the neighbors and that the people you see, or don't see, everyday are not necessarily what they seem to be, like this crippled woman who is fighting successfully her morphine addiction and conquers it just before dying, so that she can die clean. But it all centers on one neighbor that leads the life of a recluse and that fascinates the children who want to attract him outside to see him. They will eventually succeed twice, the first time totally unawares of it, and the second time just in time for him to save the life of the two children in the hands and under the knife of a white reject of society. This initiation to society goes along with the desire to make these children fit for southern gentility, for them to be a gentlemen and a lady, even if those ladies and gentlemen are not exactly pure and clean, unprejudiced and open-minded, in fact quite the reverse. But it is by integrating this society that you may make it change little by little because most of them want change but do not have the courage to advocate it, though they will support those who willl stand for a reasonable and progressive change. The book is so touching and full of feeling, that it probably is the masterpiece of a life time, and a time-enduring one.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU"
"This is one of the great contemporary books.  It is one of the very few books that can be read at any age or stage of life.  Many relationships, stereotypes, attitudes, personalities are presented in a simple straightforward manner.  This book makes you think."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is, without a doubt, one of the best books I had to read in high school.  EVERYONE should read this book!""Mockingbird"" tells the story of a young tomboy, Scout, growing up in the South in the 1930s.  It deals with important lessons about racism, tolerance, courage, and justice.  Scout, representing the innocence of youth, has a much more accepting and egalitarian attitude that most of the other Southern whites in her community.  She tries to learn how to get along with everyone in a world where the simple act of talking to an African-American can lead to the undesirable label, ""n*gger lover.""My favorite quote is when Scout's father, Atticus, tells her:  ""I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand.  It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway... you rarely win, but sometimes you do.""""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a very powerful book.  It will make you angry, make you laugh, and make you cry.  After you finish reading it, I highly recommend the film version starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch."
A homegrown novel that tells the story of several children living with a single father in less than desirable conditions. The novel carries a powerful message.
"This is the book that got me started reading novels. It is a great story of truth as told through a childs view of events happening in a small southern town during The Great Depression.  In dealing with adult subject matter this is not a childrens book  Right and wrong, good and evil are dealt with here better then any book I have read since. The movie is equally as good as the book. So if you don't have the time to read the novel,then see the movie, you won't be disappointed."
this book is truly moving.  i've read it numerous times and i love it more each time.  the loss of inocence is depicted beautifully in this book.  the town of maycomb is the perfect setting for such a beautiful book.
"The story is set during the great depression of the 1930's, in a small town in the southern United States. Scout and Jem Finch are the motherless children of a lawyer in the town of Maycomb, who spend their carefree summer days with their friend Dill. Their sunny-sweet world is turned upside down when their father is appointed to defend Tom Robinson, a black man, who is accused of committing a terrible crime against a white woman. The children are exposed to the narrow-mindedness and hypocrisy of their community, and the discrimination faced by black Americans in their town.This book is without a doubt my all-time favorite, and is easily endearing for many reasons. The characters are varied and colorful, from Ms. Maudie, the children's acid-tongued neighbor, to Miss Stephanie Crawford, the neighborhood gossip, from Mr. Avery, the pot-bellied gainsayer, to Arthur `Boo' Radley, the mysterious recluse who lives in the `haunted' house down the street. Above all, the most engaging characters are the children - innocent, sweet, mischievous and absolutely delightful.The thing I liked most about this book was the flow and innocence of the narrative. The entire book is told as seen through the eyes of a young child, making the language straightforward and easy to comprehend. The style is bold and forthright, putting forward debatable issues with a candid frankness.While it is a book with a serious theme and a solemn message, the book is interwoven with instances of carefree childishness and subtle comedy. The perfect balance of solemnity and pleasantry make this a hearty, wholesome book.This book is both emotionally thought-provoking and educationally stimulating. As Harper Lee's first and only novel, To Kill A Mockingbird is a touching story of innocence and humanity that I believe everyone should read."
"It's novels like this that make literature so beautiful. Harper Lee writes one of the best, most touching novels you'll ever read. I absolutely loved it....and to think I would have never read it unless I was forced to in school. This is what makes us so happy to have English classes that force us to read books that we think we won't like. =) ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a beautiful piece of literature, but you have to allow yourself to get into it. Like most other books, you have to get through the humdrum of the beginning in order to get into it. This novel follows the escapades of 12-year-old Jem and his little sister Scout in the 1930's. What they experience in a short period of time will change their lives forever. There isn't much to say about this novel. It's heartrending, touching, and thoroughly engaging, and the writing is among the best I've ever seen in one novel. Harper Lee deserves all the recognition she receives for this moving account on living life and growing up. I definitely recommend that you buy this novel, but the only way you can come to love it so much is if you are patient with Harper Lee's deep writing style and if you allow yourself to feel the human emotions of the characters. It's a beautiful story with a lot of meaning and depth. Well worth every piece of your money, that's for sure!"
"Harper Lee opens the pressing issue of discrimination through the eyes of an innocent child in a small southern town.Harper Lee tells the story of a young girl growing up in a small town where she witnesses the discrimination of race, gender, and class through everyday happenings in her town.  The reader is moved to ponder the reasons for prejudice as the main character, Scout, does when the results of racism cause the death of an innocent man.  The characters interest the reader and the events make the reader think about important life situations faced by people every day."
This book is the journey of a lifetime for a reader.  You cannot put this book down. This is definately a must-read book.  Also see the video version of the book.  They are both fantastic.
"I first read this book for an English class in high school and hated it. Luckily, I recently bought this hardcover edition and read it again. It's now one of my favorites. I'm sure there's plenty of other reviews that deal with the plot, but I'd like to emphasize the brilliant characters in this book.Atticus Finch has easily become one of my most favorite literary characters. Lee's brilliance with Finch is that while as the plot unfold you see what a truly great man he is, she shows her audience his flaws as well. This makes him a very complete and rounded character. Scout's also great - she's wise beyond her years, which makes reading a book that centers around such a young character enjoyable. Besides these two great characters, it also is a wonderful book."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is mainly about the trial of a black man for raping a white woman -- an offense not taken lightly in 1930s Alabama. And while a rape trial is very serious topic, Harper Lee chooses to write the book from the point of view of an eight-year-old girl. She takes her time getting around to the trial, writing at length about the exploits of Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill. There are lots of laughs -- particularly the night the three of them went to see Boo Radley's house, and Jem ripped his pants so badly he had to return home without them.There are also lots of tearful moments, especially after Tom Robinson got convicted and after he died. He hadn't raped the girl and everyone in town knew it, but essentially he was condemned from the moment after Mayella screamed. The ending, however, is sort of a happy one in spite of what happened to Tom.Yet, not all people in town are racist rednecks. Harper Lee does not go into stereotype. Plenty of white people supported Tom Robinson, Atticus most of all. I met a woman who named her son after Atticus Finch, and after reading the book I can see why. He was my favorite character in the book because of his high-mindedness and fair sense of justice.All in all a terrific piece of work, one that will make its readers think differently after they're done."
"Harper Lee spent years crafting this classic novel of life in small town Alabama in the mid 1930s. Ms Lee wrote a first draft which her editors felt read more like a series of interconnected short stories rather than as a cohesive novel so, she went back to the drawing board and ultimately produced this popignant tale of life as seen through the eyes of an adult narrator remembering her childhood.I read this book for a reason. My son, a high school student read this as an assignment for his honors English class. As an attorney, his teacher asked me to talk about life as a lawyer before the class. She mentioned this book in particular so I read it to compare my experiences with those of the novel's main character, Atticus Finch. I'm glad that I read it. I have seen the movie a couple of times but, the book offers great character analyses which cannot be duplicate on the screen (although the movie does a reasonable amount of justice to the book).The book was written in the late 1950s and completed in 1960, as the evils of the Jim Crow era were coming to a head. Ms Lee could have painted portraits of good guys and bad guys, however, she looks affectionately upon most of the characters, seeing them as complex individuals. Therefore, she confronts their prejudices with understanding rather than in anger or self righteousness. Also, she does not paint the deep South of that time as monolithically rascist. There are those, in the book, who rise above narrow prejudice. Again, I read the book to be able to comment on the legal system portrayed therein. However, I got much more out of this book; a beautiful and compassionate character study."
"Books I consider exemplary have a few qualities: straightforward but engaging narration, likable characters, and a plot which examines ""issues"" without becoming strained in doing so. To Kill a Mockingbird possesses each of these qualities. What makes it especially outstanding is the point of view and what is left unsaid. One main driver of the plot is an incident which we never witness and only learn of through some testimony. One of the main characters in relation to the plot we spend a scant few pages with--we never really know him in order to sympathize with him as a character. And another main character, Atticus, though extraordinarily quiet, maintains a powerful presence reminiscent of Howard Roark in Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead.The simplicity and one-sided nature of the trial can be considered a shortcoming, but they actually make the novel's point that much more powerful. It's believable that the jury would find Tom guilty despite his obvious innocence, and this emphasizes how much man can be cruelly unfair to his neighbor. The ending does seem a bit strained as Atticus somehow is unable to see who killed whom when his children were attacked, but this is a very minor flaw.Overall To Kill a Mockingbird tells a powerful, emotional tale with the easy childhood innocence of its narrator. It makes the reader feel tremendously guilty, seeing what we as a society could be vs. what we unfortunately are. If we interpret this not as an accusation by Lee but rather as an inspiration then maybe we can improve things a bit."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is probably one of the greatest books ever written.  The novel is morally fantastic.  The novel is about a family that lives in the south in a community that is dealing with a controversial racial issue.  Scout and Jem are young kids that learn valuable lessons while they are growing up.  They know that all people should be created equal. For instance, Scout ventures to a black church and does not think anything about it. Atticus Finch, Scout and Jem's father, represents a black man that has been charged with rape.  Clearly, the black man is innocent, and Atticus Finch wants to do the right thing.  In conclusion, To Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful book that is full of great moral examples that people should follow.  One of the highlights of the book is Atticus Finch saying, ""Before you say anything bad about someone, walk a mile in their shoes."""
"Harper Lee's classic, To Kill a Mockingbird, is an awesome book.  The book takes place in a little town in Alabama in the nineteen-thirties.  Despite not containing a real clear plot, the book's plot is full of action and excitement.  The book brings forth an unbelievable message about childhood innocence, in the form of the main character, Scout.  Excitement come from the haunted house of Boo Radley, the summer friend Dill, and a trial coming from the accusation of a raping.  Overall, the book brings forth great excitement and keeps the reader reading, as I found myself doing many times, unable to put the book down.  One of the reasons it is so exciting is the reality of it, the fact that this could have happened then.  This book is an awesome book, but not necessarily a book for everyone.  The book was not overly wordy (descriptive), and the dialogue was easy to understand.  This book is awesome."
"This is a great book! We had to read it for school, and I thought it would be boring, but it wasn't at all! This book keeps you on the end of your seat, and it hard to put down. It really touches you, too. This story is about prejudices and how a little white girl learns that the world isn't really fair towards negros. This is a book I would reccommend to everyone, of any age. It teaches a valuable lesson and is just great to read."
"Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a unique, multi-faceted story of a small town and the people who live there during the mid `30s.  As I began reading this story, I found it hard to keep up with all the characters that played a part of it.  The deeper I read however, I began to understand that the author was portraying the many facets of people who made up the town of Maycomb Alabama.The story's central focus was on two young children, Scout and Jem, of a widowed lawyer Atticus.  It portrayed how life was in the small town of Maycomb through the eyes of Scout.  Harper Lee does a wonderful job of weaving the meaning of the title, into the story, and its relationship to a trial of a young black man.In reading the back cover, I found that Harper Lee considered her book to be a simple love story.  I believe it to be more of a story about human compassion, or the lack there of.  This book is very descriptive in detail, that one could plainly visualize its characters and setting.  Although I thought it started out slow, I found it hard to put down (I can't wait to see the movie!).I highly recommend this book to young and older readers!"
"An interesting story of three children and their exploits in the backdrop of 1930's Alabama. It keeps you riveted though it does not have the suspense, violence and corporate mumbo-jumbo of nowadays fast novels portraying big city life. This book is very soothing read, will keep you smiling to yourself and will talk to the evergreen child in yourself, you'll be happy you read it."
"This book is a wonderful portrayal of prejudice, not only of African Americans, but of all people as well. It gives examples of prejudices against the poor and strange; the story not only focuses on the main character (Scout), but also on the important events surrounding her and gives her child's perspective of the occurances. Her views on her father (Atticus Finch) and brother (Jem) are interesting, and through her eyes we are guided through a most interesting story. Though this tale deals with a lot of serious topics, it also has a subtle and unassuming humor that personally made me laugh. It is a well-written, well-balanced book that brings real topics to light and, at other times, brings a smile to your face."
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird is told through the eyes of an 8 year-old Southern girl from Maycomb, Alabama; Scout Finch.  The story begins one summer in the 1930s with Scout and her brother, Jem, leading a normal childhood full of play, mischief and wonderment over their mysterious and scary next door neighbor Boo Radley.  The children have never seen Boo Radley but have heard stories and rumors of his life of solitude locked up in his large, dark and scary house on the corner.  This is also the summer that Dill comes into the children's lives.  To amuse themselves, Scout, Jem and Dill put on plays to mimic what they think Boo's life is like and try to entice Boo to come outside so they can see him.  These chapters are full of child's play, innocence and fun.Meanwhile, during the children's innocent play, the racism and violence in this small southern town is brewing because a black man, Tom Robinson, has been accused of raping a white woman.  This tragedy seeps into the chilren's innocence when thier father, Atticus, is appointed to represent Tom Robinson.Harper Lee's description of the Tom Robison's trial are riveting, nail-biting and very exciting.There are many sub-plots along the way and the author does a wonderful job of tying them to all together for the novel's rising climax and ending.To Kill a Mockingbird is an excellent look into the racial injustice that played a major part in America's history.  Harper Lee's narrative through the eyes of an innocent 8 year old little girl is a masterpiece.  The novel is full of valuable lessons to be learned and passed on to our own children."
"To Kill A Mockingbird was a hard book to keep up with. I read it in school, I hated it at first but when I finished it became a great book. It takes you back to your childhood. By the way, I personally don't even like reading, but this one changed my dislike in reading."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic coming-of-age novel.  Harper Lee takes her readers on a three-year journey from the perspective of a young girl growing up in the South.  The story takes place during the Great Depression of the 1930s in the small town of Maycomb, Alabama.  The novel centers around Scout, the narrator, her brother Jem, and their father Atticus.  The book focuses mainly on the racial relationships of this time, but explores other areas as well.Scout and Jem (9 and 13 respectively by books end) become wise and Scout matures significantly over these three years.  Atticus has a lot to do with this. He teaches his children to treat everyone equally by trying to consider things from anothers point-of-view.  The maturity of both children as well as their bravery shines through during the trial scene in which Atticus is appointed to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman. Scout and Jem suffer emotional heartache throughout the trial.  However, they stand up for what they believe  all people should be treated fairly no matter what color they are, and that theres only one kind of folks.One of the other areas Lee covers in her novel is the pressure put on young women in the South to act as perfect ladies. This is especially hard for Scout who prefers to be a tomboy.Finally, the book takes a look at how cruel society can be and how easily we can dehumanize another person.  Boo Radley, an important character in this novel is viewed as an outcast in Maycomb.  The children of the town are both frightened and intrigued by this man. In their minds, they assume him to be a monster. However, Scout learns otherwise when she finally sees him for who he is.To Kill A Mockingbird is a timeless classic.  Although racial relationships are somewhat better today, Lee does an excellent job of describing the hardships of staying true to beliefs while trying to grow up at the same time."
"Very simply put, EVERYBODY should read this book. I am 32 years old and can't believe I just read this book for the first time. I am so overwhelmed by this book that I can hardly put into words how it made me feel. On one hand I wish I had read this book in high school. On the other hand, I think this book had a much greater impact on me, reading it as an adult.If you haven't read this book...read it. You won't be sorry.td"
"Most of the ""classics"" are 100 year old novels or older. Any number of books can be hailed as classics, but I'm talking about the books by Twain, Dickens, Verne, ect. Their are few books from the 20th century that can be called classics yet. The Grapes of Wrath, and Of Mice and Men, can claim this. The other in my opinion is this book. It is one of the greatest novels I have ever read. If you have not read this, you must read it at least once in your life. It is one of the best of the elite group of books known as ""the classics""."
"In our most humble opinion we think this book could use some work. Half the book dose not appeal to the readers eye, but on the other hand the other half of the book is completely different from the first half.  This is a story that may have touched the hearts of some, but for the many that don't understand it. We agree with them because it doesn't make any sence to us.  Two of the only good parts are when Tom gets convicted of a crime he didn't commit and when Mr. Ewell tries to kill Jem and Scout.  Granded, we do commend you for the winning the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and also winning Academy Award winning for the film which is also a classic."
"To Kill A Mockingbird deals with the theme of racism in a prejudice society. The main conflict in this book is the trial of a black man, Tom Robinson, for the alleged rape of a Miss. Mayella Ewell a white girl.  The dilemma throught this book is whether or not the fair trial of a black man is possible in the deep South, and if justice truly does prevail. The novel is narrated through the eyes of Scout, a seven year old tomboy who is quickly learning of the existance of prejudice in the society she lives. Her father, Atticus Finch is a well-respected lawyer who takes on the case of Tom Robinson.Aside, from the obvious theme of prejudice the author has also created a mysterious character that is the center of intrigue to the population Maycomb. The purpose of this character, who is Boo Radley, is unknown to the reader and to both Scout and her brother Jem.  They become obsessed with him and won't give up their struggle to discover his true identity, aluckily for the reader they do.  This mysterious character ends up playing a very important role in the outcome of the novel.Regardless of age, this novel will touch people on a personal level.  It will make the reader think and xplore the ramifications of hate and discrimination.  At least this will be the case if there is to remian the hope that racism, predjudice and discrimination will someday be irradicated.  This is a nvael that has a lot to teach if only the reader is willing to listen."
"This enduring and delightful classic is often required reading for classes in school. I taught an entire unit on this book to my seventh grade classes. Highly enjoyable and thought-provoking book. A must read for all students!Evelyn Horan- teacher/counselor/authorJeannie, A Texas Frontier Girl Books One and Two"
"Who hasn't read this wonderful award winning book? Young people in schools are reading this delightful book as part of their literature required reading text assignments. I have listened to many book reports through the years and have taught the book to seventh graders using the study guide sheets available. A must read book for every student and a book for the library home shelf and for schools and libraries!Evelyn Horan - teacher/authorJeannie, A Texas Frontier Girl Books One and Two"
"What can I say? The most powerful, influential, beautifully-written piece of literature of ALL time... that's saying a lot. To Kill a Mockingbird teaches us about the depths of human nature--prejudice, courage, fear, joys, hopes... Lee's use of projecting these ideas through the medium of childhood innocence and questioning works so well.. it's artfully and masterfully done in such a poignant, yet effective way. This novel will definitely move you and leave you speechless. Harper Lee is a genious of a writer.EVERYONE, and I mean EVERY SINGLE HUMAN BEING, should have a chance to read this book sometime in their lives. It crosses all cultures, race, and creed. It's not just a read--it's an EXPERIENCE."
"This book was so boring. I was forced to read it for Freshman English, but I didn't. I just couldn't get into it. It's been called a classic, but it just didn't have enough action. Or anything to relate to! F- for this book."
"Harper Lee is a great writer. This book is about how people can be prejudice against other people and how that affects some other people. I htink that this book would be boring to most people, but if you are really in to god books with a message hidden behind it, you should read this book."
"I first read To Kill a Mockingbird for a school assignment. When I was finished I sighed in depression because I'd just finished one of the best literary pieces I'd ever read. It takes place in a sleepy southern town during the 1930's. It is told throught the eyes of a young Scout Finch living with her older brother Jem Finch, father Atticus who is a respected lawyer, and Black House Keeper and friend Calpurnia. Also popping up every summer is the bright eyed Charlse Baker Harris also known as Dill who gets the idea to try to make the Mysterious neighbor Boo Radley come out. When a local family the Ewells accuses Tom Robinson a black man of the beating and rape of a young woman Atticus is appointed to be Tom's defense.The book opens up the simpler times of America, but also the hardships it had to go through. It kept me interested every on every word. It makes you smile and find yourself nodding with the simplicity of the childhood issues and complexity the two go through. This book is an amazing achievement in the literary world, and shows of the morality and harshness the world can behold. It is a compelling novel and a view to the way people work."
"This is one of my favourite books that I have read!  During the time in USA where segregation was allowed between the Caucasian and African American, we learn through a little girl's views on how fortunate she was to have a father that did not encourage racism.I'm glad that I had to read this book in English class because we need to learn from the past to not treat people 'differently' because of their skin colour!"
"i think that this book is ok. its kind of confusing at some points i think you have to be a really good reader and smart to understand it.i think that the book has a good point and story, but some parts you just wont get. i would reccomend this book to people who like reading books about people's rights and older books about life. i think that the book could have been more exciting or they could have made it easer for people to read. they could have got rid of all the parts (suff) not important or needed. i would say that if you were to take a test on the book i think it wise to watch the movie to help you out. but all in all i think that this book was good but could have been better. but i do have a question why was this book banned??? when you read this book you will wounder why it was benned to, trust me. and if you know why it was banned then pelase post it so i can see why. thanks. read the book if you are up to the challange just joking read it if you want to read a good but challanging book. this is the one."
I actually would have given this book more than 5 stars-its wonderfull.i have read this book again and again and have not tired of it.Atticus Finch is one of the most amazing charectors ever wriitten-yes perhaps he's too perfect but it makes me like him more.The morals in this book were subtle and its part of the reading experience to understand and embibe the morals in this book. This is one book I reccomend to everybody....
"We've all grown up in worlds we didn't understand; the dos and don'ts us grown-ups define for our children's lives are projected through the innocent eyes of a six-year old girl trying to figure out our world.The book starts with a rough portrayed picture of the American South during the Depression years through the eyes of a child, who though surprisingly intelligent and far beyond her years, is still too young and too innocent to comprehend the world as it is. As we proceed through the pages, the facade drops only to reveal that, what lies beneath is a world of hypocrisy, social lies, prejudice, and ignorance.A handful of ideas occupy the reader's mind while at reading the book: innocence, education, bravery, prejudice, fear and justice.Education is the weapon through which the widowed father arms his children to fight society. He treats them as equals, adults and of a certain level, thus producing a charming yet troublesome duo...It soon becomes clear why he thinks education is so important. Education is the key to unlocking the ignorance that causes such prejudice.  Lessons regarding bravery and cowardice are also taught in an effective way and in a much wide spectrum than not just children but also adults would think of. Atticus's children find out quite early in their young lives that guns do not make men brave and that any fascination with guns is unfounded.Instead, fighting with one's misfortunes, especially when the battle is by fact lost, is the way of making true men, men of honour. His children learn that it takes more bravery and self-restraint to avoid a fistfight than succumb to the temptation of going through with it. Some adults never do...The most important issue of the book is prejudice in all of its forms.  Through the eyes of Scout, her father is the liberal approach to human relations and her aunt is the respective conservative. Gender roles, class distinctions and skin colour are the facts imposed on the children growing up in the average southern town of yesteryears. The belief that a cast of people are better, is confronted by the father's stand, that one should sympathize with others and ""walk in their skin"" before judging or criticizing them.Innocence. As hunters kill mockingbirds for sport, people kill innocence, or other people who are innocent, without any remorse about what they are doing.  Killing innocence is like amputating the spirit, projecting to the young hopeful minds of tomorrow that all is vanity, thus killing any hope in their minds and hearts, and wiping out any chances that our society might have to adopt, adapt and improve...Then comes fear.  Small town folks fear that they should adhere to what others think they should do, act within the margins the social rules command, or be isolated. "" Cursed is the mutant by God and men..."" Even nowadays, fear of rejection dictates the social status quo and keeps individuals from standing up for that which they believe. Coming from a Greek society, I have been many times confronted by my immediate or wider environment about things I felt, thought or imagined of being right.  I think that the lesson learned here is that until we are able to comprehend and absorb other people's ways, we are just slaves of our own prejudice, fear and hypocrisy......"
"I am 15 years old, and I just read this story about a week ago for my tenth grade english class.  Most of the kids didn't like the story and they didn't catch all of the wonderful lessons and morals that came along with it.  They didn't understand that this book could teach you a lot about life.  It taught me a bundle.  I realized all of the racist remarks that go on at school everyday, and I learned that courage is definatly not an action that doesn't involve brains.  Please, read this book with an open mind and experience the new outlooks on life that even a 7 year old girl and see.  If she can do it, you can!"
"I never read this in High School or College or any of those opportunities when you read ""the classics"".  But I've gone back and read many of the classics and this is easily in my top 10 best books ever!  Not only is the story entertaining, but the emotion and the action of the book is fantastic.  You'll laugh, you'll cry...  And if you are a fan of the movie (which I am...Gregory Peck at his best...) you'll really love reading the book!  If the movie is one of the best movies ever made, the book exceeds it simply based on the fact that it is twice the story of the movie!  The movie sticks to the story very closely, but they edit out about half of what happens in the book!  The trial happens about half-way through the book, rather than toward the very end, like in the movie.  And after reading the book, several scenes in the movie make much more sense!This one is definitely five-star book and I'd say it is one of the best books out ever written!  Don't hesitate to read this one!"
I suggest everybody read this book. And if you've read it before read it again because I know you'll find something that you didn't notice before.
"To Kill A Mockingbird is set in the quiet town of Maycomb, Alabama. The town is rocked by a trial in court concerning a  black man, and the town's most disrespected whites. Scout Finch, an eight year old girl and the narrator of the story, experiences the heat of predjudice with her brother Jem for the first time. Their father,lawyer Atticus Finch, a man wise beyond his years, boldy defends the black man, who has been wrongly accused of raping a white woman. As the story ends, the whole town learns that any kind of predjudice is the worst kind of opression of all. This story gets better every time you read it. It's awesome!!!"
"one thing to the person who called this one of the worst books he/she has ever read.. simply because the novel centers around an 8 year old does not mean the prose is infantile.. and in many ways, i'm sure a story told by an 8 year old would be better than a story told by this reviewer. the book is far from repetitive, and if the reviewer believes that this is another case of a bad book being held up as a classic, i suggest that that person go back to school and find out what a classic really is. how dare this person criticize classics when he/she obviously has no idea of what that word means. perhaps spending more time in the library and spending more time actually READING books and finding the depth in them would help."
In my house this book is held with more reverence than the bible. I have heard the plotline from my mom at least a million times but i have never had the determination and the will to read it until now. This book is every bit as well written and classic as everyone I talk to believes it to be. Its masterful use of a child's perspective on the wrongs of our world is breathtaking. Read it... I did and I'm only 16...to think people say the youth of our nation has no appreciation for great literature.
"They say that ""The Adventures of Huck Finn"" is the classic American tale of racism. Huck Finn seems to be about how rare an island of innocence is in a world beset with wickedness.To Kill a Mockingbird seems to me to be a re-working of that same story but with a different underbelly. This novel believes that there is real goodness, it offers hope in the face of wickedness. You can stay in one place and watch what you thought was so evil evolve into something good. You yourself can find courage you didn't know you had. You might find that you are better than you realized.This book has true humanity in it's core.It's a beautiful story and it is finely crafted as well.The scene at the end with Scout and that person she'd never met but had known all along killed me."
I wanted to read thsi book because it is said to be in top 100 best books. And it is really worth it.I am not familar with racicism but I liked the book.It is very well written in a kid's point of view.
"I just finished this book a few moments ago, and I am completely awed by this story.  Harper Lee has done an excellent job bringing this 1930s Alabama childhood to life.  I can see why To Kill a Mockingbird has won the Pulitzer Prize, garnered an Academy Award for the movie version, and ultimately become a timely classic enjoyed by many generations.To Kill a Mockingbird tells the story of two children, sister Scout and brother Jem, and their childhood during three years in the midst of the Great Depression.  Scout and Jem spend most of their summers with their summer-neighbor, Dill, making up plays and spying on the town recluse, Boo Radley.  During the school year (minus Dill, who goes back home to Mississippi), Scout finds herself in trouble one too many times and struggles with the concept of being a lady, especially when all she wants to do is wear overalls and beat up her classmates.Then everything changes one fall....  Scout and Jem's father, Atticus Finch, a lawyer in their town of Maycomb, Alabama, is appointed to the defense of Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman (although not of the highest caliber), Mayella Ewell.  The fact of this case rocks the town of Maycomb, and with Scout and Jem feeling the brunt of their classmates ridicule when they realize Atticus is on Tom's side.I was simply floored while reading this novel.  I wasn't expecting a ""classic"" to be so readable.  Now I know what I've been missing!  To Kill a Mockingbird is a piece of our American history that depicts racism and prejudice, childhood innocence, and the perseverence of a man who risked it all to stand up for what he believed in.  Wonderful portrayal and one I will read again."
"I think that this book is a great way to portray the many life difficulties in every way.  It is neat how the author encorporates the title of the book into the nvel itself.  Lee has a great ability to catch the reader's attention when she wants to.  Also, the characters she has in the novel are interesting because they all have different personalities and character traits.  However, this is not the number-one book."
"Another book for English class that I developed a strong attachment to.  It's definitely one of the best modern novels that have been written!  For those of you that haven't the slightest clue what this book is about...TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a story of growing up, the childhood of Scout and Jem Finch in a small town in Alabama in the 1930's.  Their father, Atticus, is a respectable lawyer, given the job of defending Tom Robinson, a black man who is accused of raping a white woman.  It's a very dark theme that inhabits this innocent world of youthfulness, but that is part of the plot: to describe the loss of innocence and the maturing of the children in their views and actions in the face of various social issues such as prejudice and class distinction.  While being told from a child's point of view runs really deep and you'll be surprised by how intelligent Scout and Jem are.  The title, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is explained on pg. 90 of the book, declaring the sin of murdering the helpless and innocent.  The story is told in a flashback, by Scout, who recounts the events between her 5 and 9 years of age, the events leading up to her brother Jem's broken arm....Now don't think this book is totally dreary and hateful - most of the characters (like Scout, Jem, and Dill) are really pleasant and incredibly entertaining.  The story takes on the real life approach but it is most relevant and I truly agree that this book is a must-read for everyone."
"Another book for English class that I developed a strong attachment to.  It's definitely one of the best modern novels that have been written!  For those of you that haven't the slightest clue what this book is about...TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a story of growing up, the childhood of Scout and Jem Finch in a small town in Alabama in the 1930's.  Their father, Atticus, is a respectable lawyer, given the job of defending Tom Robinson, a black man who is accused of raping a white woman.  It's a very dark theme that inhabits this innocent world of youthfulness, but that is part of the plot: to describe the loss of innocence and the maturing of the children in their views and actions in the face of various social issues such as prejudice and class distinction.  While being told from a child's point of view runs really deep and you'll be surprised by how intelligent Scout and Jem are.  The title, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is explained on pg. 90 of the book, declaring the sin of murdering the helpless and innocent.  The story is told in a flashback, by Scout, who recounts the events between her 5 and 9 years of age, the events leading up to her brother Jem's broken arm....Now don't think this book is totally dreary and hateful - most of the characters (like Scout, Jem, and Dill) are really pleasant and incredibly entertaining.  The story takes on the real life approach but it is most relevant and I truly agree that this book is a must-read for everyone."
"Harper Lee I wanted more great reads from you!!Every writers strives to achieve what came so readily for Ms. Lee with her first and only novel. Every reader (young and old) will have questions. I know I did.The rage of an era and the ignorance of people. 41 years after the book - people are still angry and ignorant. The people (Finches, Radleys, Ewells, Robinsons, Cunninghams), the town (Maycomb), the crime (rape by a black man of a white woman), the innocence (Scout and Dill), fear (Mayella) and wisdom (Jem) of children - in one book. I first read this classic at 13 years of age. I had so many questions, I drove my mother nuts. Why? Why? Why? Atticus, Cal, Scout, Dill, Jem, Tom, Helen, Maudie, Ms. Stephanie, Aunty, Heck, will always be a part of me. On a scale of 1-10, this read is a 100.Ms. Lee, wherever you are, whatever you are doing ... Thank you!!"
"I read To Kill A Mockingbird. This book was about 3 kids in the town of Maycomb. The setting of this stroy was during The Great Depression. The main characters are Jem, Scout & Atticus Finch. They are poor, but luckily for them their dad, Atticus, is an attorney. Jem and Scout meet a boy, Dill, and get into all sorts of mischief throughout the story.  I thought that this book was interesting and learned the true meaning of the title. I thought this book was very meaningful and Lee has written a lot to teach his readers. this book is great for those with time on their hands and prepared for a good text. Harper moves the readers with the profound thoughts and quotes of the characters."
"I read the book to Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. It is about a little girl as she deals with racism, strange people and good old fun. This book takes place in Maycomb county, Alabama around the 1930's. The main character's name is Scout and she narrates the story. The other characters in the story are Jem, her brother, Atticus, her father, Boo Radely, a neighbor hardly anyone has seen, Dill a friend visiting for the summer, and other townspeople. Dill is a great character just from how he acts. A lot of people could relate to him. He is described as fat, short and a ""big fibber"". Boo Radley is a neighbor who was believed to have killed a member of his family, who holds most of your suspense in the story, and there is a twist in the end involving him. I reccomend this book because every page is a thrilling heart-wrenching experience that keeps you wanting more and more!.."
"This book was tremendouly slow, and most of the time boring. I mean no offence to the people who liked this book, but I personally thought it was a borig book. Maybe it's because I like to read books with more action. I did not like this book, it had too little action, and even the climax was not very exiting."
"This is a book which I believe that everyone in the entire nation should read some time in their life.  The messages from this book are so powerful, yet it is easy and enjoyable to read, so you don't have to be an English expert or a great reader to be able to read this book and get something positive from it.  12 year olds would love this book. This book does a great job of addressing the issue of racism.  So if you haven't read this book, then read it right now.  Make it the next book you buy."
"With 600+ reviews, I'll spare you the plot details and synopsis.  Simply put, I can't think of a better book that has been written in English (or any other language, for that matter).  I have taught it for years to my sophomores, and I love teaching it every time.  Harper Lee's narration and dialogue are so wonderfully simple and child-like, while dealing with some very serious and heady topics:  racism, hatred, and bigotry.  She manages to make Scout, who is nine at the beginning of the novel, sound like a nine-year-old--not an easy task.  Many authors who have children as narrators fall into the trap of having them sound too young and immature or too adult and sophistocated.  Scout sounds like a whiny, impulsive, little brat at times and then makes the most profound and insightful statements at others--as most intelligent children do. . . .  This, I believe, is Harper Lee's greatest accomplishment in this novel.  Yes, she deals wonderfully with the Nazi movements in Europe, the local racism in Maycomb, and the private prejudices against Boo Radley.  However, those issues have been tackled before and since.  Never have they been tackled with a narrator such as Scout, however.  She brings a naivete, child-like innocence, and humor to the novel and its larger, darker, deeper topics and themes.Harper Lee deserves so much credit for not trying to outdo herself by writing more books of a similar nature or even, God forbid, a sequel.  She said all that needed to be said and stopped talking.  Other authors might want to take a lesson from Ms. Lee.  In short, no American student should be allowed to receive a high school diploma without having read TKM and writing a pretty darned good essay over it.  I'd settle for them just reading it, though. . . . ."
"This book is simple, yet complex.  It is one of the best books I have ever read. You need to read this book, whether you are young or old. It is a very important book to read. Also see the movie with Gregory Peck, possibly the best book-to-movie adaptioon ever done."
"As Harper Lee's one and only book, To Kill A Mockingbird is a story that everyone should read.  It focuses on the Depression in the south (Alabama) and on the lives of a lawyer and his family and a black man accused of raping a white woman.  It is both emotional and educational.  Everyone can learn something different from this story."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a wonderful book exploring issues of southern american life. It is shown through the perspective of the young girl, Scout and depicts the lives of her, her brother Jem and father Atticus over a three year period. Throughout this time we learn of the narrow minded community of Maycomb and the silent neighbour to the Finch's- Boo Radley who has been socially persecuted because fo his individuality. This book really comes down to stereotyping and the judgmental ways of small towns struggling to deal with the big issues. Scout has always been told that it is a sin to kill a mockingbird, as theyonly provide beautiful music, and do not attack. This motto is strongly applied throughout many storylines within this book. The most prominent being of the black man, Tom Robinson, who is trialled for raping a white woman, Mayella Ewell, the daughter of the local disorderly drunk. Atticus is called to represent Tom, and although a lost cause to set him free, tries to the best of his abilities and sticks up for what he believes in- even though being the is the sole person in the town that thinks so.The messages Harper Lee conveys throughout this trial and the story are fundamental issues that all must deal with throught the spiralling journey of life. As Atticus says to Scout- you can only come to understand a person when you climb inside their skin and walk around in their shoes. A poignant, masterful text that should be read by all."
"A jewel of a book-- I really learned more about humanity and the innocence of a child from this book than from most of my life put together.  Atticus is the ideal, gentle, wise, thoughtful and calmly rooted father who teaches curious children Scout and Jem about life.  Boo Radley, the deceivingly ""bad guy"" in this book in fact turns out to be the kids' best friend.  Everything about this book makes me feel good to read... and I haven't even mentioned the trial."
"I recently watched the movie ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" with Gregory Peck and realized that I had never read the book. I was really anticipating reading the movie. Yet, I gained a lot more. The story written by Harper Lee is MASTERFUL. Her word use keep me in the dictionary but I was amazed at how much I wanted more. The adventures of Jem and Scout were priceless and they always taught a lesson. For instance, Jem and Scout thought their father, Atticus, was boring and unlike other fathers until with a single shot he killed a ""mad dog"". Lee's vivid and clear description of the events made you simply want more. The story that began with simple childhood couriosity quickly changed to the evils of racial discrimination and prejudices. Jem and Scout learned a lot about themselves, their father, racism, and most of all - Always treat people the way you want to be treated!Peace and Blessings!"
"Each year millions of 9th grade students are required to read the Haper Lee classic ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" and like me back then, rented the movie and and faked a book report the best I could.The terrible injustice that is committed each year in public schools in the U.S. can only be righted when you go back and re-read this book without the pressure of wondering who are you going to invite to the Sadie Hawkins dance next week, Bobby or David?Harper Lee's story is both a work of fiction and part biographical. Characters include elements of her real life father (Atticus) and of childhood friend Truman Capote(Del Harris). All these characters that were captured on film are more alive and vibrant in the book. In addition the character of Ms. Dubois and her herion addiction is more clear and illustrates the pain and agony of addiction. The explanation of the the title is also clearly written and delivered in the editorial of BB Underwood the town's newspaper editor that is completely lost on film. While references to the mockingbird are made in the movie, it does not do the metaphore justice.Take time from your life, and relax with a reading of this classic piece of literature. Perhaps the 2nd most read book in the world today next to the bible. And for your reward for reading the book this time, I wont make you write a 500 word essay."
"I was forced to read To Kill a Mockingbird in 10th grade. And WOW! I loved it. My class was reading it together, but I couldn't help reading ahead a few chapters. I think its a shame that Harper Lee only wrote one book because, if she had written more, I would read the others for fun. To Kill is a coming of age novel more then anything else. But along with the two children, Jem and Scout, growing, the novel deals with heavy racial issues. And when Atticus, the children's father, takes up a case where he defends a black man accused of raping a young white girl. The racial angle of the book takes over. Harper Lee is a wonderful writer, her writing ties the book together wonderfully. This book left me with a sense of awe, making it easy to see why it has become a classic. I personally loved it. I am so glad that I was exposed to the book, it set the specifications of what a truely marvelous classic for me. And I know that To Kill a Mockingbird will remain a classic for a long time to come."
This was an awesome book to read....I absoultly loved it! I think that everybody should read this book because it really gives you something to think about!
"This book was very interesting, and although I usually do not enjoy reading I couldn't put this book down. I will not go into detail with the plot, but the detail expressed from the view of a childs eyes was very realistic, as well as the entire plot and moral of the story. Defitnitely an A+."
"Harper Lee has created an deep, provocative novel in To Kill A Mockingbird. She explores various themes in the book through the eyes of a young child, Scout Finch, and in doing so provides often humourous insight. That, along with Harper Lee's masterful use of symbolism and careful storyline structure, easily sets TKAMB apart from ordinary novels. Harper Lee's talent in accurately and disinterestingly exploring the Alabamian society and the prevalent racism of the 1920's shines. This book is highly recommended for those who wish to gain a wider view of aspects of society which still plague us today, such as racial discrimination, racism, prejudice, etc. There may still be hope today."
"If there is a ""great American novel,"" this is it. Simply put: you will not find a better conceived or written American novel. Period. If you can't get more out of it each reading, you're not alive to the world around you or the possibilities within."
"The book I reviewed was called To Kill A Mockingbird.  It's this story about family living in The south.  Maycomb, Alabama to be exact.  The story is told from the view of  Scout Finch a little girl.  The story is about the trials and tribulations of Scout and her brother Jem anlong with their father Atticus.  Their father is a lawyer and takes on a case of a black man accused of raping a white girl.  This stirs a lot of emotions from the other people living in Maycomb, mostly bad.  Everyone is against Atticus.  Overall the book is a classic.  It deals with problems of the past as well as problems of the future.  That is one reason some many people have read it.  The book does a good job of using dialogue and characterization.  You feel like you know all of the characters on a personal level.  One thing that makes it difficult to read is the fact that the author, Lee Harper, uses the southern dialect.  Some of the words she uses are slang's that people from the south would use.  While reading the book you are reminded how bad those times were for black people.  The book does a good job of showing the southern way of life at that time.  the book starts out slow but ends up picking up making for an interesting read.  I would recommend it but warn you about the slow start.  If you can get past that I think you can enjoy it."
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is by far one of the best books I have read. I can see why it is considered a classic. I read it once before but skipped many parts and I concluded that I really didn't like it. I am glad I chose to read it again because I really feel I understand the message it is trying to send to the reader a lot better. I believe that the ideal audience is for people from about 12 up. It shouldn't be limited to people in high school at all. The book really displayed so much description I really felt that I was a part of the town another neighbor. The plot had many sub-plots that all tied into the main idea of the story about Jem and Scout growing up and learning many new things about the town they live in. I liked every minute of the plot it was exciting at times, like when Jem went to get his pants back also the fire. Then the plot was very heartwarming with Atticus always scooping the children up and really explaining things to them and all the emotions displayed in the court case. Harper Lee was also very thorough with the characterization. You felt like you knew everyone in the town and I really got into the book even more because of it. I also liked how detailed the court case was between Tom Robinson and Mr. Euwell. Harper Lee brought you into the courtroom and showed you Tom's innocence and showed how awful times were back then when the found him guilty. I would definitely recommend this book to everyone it shows every one how two children grow up and learn about themselves."
"To Kill A Mockingbird was a very well written book.  It has every element needed to get where it has gotten.  It has many literary techniques and terms used in it.  This book has stood the test of time and there are very many reasons for it. This book is about a family who goes through many hard times and deals with many hard issues like racism, family problems, and to deal with the loss of something.  But after all is said and done they stick together and prevail over all. It has very many well-written and obvious literary terms inside the book.  Characterization was a big concept used.  As the story went on you felt like you were actually with the characters as they played there games or as they were in the courtroom, you got the feeling you were right there with them.  Theme was another important one.  Many themes showed up in this book and a couple were obvious.  You have the easy one, racism, and you also have the little ones that you had to catch throughout the book.  Like how reading is important and it enhances the mind.  Also how you should walk a mile in someone else's shoes before you judge them. This book has stood the test of time and in my opinion everyone should take the time to read it.  I recommend this book to everyone who likes to read and even people who don't because the book offers great reading material and good lessons to be learned. At this time I really couldn't find anything wrong with this well written novel.  Sometimes I just wish she had written another book.  I really enjoyed this book and I really didn't want it to end."
"We had to read To Kill a Mockingbird for 9th grade.  I was surprised at all of the allusions, and how deep the book actually went.  There are a lot of themes that don't jump out at you all at once, and you have to re-read it to find them.  I thought that this was a good book for high schoolers, but there are a couple remarks and ideas that aren't as great for middle schoolers to read.  This is a good book and should be thought of as a classic."
"Harper Lee truly enthralls the mind of his reader in To Kill A Mockingbird by examining emotions, experiences, and the ignorance of people living in a small town called Maycomb.  One could say that Maycomb was a town comprised of thickheaded individuals that were very closed minded and set in their ways.  Also, in this era whites were dominant to blacks, and segregation was the law that by which all blacks had to abide.Atticus Finch was a lawyer, and also a single father of two children growing up in the town of Maycomb.  His son Jeremy (Jem) and his daughter, the narrator Jean-Louis (Scout), were at the age of questioning everything, and also at the age where certain experiences would etch and mold the way both would think, feel, act, and behave in the future.  Atticus being a wise, humble, caring man knew this so he did his best to not shelter but to welcome questions and concerns that each of his children may have.Scout tells her experiences with Atticus, Jem, their friend Dill, her talks with Miss Maudie, altercations with Mrs. Dubose and her Aunt Alexandra, her views on school, and her childhood obsession with Boo Radley.  Everything seems to be well for the Finches, until Atticus agrees to defend a black man by the name of Tom Robinson that is accused of raping a white man's daughter.  The story erupts with emotion, drama, and at this point is virtually impossible to put down.This book is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone."
"Harper Lee truly enthralls the mind of his reader in To Kill A Mockingbird by examining emotions, experiences, and the ignorance of people living in a small town called Maycomb.  One could say that Maycomb was a town comprised of thickheaded individuals that were very closed minded and set in their ways.  Also, in this era whites were dominant to blacks, and segregation was the law that by which all blacks had to abide.Atticus Finch was a lawyer, and also a single father of two children growing up in the town of Maycomb.  His son Jeremy (Jem) and his daughter, the narrator Jean-Louis (Scout), were at the age of questioning everything, and also at the age where certain experiences would etch and mold the way both would think, feel, act, and behave in the future.  Atticus being a wise, humble, caring man knew this so he did his best to not shelter but to welcome questions and concerns that each of his children may have.Scout tells her experiences with Atticus, Jem, their friend Dill, her talks with Miss Maudie, altercations with Mrs. Dubose and her Aunt Alexandra, her views on school, and her childhood obsession with Boo Radley.  Everything seems to be well for the Finches, until Atticus agrees to defend a black man by the name of Tom Robinson that is accused of raping a white man�s daughter.  The story erupts with emotion, drama, and at this point is virtually impossible to put down.This book is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone."
"The world of the 1930's southern culture is revealed to us in To Kill a Mockingbird, as seen through the eyes of a young girl named Jean Louis Finch, known as Scout.  This book tells the story about Scout and her brother Jem learning lessons about compassion and fairness.  Prejudice is the main theme of this book.  Atticus Finch, the father of Scout, the story's narrator, is a lawyer assigned to defend a black man falsely accused of rape. Atticus is a tolerant man who has raised his children to do their best to consider all points of view. Over the span of three years, Scout, gives us a first-hand view of how the townspeople in Maycomb, Alabama behave toward people of different races and classes in the town.  Scout's experiences with the people of Maycomb teach her to consider their points of view in addition to her own.  At her young age she begins to understand the daily life of many of Maycomb's residents backgrounds better than most of the adults. When she confronts Mr. Cunningham and the other men at the jail, she is able to reach them by showing their connections to each other.  Scout tells the story in her own words, but her analysis of the people and their actions are with the point of view of an adult.  She understands what the sheriff is doing when he declares that Bob Ewell has fallen on his own knife, and she also realizes that Boo has been their unseen friend and protector throughout, and should be treated respectfully.  Harper Lee does a good job portraying prejudices in the post depression South. It is a novel worth reading again and again."
"I had to read that book at school, too.When our English teacher gave it to us, noone expected anything interesting. But reading it for a while, you suddenly take part in it and the southern society. It's a book about prejudices,racism and finally the theory of Atticus Finch-that all humans are created equal.More than just a school-book."
"This book is absolutely brilliant.  I've read the book three times in my life, at ages 13, 18, and 22.  With each reading I gain a better appreciation for the storyline, the author, and the moral beliefs that are challenged within these pages.  There are few books that increase in complexity the more they are read, and this happens to be one of them.  Harper Lee seems to speak to readers of all ages, and no matter how many times this novel is read, the reader will never cease to feel compelled by the message that it delivers.The story is narrated by Scout, the daughter of Atticus Finch, a criminal defense attorney in the Deep South who is assigned to defend a black man in his trial for raping a white girl.  The novel tells the story of how Scout and her family endure the threatening ridicule from their community for Atticus' loyalty to this man.  While Harper Lee delivers the message that black people were discriminated against in the Deep South, the more notable message was the struggle that whites endured when they chose to side with the blacks.  There are some extremely comical moments in this book involving Scout and her brother.  Therre are also several other interesting sub-plots that help describe the morals, beliefs, and problems in the Deep South during that period of time.  Though, my favorite part was Atticus Finch's closing argument during the trial.  His monologue constitutes some of the best pages of literature I've ever read.This was the only novel that Harper Lee ever wrote.  Maybe it is best that she never published again.  There's no way that she could have ever topped this novel.  Not many authors can.  This novel will always remain a permanent member of my book collection, and I'm sure I'll be reading it a few more times in my life and gaining something new ever time.  Everyone should read this book."
"This is one of the most popular books of the 20th century: it is in the top three. And with good reason, it is an excellent story, but it is a bit slow-paced. This book describes the trials and tribulations of a young Southern girl and her family during the middle of the century. It is told from the point of view of Jean Finch, whose father Atticus is representing a black man in a rape case. She is threatened and called names, just to name a few, but she never loses hope. It is one of those books that everybody can take something out of, it is an inspiring and invigorating book."
"I thought this was a pretty good book.  However, I was forced to read it for school, which I am sure took away from the true excellence of the book.  Even though it was mandantory to read this book, I still enjoyed it, and might even read it again some day.  So, if you are teenager and have not had to read it in school yet... read it now, while you can still fully enjoy it!"
"Ok, I had to read this book for my school.Most of the time I get bored with the books I read in school. But when I started reading this, I was really amazed it turned out to be a good book. This is the best book I ever read for school. I just love it :) If anyone is reading this, please go get the book. It's worth it."
"I cannot deny that this novel pulled me into the story and maintained my interest.  The novel, chock full of human insight, doesn't opt for lies or platitudes.  But some schools teach this work as a profound statement on race in the USA.  While this may be true, the father's representation of a falsely accused black man despite threats from the white community, while admirable, isn't the key.  The key to understanding race in the USA lies in the fact that the author does not imagine in detail the lives of that black man and his family, the real tragedy, the real and profundly distrubing story that this book only mentions in passing.  The child narrator loves her father for his principles, but does not begin the fathom the situation of the black man's family.  By all means read this book, because it shows that even many decent and well meaning whites do not really understand the lives of American blacks.  And read it with a reading group and ponder whether this was the author's intention, or a limitation of her own understanding merely reflected in the book."
"I cannot deny that this novel pulled me into the story and maintained my interest.  The novel, chock full of human insight, doesn't opt for lies or platitudes.  But some schools teach this work as a profound statement on race in the USA.  While this may be true, the father's representation of a falsely accused black man despite threats from the white community, while admirable, isn't the key.  The key to understanding race in the USA lies in the fact that the author does not imagine in detail the lives of that black man and his family, the real tragedy, the real and profundly distrubing story that this book only mentions in passing.  The child narrator loves her father for his principles, but does not begin the fathom the situation of the black man's family.  By all means read this book, because it shows that even many decent and well meaning whites do not really understand the lives of American blacks.  And read it with a reading group and ponder whether this was the author's intention, or a limitation of her own understanding merely reflected in the book."
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is entertaining and inspiring. The narrator, Scout, is the daughter of a proud lawyer who's newest case is to defend a gentle black man named Tom Robinson who is accused of a crime he didn't commmit. Although I did find it to be a little slow at times, this novel definitely taught me a lesson. Mockingbirds represent the childhood innocence that we are all born with, and ""to shoot a mockingbird is a sin, because they don't dig up our gardens or bother us... just sing their hearts out for us."" A simple, bittersweet story that is honest and truthful."
"Who knew a classic could be oh so totally cool the first time you tried to read it back when you were 14. It made sense at 14, it makes better sense now.  Harper Lee has an amazing story telling ability and she potrays the young girl Scout so well. Its almost as if the story was written from Scouts view. Incredible characterizations. Thats what really swept me off my feet, along with the amazing setting description. You could feel the heat, you could feel the hate, you can just really FEEL this book!"
"This book was written by Truman Capote.  Harper Lee was his childhood friend and he wrote the story as a gift to her and let her publish it.  Don't you think someone that wrote this book would of gone on to write many more?  Well Truman did. Harper Lee never ""wrote"" another book."
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird when it was first published.  I was entranced with it then -- I didn't know then that it would become a classic.Now, so many years later, I have read it again by listening to the unabridged audiobook.  It is superbly done -- Roses Prichard is amazing as young Scout Finch, telling her story at once from a child's perspective and yet with such wisdom.  I laughed out loud at times, and was touched by the children's relationships with each other and with mysterious neighbor ""Boo.""The lessons they all learn during those southern summers -- some very difficult ones -- are tempered by being told through the eyes of a child.  And you can see this child learning all the time as she observes her mild, gentle and heroic father, Atticus, and how he looks at life.Whether you have read this book before or not, listening to the full-length reading is wonderful experience -- I really enjoyed it!"
"I had no idea this book was so wonderful. If you like to read (an amazing accomplishment in this culture) then this is a book that you will want to have in your library. Get-it!, love-it!, and give it to your friends!"
"Well Harper gives us a gripping story of Ethics and philosophical intrigue, but doesn't lose the story line and make it unentertaining.  A classic that's an easy read at any age and one you should come back to periodically in your life for a new viewpoint."
"BRILLIANT!  That's what I thought when I finished this book.  The depiction of small town bigotry, coupled with the ""myth"" of Arthur (Boo) Radley made for a spectacular and eye-opening read.  It couples several themes, as well.  Love and Hate, Innocense and Experience, Right and Wrong.  All come together for a spectacular finale which the movie fails completely to display at it's utmost meaning.  Don't just sell out and watch the movie.  If you have not read this masterpiece yet, I strongly suggest that you do.  You won't be sorry."
"An extraordinary novel that shows us the South that existed several decades ago through the eyes of a child.  Scout Finch's world is full of wonder and mystery.  When her father, the lawyer Atticus Finch, takes the case of a black man who has been falsely accused of raping a white woman, she begins to see and understand both the ugliness that exists in the world and the meaning of true heroism.  Harper Lee's novel must be one of the most perceptive narratives from the viewpoint of a child ever written."
"What can be said about a book that covers so many bases?  To Kill a Mockingbird is the tale of two children, Jem and Scout growing up in a rural Georgia town.  Their father, Atticus Finch, is a kind, just socially responsible man who takes on a case in which a black man is accused of raping a poor white girl.  Since the book is set in the south in the 1930's, the defending of a black man against a white woman is unheard of, but Atticus takes the case pro bono because of every man's unalienable rights, and because of the fact that his defendant is not guilty, a fact which is hushed up and covered over by bigotry and hate in this small southern town.  The novel makes a stand on basic human rights while covering so much other territory.  The antics of Jem and Scout perfectly capture what it is like to be a child during the summer, despite the fact that these summers take place in the charged atmosphere of a racist southern town where both Jem and Scout are forced to do some growing up.  The mysterious character of Boo Radley points out once again that a person's appearance and reputation mean nothing when it comes to their character.  There is so much packed into this one little novel that it the one-hundredth reading would still be a fresh as the first.  Every scene, from Scout's first day at school to the night outside the city jail where a lynch mob threatens Atticus and his client are drawn with amazing skill and beauty.  This book is an American treasure and Atticus Finch is one of the greatest characters ever to appear in literature.  The only real question this book leaves you with is why didn't Harper Lee ever take up his pen to create another novel?"
Wonderful story!  Many topics to discuss such as: raising children without a mother; the black nanny as the caregiver; the different way that the nanny acts with the white community versus her community; the views of the school teachers towards children that are taught at home; the boogie man who lives next door.....
"I read this about three years ago when I was in 7th grade, and although it was well written, and very interesting I thought it was very sad. Most people have to read this in 9th grade, and I wouldn't disobey a teacher, but I wouldn't read it if you didn't have to, not because it's a bad book, but because it's depressing. But that's just my opinion."
"As soon as I began To Kill a Mockingbird during the summer of eigth grade, I was skeptical. Being someone who had NEVER enjoyed any of the books we had to read in school, I was not looking forward to it. I began it after a sour experience of reading ""Of Mice and Men"" and was expecting the worst. I could not have been more wrong.The simple but meangingful experiences of Scout Finch et al touched me on a personal level. The deeper meaning of this book is something we can all learn from. In the first half of the book, no huge events really take place, but it's the smaller ones that set the tone of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"". There are a few incedents where people try to get Scout to conform, like when her first grade teacher is upset that she can read already and thinks she shouldn't be able to. Throughout the story, the motif of thinking for oneself and separating from the crowd pop up in different scenarios. This book may seem to move more slowly than you might like. I think Harper Lee did this for a reason. Don't buy the cliffnotes, folks. See for yourself."
"I read this book during my freshman year of high school and really enjoyed it. It was the first book I bought in a long time because I liked it so much.As the reader we are brought into Maycomb County, Alabama through the eyes of Scout Finch, a young girl who has yet to lose her innocence. Through the book she matures greatly as she learns, much from her father Atticus Finch, to see through others' perspectives, one of the biggest lessons I've ever learned in my sixteen years of existence.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a classic story that should be read by all."
"I was required to read this book over the summer for an Honors English class for next year. I finished it the week after school was out. It was so full of plot, and so intruiging, that I couldn't put it down. It was so incredible. I never imangined I would enjoy it so much. Harper Lee does a wonderful job setting the scene, especially with the dialect and character development. You see Scout Finch's world just as she would as the events unfold. This is one of the few times I am glad I was required to read a book. If not, I would have never known what lies beneath the cover."
"Atticus Finch, the unforgettable protagonist of Harper Lee's masterpiece, To Kill A Mockingbird, provides the premise for the novel early on when he states to his daughter, Scout, ""You never really know about another person until you walk around in his skin for a while and feel it.  Then you start to see what life is like from his eyes.""  Told in the first person, the book is narrated by eight-year-old Jean-Louse ""Scout"" Finch, a motherless tomboy, who encounters many adventures and learns several lessons in the rural town of Maycomb, Alabama during the Great Depression.  With Scout's elder brother, Jem, by her side, she struggles to accept the racial and economic barriers which had, for too long, separated the townspeople of Maycomb.  To Kill A Mockingbird is a love letter to a community steeped in hypocrisy and injustice; the novel suggests that the chains of the Old South would eventually change due, in part, to individuals such as Scout's sagacious and determined father, Atticus.  When Scout's father, a local prominent attorney, agrees to defend a local Negro worker accused of raping a white woman, Scout begins to recognize the cancer that has all but choked Maycomb out of existence.  As a result of the trial Scout loses her innocence and gains the wisdom that despite ancient grudges it is time for a change in Maycomb.  Characterization is a vital ingredient to the success of To Kill a Mockingbird.  Harper Lee breathes life into all of her characters; she provides them with not only an outward appearance that rings true, but with also a motivation to every action that is plausible because the author makes the reader walk in each character's shoes.  The novel possesses as many memorable figures as any other novel in American history.  In particular, Scout, who narrates the book, is transformed from a highly naive and impulsive little girl to a perceptive and sensitive individual by novel's end.  Jem, Scout's brother, converts from boyhood to manhood and gains a new respect an understanding for his surroundings.  Unlike his children, Atticus remains remarkably true to his character throughout Lee's memoir.  His character is so unforgettable that he remains as the most conspicuous role model for both fathers and lawyers in American literature forty years after the publication of the book.  Another memorable figure in the novel, Tom Robinson, is a hardworking, caring, and honest ""Negro"" who is falsely accused of raping a white woman.  Tom symbolizes the plight of all African Americans at the time where prejudice and injustice were commonplace.  Perhaps the most compelling figure in Lee's work is the mysterious phantom of the town, Arthur Radley.  He remains inside his house down the street from the Finches', a recluse who is neither seen nor heard.  Arthur, better known as ""Boo"", provides the basis for many rumors and stories that keep the gossips guessing in the small community.  ""Boo"" is thus held responsible for many ills and faults of the town.  The mystery of ""Boo"" dominates the imagination and nightmares of Scout and Jem.  The characters of the novel contain weaknesses as well as strengths.  Lee's novel possesses accurate points of view for the time period that adds to the incredible realism that is conveyed through each individual's personality.  Harper Lee's descriptive style provides the reader with remarkable characters and remarkable settings.  The attention Lee focuses on small details brings To Kill a Mockingbird to life.  Most scenes are enhanced by strong dialogue; dialogue that is particularly evident in the riveting courtroom scene that stays with the reader long after he or she has put it down.  An example of Harper Lee's vibrant prose can be found when she sets the scene for 1933 Maycomb: ""Maycomb was an old town, but it was a tired old town when I first knew it.  In rainy weather the streets turned to red slop; grass grew on the sidewalks, the courthouse sagged in the square.  Somehow, it was hotter then: a black dog suffered on a summer's day; bony mules hitched to Hoover carts flicked flies in the sweltering shade of the live oaks on the square.  Men's stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning.  Ladies bathed before noon, after three-o'clock naps, and by nightfall were soft like teacakes with frostings of sweat and sweet talcum.""  The several themes communicated through Harper Lee's brilliant plausible characters tie the novel together creating a beautiful masterpiece.  A classic that ten years from now you will be able to pick up again and enjoy even more the second or third time.  I am thankful to Harper Lee for allowing me to imagine walking around in the shoes of her characters."
"I'm not sure how much point there is to another review of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", since it's already well established as an American classic.  But here's my own take on it.The quick plot summary is that a Black man, Tom Robinson, has been falsely accused of raping a white woman in Alabama in the 1930's.  Atticus (and like most people, I can think of Atticus only as Gregory Peck) is a lawyer who has been appointed by the court to represent the defendant.  The story revolves around how Atticus, his family, and his friends deal with the racial hatreds and other social conflicts that result from his participation in the case.It's hard to imagine how a book can be any more perfect than this one.  On every basis - plot, setting, characterizations - it is a smashing success.  But I suppose if there is one thing that stands out over everything else in the book, it is the wonderful (and not so wonderful) people who populate its pages.The story is told through the eyes of Atticus's little daughter, Jean Louise (nicknamed ""Scout""), who is probably the most realistically appealing child in any novel I have ever read.  Lee doesn't over-romanticize the wisdom of a child, as many authors do.  Any parent, or anyone who has experience with children, knows that children are NOT unspoiled creatures, free from the prejudices and selfishness that have to be taught by adults.  Scout and her older brother Jem are completely natural characters, recognizable to all of us who remember our own childhoods.  But because of the circumstances into which they are thrown, the two of them emerge as nothing short of heroic figures.But there are so many other memorable characters that it seems impossible that this novel could be only 323 pages long.  There is Scout and Jem's annual summertime friend, Dill.  There is the family maid and de facto female head of household, Calpurnia.  There is the painfully naive and judgmental Miss Caroline, a recent graduate from ed school who is assigned to teach Scout's first-grade class.  There is Boo Radley, the town's mysterious recluse.  There is the ""white trash"" family that started all the trouble with their accusation of rape.  Above all, there is Atticus himself, a figure of towering integrity, love, and loyalty.As wonderful as the book is all the way through, I must call special attention to Chapter 15, where the eight-year-old Scout, with simple love and unconscious courage, tames a gang of thugs who have assembled at the local jail to lynch Tom Robinson.  (Classical music lovers who read this book might think of the chapter as a literary equivalent of the famous second movement of Beethoven's Fourth Piano Concerto.)  In my entire reading life, which covers more than fifty years and thousands of books, I have never read a more moving passage than this one.It is inconceivable that a writer who could create so many memorable characters in so few pages would have confined herself to this one novel as her lifetime output.  But she did.So how good is this book?  I used to have three all-time favorite novels (Tom Jones, And Ladies of the Club, and Lonesome Dove).  Now I have four."
"There are many reviews here that tell all about this book - so I won't bother with that. However, I am grateful to Harper Lee for giving the world this timeless treasure. Thank you for giving us Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, Calpurnia, Boo Radley, and Tom Robinson. They are characters that will always be treasured in the hearts of people."
one time a librarian told me to read this book so I like borrowe it and like took it home and like read it but I didn't have time to read it so OK
"Absolutely fantastic. If you liked A Tree Grows In Brooklyn, you'll love this."
"Somehow I managed to avoid reading this book in high school or college.  Then, about 10 years ago I picked up a copy at one of those library sales, thinking I *should* read it at some point.When I finally started, I couldn't put it down until I finished.  Some books are great, but the prose gets so dense, they can be a struggle at times (Cold Mountain, anyone?).  This one was beautifully written, but also a rocket ride of a plot.It's part comedy, part mystery/thriller, part social drama exploring the themes of bigotry and racism, part kids' adventure book, and so much more, all wrapped up in a coming-of-age story.Since then, I've re-read twice more over the years, and given away more than a dozen copies to friends and family members as gifts.  I've tried to watch the movie, but it's flat, boring, missing the spark of excitement that runs throughout the book.I can never shake, either, that this talented woman who wrote this has never published a book since.  I would read ANYTHING published with her name on it as author..."
"The story ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" is basically a story about the way of life in a time of suspicion, hatred, poverty, and ignorance. It's about the effect of racism has on a small town from a child's point of view. The town is called Maycomb with ""grass that grows as tall as a person, roads of dirt, and children with none, sometimes or disgusting eating habits."" The main characters are Atticus, Boo Radly, Scout, Jim and Dill. I liked Boo Radly. He stayed hidden for many years.  I don't know if he really did, what the town said he did; that he stabbed his father in the leg with scissors and then pulled it out. Boo placed wax dolls and food in the hollow tree and in exchange received candy from Scout, Jem, and Dill. Atticus the father of the children heads into a major problem as a lawyer defending Tom Robinson who is accused of assault and rape on a town woman.  The children had many difficulties dealing with Ms. Doubtly's craziness from drug use. Seeing their dad being ridiculed by the town as he was trying to achieve justice for Tom Robinson also made their lives more complex.The characters I could relate to were Atticus, Scout, Boo Radly, and Dill. Boo Radly reminded me of events in my life when I was not wanted in places like school and church, Where Boo was stuck in a hole, I felt I was stuck somewhere as well. Just as Atticus stands up for human rights and believes in himself, I stand up for my rights as well as the rights of my friends. Dill is a character that has a wild imagination just like I find myself having a wide variety of ideas.My favorite part of the book is when Boo Radly saved Scout and Jem from Bob Edwell. As well, I thoroughly enjoyed the part where Bob Edwell is twisted crimes were exposed and he was killed accidentally.  For the educational and symbolic idealism the book deserves a medal. The book exposes and illustrates hard reality in a time when people were racist. My least favorite part of the book was when Tom Robinson was killed because he was killed by hate. It was as if he was going to die anyway whether a public execution or not. From a student's point of view, I would change the use of the n word so readers don't have to see it. I would recommend this book to as an insight and perspective on history. The type of person who would like this book would be a person who enjoys reading history, a suspenseful novel, or a person who likes to read about problems in the past."
"The story ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" is basically a story about the way of life in a time of suspicion, hatred, poverty, and ignorance. It's about the effect of racism has on a small town from a child's point of view. The town is called Maycomb with ""grass that grows as tall as a person, roads of dirt, and children with none, sometimes or disgusting eating habits."" The main characters are Atticus, Boo Radly, Scout, Jim and Dill. I liked Boo Radly. He stayed hidden for many years.  I don't know if he really did, what the town said he did; that he stabbed his father in the leg with scissors and then pulled it out. Boo placed wax dolls and food in the hollow tree and in exchange received candy from Scout, Jem, and Dill. Atticus the father of the children heads into a major problem as a lawyer defending Tom Robinson who is accused of assault and rape on a town woman.  The children had many difficulties dealing with Ms. Doubtly's craziness from drug use. Seeing their dad being ridiculed by the town as he was trying to achieve justice for Tom Robinson also made their lives more complex.The characters I could relate to were Atticus, Scout, Boo Radly, and Dill. Boo Radly reminded me of events in my life when I was not wanted in places like school and church, Where Boo was stuck in a hole, I felt I was stuck somewhere as well. Just as Atticus stands up for human rights and believes in himself, I stand up for my rights as well as the rights of my friends. Dill is a character that has a wild imagination just like I find myself having a wide variety of ideas.My favorite part of the book is when Boo Radly saved Scout and Jem from Bob Edwell. As well, I thoroughly enjoyed the part where Bob Edwell is twisted crimes were exposed and he was killed accidentally.  For the educational and symbolic idealism the book deserves a medal. The book exposes and illustrates hard reality in a time when people were racist. My least favorite part of the book was when Tom Robinson was killed because he was killed by hate. It was as if he was going to die anyway whether a public execution or not. From a student's point of view, I would change the use of the n word so readers don't have to see it. I would recommend this book to as an insight and perspective on history. The type of person who would like this book would be a person who enjoys reading history, a suspenseful novel, or a person who likes to read about problems in the past."
"It's quite pitiful that so many people don't see the beauty and Southern grace that is infiltrated all through this book. I've never been in Alabama, but I've had enough contact with Southern types of people and this is a very accurate portrayal: time moves slowly, everyone takes it easy...I watched this movie earlier this year and was completely taken by it. But I'm not reviewing the movie. The book was just as good. Every time I put it down I just wanted to pick it up and go on reading.It was, contrary to several reviewers' statements, very easy to follow. Yes, it can be a bit scattered at times, but much of its charm lies in the child's narration, surprisingly mature at times and yet all the same naive. It flows along slowly but never once drags. And I like the dialect. Of course we all knows Southern folk have awful grammar, but I don't rightly think that ought to matter. If you ever lived around folks who talks like this, you'll realise how very authentic it is. Adds a touch, like.Overall I felt this was a very moving story. I must say that every time I read Atticus' words I just heard Gregory Peck saying them. The way Scout describes her father's voice matches Gregory's so perfectly...I'm already reading this a second time, and I hardly ever read books again just after finishing them. Let that be my recommendation after my wandering review."
"TKAM is not just a novel about a man's struggle for justice & truth; it is not just an indictment of racial prejudice & blind conformity to traditions of society; it is not just about the agonized, confused growing up of two intelligent & sensitive children - it is about man's struggle to be loyal to his conscience; about man's recognition of the sacredness of the human personality; about man's respect for man.Above all, it attacks that aspect of life which deserves the greatest denunciation in human existence - irrationality.I would not call TKAM one of the greatest novels of the world of all times, but it is certainly an excellent one.One of the main reasons I'd offer for saying this is that it is not a novel which explores several ideas in all their depth and profundity, such as the novels of Fyodor Dostoevsky, neither is it a masterpiece in characterization - exploring the innermost recesses and complexities of the human soul, like the plays of Shakespeare.Therefore, I'd give it four-and-a-half points; but between a choice of 4 and 5, I'd select 5.Nevertheless, it is a novel which captures several themes which are weighty by their basic import and weaves them into a story which brings them out wonderfully.One of the best aspects of this novel is its perfectly delightful humor.It exudes a sense of joyousness & benevolence, having been narrated from the perspective of an intelligent, precocious, sensitive, aggressively defiant and highly individualistic girl - Scout Finch, who, in the course of novel grows from the age of 6 to 9.Another element which endeared me to this novel is its highly appealing characters, especially Atticus Finch - a man of conscience, honor, & dignity, full of benevolence & goodwill, and the perfect gentleman; a father who doesn't want to impose on his children the stifling tradition of society or family, but allows them their space to develop their distinct individuality, at the same time inculcating in them, without the use of fear, a unique value system which can make them strong, proud, independent and compassionate individuals whom no tragedy and suffering can embitter or break.The character of Jem - Scout's elder brother, as intelligent, sensitive and proud as Scout, but less aggressive & defiant & obviously, comparatively more mature; Miss Maudie - firm but loving; and Cal are well-drawn & lovable too.Harper Lee has captured the mood and ""feel"" of country life - of a sleepy, old, rather poor & conservative town; of a small boy stepping into adolescence; of a young child's very simple, straightforward & honest way of looking at life, with great insight & truthfulness.In conclusion, TKAM is a must-read. It is a novel which re-affirms one's conviction in the innate goodness and nobility of the human soul."
"Scout and Jem Finch adore their father, Atticus. Atticus Finch, a lawyer, is asked to defend an African American man, Tom Robinson, accused of raping Mayella Ewell, the daughter of nasty Bob Ewell. Atticus must endure critisism from neighbors, townspeople, and his kid's classmates. But he doesn't care. Also, Scout and Jem are fascinated by their neighbor, Boo Radley. Boo has barely been seen, so some think he's a monster, and some think he's a criminal. Scout and Jem are determined to find out.The two plots link in a stunning way, one of the things that makes this book amazing.This book is a classic. It's my FAVORITE book! It's descriptive, has a wonderful plot, has interesting plot twists, and really gets into the mind of a 7 year old girl.Thank you, Ms. Lee, for writing such an important piece of literature!"
"The first time I read this I was around eleven and this was required reading.I really did love the book when I finished it, although I prefer to read for fun rather than required reading.But anyways,  I am 21 years old now and after reading tons of books,which were great but had no substance at all.I would have to say that this book is a masterpiece.If you are brainless and want books to entertain you rather than teach you something.Or if you like Vin Diesel movies and watch trl, this is probably not the book  for you."
"This is an extremely well-written classic that addresses several different, timeless issues. Initially, it is about two children discovering the sometimes harsh realities of their world. A little deeper, this book is about 1 man defending another, unjustly accused man, against the wrath of a town. On yet another level, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" provides a realistic look at prejudice, racism, and injustice through the innocent eyes of a young girl."
"There are few books that comes along that will make you sit down and examine the way you look and fell about people in society, and this is one of them. In this book, Harper Lee tells the story of a society which is filled with rascism and sterotypes. Atticus Finch, a local lawyer, is not like other people in the town and is determined to stand up for what he belives is right. Even if this means putting his family, career, and even his life in danger. This book will also take you back to your childhood and the way that most children look at the world. This book should be required to read because it helps to break down sterotypes in the world. This book has been critized for showing too much racism but unfortunately people get upset when authors show the world its own shame."
"It was about a little girl named Jean Lousie and her brother Jem. It was when people hated black people. One man got convicted of hurting a girl, and most people thought he didn't get a fair trail since he was black,and he couldn't have hurt her because he had a hurt arm. Why it is called ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is,  you shouldn't kill something harmless and kind. And they found out that Boo Radley was kind and he saved their lives, but the kids of the town were frightened of him!"
"If you didn't read the back of the book you wouldn't know what it's main point was. Every book has it's problem. But this book didn't seem to have one. You know it's about a man who has to defend a Black man, Tom Robinson, for the accussation that he raped a white woman. But that just seems to be a part in the story.  I mean, the story dragged on and then suddenly this trial pops up. And that goes on for the rest of the story. At the end it's like the trial hardly happened. I've never read a book like this. For example, The Wizard of Oz, Dorothy was trying to get home right? Well Scout, one of the main characters, just sat on the sidelines the whole story and told what happened. She had no dramamtic effect on the book.  To like this book you have to have a particular taste for this odd book. I honestly don't see how it's such a great book. It's pointless, and useless. I'm sorry to say such things about such a classic book, but when I saw it I was expecting something more intresting. The book title hardly plays a role in the type of book it is. It is mentioned once in the book but only seems to relate to one small part, not the whole story.  I wouldn't reccomend this book to anyone I know. You just have to read it yourself to know what I mean."
"This classic novel by Harper Lee potrays the life in the deep South during the Depression. The themes that this one single book varies from how you should not judge to how cruel racisim can be. The story is told from the view of an eight year old girl, who in her own way learns that human nature has two sides. When a story is told by a child, the innocense simply captives any reader. Jen-Lousie Finch is nothing short of this. Along with her brother Jem and her close friend Dill, they all three conceive numerous plots to bring the town's maniac in to broad daylight.On a more serious note, this story is about a black man who is accused agianst raping a white woman. One of the moral compasses of the story is Atticus Finch. He was appointed to defend Tom Robinson in court. The result of this trail will amaze and shock you. You will meet a wide range of characters. Starting from a morphine addict to a man who is shunned from soceity.On a personal note, I didn't read this story out of choice. It was assigned to our sixth grade class as an extra credit project and to this day I have respected my teacher for having such good taste. As I am sure many have sid before, the only dow side to this beautiful story is that it is the only one that Harper Lee wrote. I am sure we can all forgive her for this because she did it right the first time."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" thoroughly deserves it's title as a ""classic.""  With the intriguing manner Lee used to explain the events over two years, as well as showing the maturity in Jem and Scout over those two years, this novel has deep meaning.  The title Harper Lee even chose was ingenious.  If more people lived by the saying ""to kill a mockingbird would be a sin,"" we would live in more peaceful times.  The main plot of the story is good and evil, and how we let our grudges and prejudices blind us from the truth or what's right.  A must read - I recommend."
"I was first assigned to read this book 28 years ago as a freshman in high school.I have since read it at least 4 other times, and each time  enjoy it just as immensely as the prior.Harper Lee captures the deep south in the Depression as well as any author I have seen, and there is nary a note a falseness in the entire book.The only negative here is that this is the only book ever written and published by Harper Lee -- you'll keep wishing for another, but she just got it right the first time.To those us you lucky enough to have not yet read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", I can only say ""get thee to the library or a book store, or simply get it from Amazon"".The hours you'll spend reading this book will be among the most enjoyable you'll ever spend."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless classic by Harper Lee. The book narrates the story of a young girl named Jean Louise Finch, also called ¡°Scout¡±. Lee presented this book through the eyes of Jean Louise. The story takes place in Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930¡¯s or so. The plot is about Scout¡¯s father, Atticus Finch (a lawyer), trying to defend Black suspect Tom Robinson for accused of raping a White girl in the Maycomb County of Alabama. The plot incorporates several issues that people were struggling during the time of the story, including racism, injustice, and prejudice. The entire novel circulates around Scout and her family. Many situational conflicts arise, from trying to make Boo Radley come out of seclusion to dealing with family and community difficulties. Lee did a miraculous job of telling the story through the view of Scout. The characters were depicted hardly by their appearances, but by their personality traits, which showed advanced style in writing. The setting and the time periods had a great impact on the story, as people those days lived quite close to each other and knew their neighbors well. I was amazed how natural and realistic the characters were made. Scout and her older brother, Jeremy (also called Jem), reacted to situations exactly as many of the children now days would act. Almost every character in the story had a crucial role at some point of the story. The character development was beyond imagination. From Dill (Jem and Scout¡¯s best friend) coming to visit the Finch family in the summer, to Jem trying to make it past the Radley¡¯s gate, to Calpurnia (the house cook) scolding the children for not coming home, this piece of literature truly elaborated on pivotal character details. After reading this book, one would think he knows the characters quite well. Overall, this was a fantastic novel to read and I was truly impressed with the quality of writing and development presented in this story by Harper Lee. To Kill a Mockingbird will truly be an American Literature classic for as long as it will be remembered."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless classic by Harper Lee. The book narrates the story of a young girl named Jean Louise Finch, also called ¡°Scout¡±. Lee presented this book through the eyes of Jean Louise. The story takes place in Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930¡¯s or so. The plot is about Scout¡¯s father, Atticus Finch (a lawyer), trying to defend Black suspect Tom Robinson for accused of raping a White girl in the Maycomb County of Alabama. The plot incorporates several issues that people were struggling during the time of the story, including racism, injustice, and prejudice. The entire novel circulates around Scout and her family. Many situational conflicts arise, from trying to make Boo Radley come out of seclusion to dealing with family and community difficulties. Lee did a miraculous job of telling the story through the view of Scout. The characters were depicted hardly by their appearances, but by their personality traits, which showed advanced style in writing. The setting and the time periods had a great impact on the story, as people those days lived quite close to each other and knew their neighbors well. I was amazed how natural and realistic the characters were made. Scout and her older brother, Jeremy (also called Jem), reacted to situations exactly as many of the children now days would act. Almost every character in the story had a crucial role at some point of the story. The character development was beyond imagination. From Dill (Jem and Scout¡¯s best friend) coming to visit the Finch family in the summer, to Jem trying to make it past the Radley¡¯s gate, to Calpurnia (the house cook) scolding the children for not coming home, this piece of literature truly elaborated on pivotal character details. After reading this book, one would think he knows the characters quite well. Overall, this was a fantastic novel to read and I was truly impressed with the quality of writing and development presented in this story by Harper Lee. To Kill a Mockingbird will truly be an American Literature classic for as long as it will be remembered."
"Do yourself a favor: do not buy this book. The storyline drags along. The only redeeming part is the emotional ending, which does do a good job of wrapping up the so called ""Classic""."
"The reason I first bought this book is because I was told that I would have to read it in the grade I am about to enter. Figuring that I would just get a head start on the rest of my class b*cuz I have nothing better to do. This book is THE BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ! It deserves more than 5 stars, but thats all they has to offer. I recommended this book for anyone past the age of 13 because I'm not sure if anyone youger than that would be able to understand it as well as older people. If you have the chance to read this book, then I highly recommend it. Please take my advise in consideration when you have nothing better to do on a rainy Sunday. A classic always and forever."
I found this book to be quite original and a great portrait of strength and courage. I liked the style that the author used in writing this novel and applaud his choice of a narrarator. Truly a great read and a must for everyone.
"With all the reviews for this book, another surely isn't needed.  But if you've never seen the movie version, you definitely won't be disappointed."
"When I read this the first time round I wasn't too entertained. The fact that it was for school made it even more of a drag. However, in preparation for the exam I knew that I had to re-read it if I wanted even the slimmest chance of passing - and I totally got it that time. This is a brilliantly written novel looking at racism in the deep south America around the 1930s. All the apparently average events are told in a light that makes them entertaining. There are so many hidden meanings, opinions and explanations (ex. when Scout describes Boo Radley it's not at all accurate because it's through a childs eyes - but that isn't made apparent) that you will need to read it a few times before you understand it all.There are a few things that I don't like about the book though:-Atticus Finch is representive of everything that is good and virtuous - which makes him totally unbelieveable. Do you know anyone who let some old woman treat his children like dirt coz she's ill?As there was a black-white division, Harper Lee rarely if ever mixed with black people in her childhood and this is apparent by her generalised descriptions of the black people compared to her detailed descriptions of other white people.However, those dislikes aside, this is a thoroughly enjoyable book. Not completely my thing, hence only 4 stars, but very good."
The only book that Harper Lee ever wrote. Good enough for me!
What an excellent book!  This story of a small southern town torn by a young girl's accusation of assault is one of the best books I have ever read and deserves every award and accolade it has received.  I just wish Ms. Lee would write more books.
"Every year I re-read this book. It's one of those captivating novels that you just can't put down. Ms. Lee's narrative voice is charming and graceful. As a writer, after reading this book you can't help saying to yourself, ""I wish I could write like that!"""
"As a student in high school I browsed this book with little enthusiasm and look back on that callous transgression as a bitter mistake.  Now as a literature instructor I have read many novels, both new and old; I have not yet uncovered a text so rich in revelations of the common thread of humanity.  I now teach this book as the core of a Civil Rights unit, dealing primarily with the 60's era in the united States.  Excellent comparisons can be made between Ghandi's speech on ""Peacful Protest"" and Martin Luther King's passionate, ""I Have a Dream"" speech.  If you let this one get by you, please go back and read it!"
"Its a grate book and it is worthy of bein a classic. But it only got good towrds the end. The begining was so boring I could hardley stay awake, the middle was charming but did not make my thirst for something more go away. The end was when I was finally satisfied but that was only four or five chapters out of a book that has 31 chapters. I say take it or leave it or better yet only read this book if you have to but if you have a choice in the matter leave it."
"This is the best book I have ever read. That's hard to say because I've read a lot of books. I never imagined I would enjoy a book we were assigned to read in school. I literally almost cried during some of the book. Right now we are supposed to be on chapter 17. I finished it - twice. This is a beautifully written book. The way the author can put all of this together in one little girl's mind is remarkable. Like the book says ""It's a sin to kill a mockingbird."""
"I am sure many people read this book, in High School I did since January we finished months later, the book on tape is good the reader, did a good job reading it. I liked this book I suggest you read this you'll like it."
"this is the best book i have ever read for school, and one of the best i've ever read for enjoyment"
"Harper Lee didn't have to write another book after ""To Kill a Mockingbird""; she'd already achieved perfection. This is my absolute favorite book of all time; have read it over and over again, read it aloud to my spouse, and own two beautifully bound, autographed copies of the book, plus the movie. Scout, Jem, Dill, Boo Radley, Tom, and above all, Atticus Finch, are beloved characters more real than reality. What's the book about? Love, respect, humanity. Racism, false pride, ignorance. The ultimate triumph of the human spirit. A little girl who befriends a tragically lonely neighbor. An ignorant girl who betrays her kind-hearted neighbor. This book is so many things and so beautifully composed I think it would've been a shame had Harper Lee actually written another."
"A compelling novel about the challanges we face everyday. Told through the eyes of a young girl, the novel explores many aspects of life from racism and prejudice to family morals. The protagonist, Scout, is taking in life like a sponge, bit by bit. Life is simple enough until her father agrees to represent an African-American man in a rape trial. He fights against the accuser Mayella Ewell, a white girl who is the daughter of the town's well-known, immoral family. Believe me-you CAN'T PUT THE BOOK DOWN! A great novel I would really recommend to anyone!"
"The place is Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930's. The book is told through the eyes of Scout Finch, an eight- year old girl. At first you get to read about things as they are ""today"", and then the book actually begins by leading us in to the three-year journey  through the life of Scout, her brother Jem and her father Atticus that led to how things are ""today"".  Atticus Finch is a trial lawyer representing Tom Robinson, a young black man accused of raping a white woman. This is the very central thing about this book: Atticus is white and he represents a black man, which is a very controversial thing to do in Maycomb at that time. Robinson is found guilty and he is sentenced to life, al though it is clear to everyone he is innocent. It is this case that presents the ugly, racist side of Maycomb. The things concerning the case happen mostly in the second part of the book. In the first part Lee concentrates on telling about Scout's  and Jem's  relations with the towns other people. Hear you find many unpleasant people and Atticus is forced to explain a lot of things to Scout and Jem about why people act the way they do sometimes. But all in all I would say that Scout and Jem were very happy, because they had a loving and wise father and although their mother had died when they were very little they had a black cook, Calpurnia, who was kind of a mother figure for them, a part of the family.  This book is very good in many ways. I love Atticus as a character because he holds such wisdom and because he really is a man who stands by his principals through the whole book. I noted these words by Atticus because I think they say it all: 'You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view - until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.'  I think it was very clever of Lee to tell things through the eyes of a child: You read about a child's thoughts and feelings but at the same time there is a very mature side to the text.Another good thing about the book is that although the first half of the book was sometimes quite ""slow"" the end was so good that I must say this book is worth reading again. It is truly an unforgettable novel about fatherhood, honesty and justice."
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is about growing up in a lazy town in South. The story focuses upon two young children and last throughout a few year period. The main character is a stubborn little tom girl named Scout who is very adventurous and completely innocent at heart. Her father is a lawyer who is a great person morally and will always stand up for what's right. One day, a case comes into town about a black raping a white girl, and the father, Atticus, is assigned to the trial. The whole town is shaken up by this case since the old talk of the town was a confined neighbor by the name of Boo. The racism issue comes into play during the trial. The part that shows how wrong the racism is, is that a little girl, free of any past experiences or any hatred, is amongh the few that realize the extreme wrongness that is taking place. This book can be taken on at the least two levels. The higher level is much more extreme in the overall moral being displayed. This is one of my favorite books because of the amazing way that such a deep feeling and concept of ""wrongness"" is brought to a reader through words. Without a doubt, this is recomended to anyone who can read."
"In my Junior English class this year I was forced to read this Pulitzer Prize - winning novel.  First, what was the PP committee thinking?  Yes it was 1961, yes it was the Civil Rights Movement, yes a lot of people used WAY too much pot, but none of those arguments can explain why this obvious, saccharine mockery of a novel won anything, including publication rights.  I kept thinking that ""it has to get better"", but it DOESN'T!  The characters are flat and cariacatured - everyone does exactly what a Disney-style movie would like them to do.  Because of this, there is no real definition to the characters and you can't care about them - believe me, I tried - under threat of death by English teacher.  Also the symbolism is blatant beyond belief.  She actually tells you directly what the symbols are and what they mean - defeating the whole purpose.  As bad as the first 28 or so chapters are, they are no comparison with the last 3.  I have seen and read many bad endings, but this made me throw the book across the room in anger.  If you've ever watched any of the ... movies or most any other kids movie (see the unending series of sports animal ones), you will have a rough idea of the sappiness and predictability of this conclusion.  For a high school kid, I consider myself pretty well read, and this novel hits a new low in any genre.  Kids, if your teacher pushes this on you, just remember what they taught you in DARE - ""Just Say No""!  If you (any age) are considering this book, consider yourself warned - I couldn't be paid to read even one chapter again.  But if you REALLY like those dopey kids' movies your 3-year-old watches, this is the book for you.  Immerse yourself in the sugar of it all."
"I am currently reading To Kill a Mockingbird in my 8th grade English class. I must say, I have been pleasantly surprised. For a ""school book"" it is pretty darn good. Every adult I have talked to always says ""oh, you just HAVE to read TKAM"" yadayadayada. I think that this book is a true diamond in the rough. When you sift through all the controversial junk of today's world, this novel is refreshingly honest and well written. I would reccomend to anyone old enough to understand it."
"I first read to kill a mockingbird in high school and have re read it a few times over the years. It is an amazingly well crafted novel that sets the context for the story and then lets you be absorbed the characters very human reactions.If you enjoyed the movie, do yourself a favour and read the book!!"
"With 700 plus reviews, I will keep this one short. I must confess I have read this book either in high school or junior high, but I barely remember it. After reading it again the second time, I have to say, that it is one of those books that every time you read it, it leaves with a greater impact on your soul. I plan to read this book again in 10 or 20 years just to see what new insights I can glean from this book.The story is told from a young girl's eyes, as she witnesses some doings in Maycomb. Scout and her brother Jem are the town's lawyer's children. While growing up, they begin to discover why their father is really a gentleman, especially when he defends a black man accused of rape. That trial is not only felt throughout the town, but it affected Jem and Scout too in coloring their viewpoints of the world around them.This is not your typical coming-of-age book. This is a book meant to provoke people to think and ponder on some of the issues she deals with in this book. It is a book I think every one should read ~~ regardless of their values and beliefs. I know that it is one book I plan to have my children to read as well as the nieces and nephews in my family. It is a book designed to get people to think and act ~~ not to live life passively.It's a book for the classics. One for the ages ahead to read as well as those in the present too."
"I can really see why this book is a literary classic. People ask me what it's about, I really don't know how to explain. I live in the south in a small town and this book is still reminicent of the way the ""old timers"" act.  Harper Lee was an amazing writer.  'nuff said"
"I read that Harper Lee never wrote another book because everything she had to say she said in ""To Kill A Mockingbird."" And did she! In a heartwarming story, set during the Depression in Alabama, she teaches us all about race, class, justice, and leaving childhood behind.I read this book every other year or so and it just gets better with each reading. I particularly enjoyed my last reading having just finished Melany Neilson's ""Persia Cafe."" It is a similar story except that its hero is a young woman named Franny. Both Atticus and Franny are exceptional people who follow their conscience and are rewarded. Also, Leif Enger's ""Peace Like A River"" has a character that reminded me of Scout. Her name is Swede and she is utterly charming.It is wonderful to be reminded of my favorite characters in ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" through reading some of the great contemporary fiction that is out there today. If you liked ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" (and how could you not?!) I would highly recommend either of the two novels previously mentioned in this review."
"I remember reading this book back in high school.  I wasn't really into reading books, but somehow this one really got my attention from very beginning to the end.  I don't really need to write about this masterpiece since this masterpiece is backed with many acclaimed reviews.  What this book really wants to point out is the presence of racism.  Not only Harper Lee describes this small town with his own imagination beautifully, but also writes what he wants to say to the world of racism.  There's this one speech by Atticus toward the end, and let me tell you, it will touch your heart with inspiration, the sense of justice, and determination."
"I have never really liked classic books, I have to admit. But in seventh grade, my English teacher recommended his all-time favorite book to us to read for a book report ~ To Kill A Mockingbird. I still didn't want to read it, until my friend read it and convinced me to try it too.Well, what a lucky thing I did! This is a great book, using symbolisum and racism to bring a heart-warming story to life. I enjoyed seeing the story unfold from the eyes of young Scout, and would recommend this book to anyone.Best of all, if you found this classic not-so-boring-after-all, then you'll be glad to find others aren't so boring either. My 8th grade English teacher has just informed me I should start reading ""the classics"". I didn't want to ~ until I remembered what a nice surprise I'd found in To Kill A Mockingbird. So go ahead! Give this well-written, enjoyable classic the benenfit of the doubt."
"i am only 12 years old, and i can still see how amazing and honest this book is about our culture and the way things used to be. its so realistic, and the way that the writer captures such magnifigance through a childs' eyes is truly inspiring. to top it all off, i'm only half way through the book! prejudice was a terrible thing, as was slavery. this book shows how terrible, yet wonderful our history was and how good we can try to make and improve it. i recommend this book to anyone who has a nack for reading, or perhaps doesn't, because this will light up the bulb to your world."
"The 1930's were a turbulent time for the South. Racism was commonplace. This was the way of life in Maycomb County, home of Atticus, Jem and Scout Finch.  Scout was Jem's younger sister. Thier father, Atticus, was a laywer. The Finch's neighbor is of great interst to the kids. It is the home of the elusive Boo Radley.  Dill, a friend of the Finch's visits every summer. He encouages them to try to draw Boo out. They come up with many plans to the this accomplished, but none work.  Atticus is appointed to represent a black man, Tom Robinson, in a rape case. Tom is unjustly convicted and shot while trying to escape prison. Later, after a Thanksgiving pageant, Scout and Jem are attacked. The attacker was killed by an unknown person helping the kids. Who were these two people you ask? Read the book and find out."
"The 1930's were a turbulent time for the South. Racism was commonplace. This was the way of life in Maycomb County, home of Atticus, Jem and Scout Finch.  Scout was Jem's younger sister. Thier father, Atticus, was a laywer. The Finch's neighbor is of great interst to the kids. It is the home of the elusive Boo Radley.  Dill, a friend of teh Finch's visits every summer. He encouages them to try to draw Boo out. They come up with many plans to the this accomplished, but none work.  Atticus is appointed to represent a black man, Tom Robinson, in a rape case. (...)"
"To Kill A Mockingbird is the story of a family in 1930's Maycomb, Alabama.  The father, Atticus Finch, is a lawyer who does the best he can for his two children, Jeremy (Jem) and Jean Louise (Scout).  The story is told in retrospect by Scout and spans about three years of her young life.This book has several themes and each person who reads it will come away finding their own personal meaning in the story.For me it is the poignancy with which the author shows us how Scout watches Atticus, her nanny Calpurnia, and the other people around her to learn what is -Grace, compassion, courage, decency, tolerance, forgiveness, dignity, honor, and ultimately love.I think Harper Lee was right when she said she always considered her book to be a simple love story."
I had read this book in high school and had forgotten how great a book this was. This book has so much in the story that makes you think and alot of it makes you relate to real life.The character's in story reach out to you in way that makes you feel like you are in there world. Scout was one of my favorite charactors the way she was through the book. My other favorite charactor is Jem. I love how both of the kids were afraid of so much but from there fear they learned so much. I also love how they stood by people in the story.Overall I forgot just how good this classic novel this was and I wish Harper Lee had written more books.
This book is an absolute masterpiece!....If you haven't read it....READ IT NOW!
"This by far is my most favorite book!! My older bother, by 5 years, my senior, gave me this book after he read it for school. I absolutly loved this book, at first I thought my vocabulary wouldn't match and I wouldn't be able to understand the concept. I was surprised that the narator was a child. TO make this a short story, I loved and that I think everyone should read this book!!"
"This book is a charming love story that involves kids growing up and tells what they feel about the adult world's hypocrisy, discrimination, anger, and frustration. Kids' father tried very hard to accomodate them with what's going on in the world that they are not ready to accept, but the kids' purity made him feel helpless in explaining the evil of this world.  U must understand the book is told by a young girl who has a incredible amount of vocabulary and remembers everything a person says (like Dr. Watson). So try to get use to it, if u are not charmed by the story which i am sure that won't happen, u will still like the surprising and abstruse ending."
"This novel is one of the greatest modern American novels.  It deals with one of the most pressing modern issues which is race.  The story is told by an adult Jean Louise (Scout) Finch, who is looking back on the period on her childhood from age 6-9.  Harper Lee first introduces us to all the eccentric souls that inhabit Maycomb County in order to give us an idea of how this town operates.  At the beginning of the novel everyone seems like pretty decent people, but we see who are the truly noble people in town when Tom Robinson, a black man is accused of raping a poor white woman.  Scout's father defends Tom in a trial scene that has probably inspired numerous people to become lawyers. Scout is an excellent and winning narrator as the tomboy who refuses to grow up and who is considerable smarter than her peers and clear eyed than the adults around her (with the exceptions of her father and Miss Maudie).  Lee wraps you up in southern small town warmth and childhood misadventures that ring universal until dropping her bombshell of a trial.  How that trial affects Scout and her older brother Jem and their perceptions of the world and of their town is a focal point of the novel.  By the end of the novel, you know that regardless of their ages that their childhoods have virtually ended and they have experienced evil and have seen the evils that people can visit on one another."
"To Kill a Moking Bird is a work of art utterly exceptional; a timeless classic, and one of the most beautiful books ever written."
"This is Harper Lee's only novel.  Since she was at one time friends with Truman Capote, many have thought that he had a hand in the authoring of this great book, but that's not so.  Although Harper Lee has written other short stories, this prize winner came from her heart.  A semi-autobiographical story set in the South and modeled after her hometown of Monroeville, Alabama. The movie was also wonderful, but this book will be one you'll never forget."
"This is an amazing piece of literature. Lee takes a small 1930's Alabama town and introduces it to a problem that is very real in todays world. Through the eyes of a young girl, we see how this town deals with racism and the conflicts it brings about. The book tells of how a family's lives are affected by doing what they know is right. Atticus, the towns defense attorney, is chosen to defend Tom, a black man who is falsely accused of raping a white girl. Some of the white folks in town don't agree with Atticus' decision. To Kill a Mockingbird teaches us about values and conscience. How it effects our everyday life and other people. We see how racism effects peoples decisions, in this case, convicting an innocent man. This is a funny, yet thought-provoking story. I really enjoyed reading this."
"This is an amazing piece of literature. Lee takes a small 1930's Alabama town and introduces it to a problem that is very real in todays world. Through the eyes of a young girl, we see how this town deals with racism and the conflicts it brings about. The book tells of how a family's lives are affected by doing what they know is right. Atticus, the towns defense attorney, is chosen to defend Tom, a black man who is falsely accused of raping a white girl. Some of the white folks in town don't agree with Atticus' decision. To Kill a Mockingbird teaches us about values and conscience. How it effects our everyday life and other people. We see how racism effects peoples decisions, in this case, convicting an innocent man. This is a funny, yet thought-provoking story. I really enjoyed reading this."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is much more than an average book. It provokes deep thoughts usually packed away in the deep recesses of your brain. It explores a small Southern town through the eyes of a young girl, something more authors should consider when writin. Because she is so innocent, you get to see how much of a difference the world is when you are a child. You don't know about addicition or racism or corruption, subjects Harper Lee tackles with ease. However, when said subjects are thrust upon you, sometimes it takes a loving father to beak it down to your level. This role is played by Atticus Finch. He is about as wonderful of a character as you can get, with his stern but caring attitude. This book should be commended for its details, never overlooking anything, and its character development. To Kill A Mockingbird is a must-have for anyone."
"like ralph ellison and j.d. salinger, harper lee is known for one book, but what a book! ...the best southern slice of life story you'll ever read...how many other girls have as much wisdom and vision as Scout or are as precocious? ...all of the characters are memorable...when i have kids, i would like to name a daughter after a writer or a book character...scout would be a good choice...of course, atticus' courtroom speech rivals the lawyer's speech in richard wright's  ""native son""  for sheer power and beauty...i have yet to see the film version of ""mockingbird. "" i hear it's good also... i remember taking this one to work, reading it during breaks and whenever i could steal a moment :-)"
"The book To Kill A Mockingbird captures serious issues that are  occurring in society through the eyes of a naive elementary school girl.  The symbols and underlying themes are  told through the innocence of the young child, Scout.  This brings an interesting point of view  to the story because she does not understand the stereotypes that exist in her  small town.  She also doesn't  realize that complications that her dad, a lawyer faces.  Social standings and relationships  between family, friends, and neighbors are explored in this story. The book starts at the end of the story, and there is a flashback through  all of Scout's adventures.  This  book is an exciting collection of events in Scout 's life that together reflect  on society as a whole.  This social  commentary by Harper Lee, shows how a young girl who hasn 't been subjected to  the prejudicial views of society is able to judge character better than  wise  adults that have been through many experiences.  To Kill A Mockingbird is fun summer reading, that leaves the reader with something to think  about."
simply one of the greatest books in English Language Liturature
"I reckon this be anoth'r classic that doesn't deserve that status.  For the first 28 (out of 30 chapters) nothing happens.  Finally, in the last two chapters, you get the world's most predictable ending that you spot from a mile away!  It's a crime this book is called a classic.  Symbolism my (....)  Harper Lee HOPES you find symbolism in this shallow book.  I strongly urge you not to even read this book for free at the library; your still getting ripped off."
"This book was a good book. I really liked it a lot. Once I started to read I couldn't stop. The novel helped me to better understand the hard life that negroes had. The book starts out with a young girl named Scout who is about 8 when this book started. She lived in Maycomb County, Alabama with her brother Jem and father Atticus. Her father was a lawyer for a negroe who was convicted of rape on a white woman. Atticus gets called a lot of names that his children don't like, but they learn to understand that they need to just ignore it.  I really liked this book because it teaches about life. If you are in a hard situation, you can learn from it. It teaches that not all people are treated the same. I really enjoyed the  book and i reccomend this book to anyone who hasnt read it."
"This book taught many life learning themes, which had some kind of moral to them. Scout, a main character and the narrator imposed innoncence in this story. Even today, this book is said to be one of the greatest in American literature. Overall, I enjoyed the book and its plot, in  many ways, it showed a different perspective of life. As the book progressed, Jem and Scout matured and stopped playing most of the games they used to play on Boo Radley's house. Instead, of Tom Robinson losing his life, I wished he could have lived, but this would have changed the whole story. Near the end, the climax of the book was at its highest, when Jem and Scout were walking home from a school paegent. Fortunately, the main protagonist characters are not killed in the end of the story. Throughout the book, it carries the theme that all causes are worth a positive fight. Ultimately, this book should be read by people of all ages."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" inspired me to look for the good in every man.  It taught me that all men have a basic goodness about them. Even when evil men harm you, I learned not to judge quickly but to try to help them.  This book was well written in several ways. The characters were well developed. I even felt as if i knew many of them by the time i finished the book. The settings of the book were described really well. I felt as if i had been to or even lived in many places in this book. The themes were popular and easy to relate to. Slavery, racism, and predjudice are still big issues today. Atticus taught his children that regardless of race, unusual manerisms, or social class, all people deserve fair treatment or the treatment they desire. To me, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a must read book for all teachers, students, and literary fans."
"When first given 'To kill a Mockingbird' to read as a school assignment, I admit, I did dismiss it as another boring school book, but when I actually came to read it I realized that it I was very wrong. 'To kill a Mockingbird' is written through the eyes of Scout, an eight year-old recounting the past two years in a childlike innocent way. However, under the surface of her young vocabulary and speech patterns, there is a very mature voice telling us all some very important lessons for life. The childrens' father, Atticus, their housekeeper, Calpurnia and even Boo Radley show us the importance of respect and tolerance of other people, especially the importance of treating other races the same as our own. Every aspect of Maycomb society, even the bad racist side shows us how and how not to behave toward other people, without at any time appearing 'holier than thou' or pious. The wisdom of Atticus in using metaphors to explain the most important lessons in life to his children is evident: 'It is a sin to kill a mockingbird because all it does is sing its heart out for us'. He says this to his son, Jem as a warning to not shoot this type of bird, but also the deeper meaning of not destroying innocence or hating a black simply for the color of his skin. I recommend that anybody who has not already read this book read it as it is a beautiful book with very positive messages. I think the best part of Atticus's wisdom is when he says 'You can never fully understand a person until you get inside his skin.' Think about it."
"Harper Lee only wrote one novel, To Kill A Mockingbird. I think she only wrote one book because it was perfect.This is a story set the South of the Depression era. It's a story about injustice and prejudice and one man's attempt to stand up and do what is right. It is also about growing up and losing childhood innocence, about terror and about mis-judging all kinds of people.The theme of intolerance and fear plays itself out on many stages in this book, from the frightening character Boo Radley who is a strange recluse and a fairy-tale monster to the town's children, the black man Tom Robinson unjustly accused of raping a white woman, to the white-trash Ewells and Mayella Ewell herself, the supposed victim.All the horrors you usually hear about on daytime television are in this book, however their portrayal and the revelations are not shock TV but lessons about human weakness and human nobility.It's a great novel, written in such style that you can smell the dust, feel the humid heat and experience life in a small Southern town in the '30's. Just as an interesting bit of trivia, the character Dill, childhood friend of Scout and Jem, was in real life Truman Capote, a childhood friend of Harper Lee."
"Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a timeless classic, the brightest, most realistic story of children growing up that could ever be told.  A rarety amongst literature, To Kill A Mockingbird develops charcters that we care for, and anger that we feel towards the way we, the American people, once were.  The book does drag a bit at some parts, mainly the beginning, but the overall concept and emotion that stays with the reader upon the conclusion of the novel, far overshadows any down point in the book.  We watch as both children and adults, grow through the pages, their knowledge, but most of all, their feelings towards Tom Robinson and his family; it transcends and develops into a love far untouched in any other novel of its kind.  To Kill A Mockingbird is a heartfelt book, which will be remembered for many years to come."
"In a recent writing assignment, my son noted:My mom chose Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird as our family book club's March book. I flipped through, saw the number of pages, and thought, ""Boring!"" Later that night, I read the first page and discovered that the main character's brother was about my age and wanted to play football and own an air rifle. Then, a few days later, I continued reading and even though I found the writing a little ""fancy,"" I was finally able to find the beauty of Lee's book - it's a pretty ""grown-up"" story, but it's seen through the eyes of kids like me. That makes hard subjects easier to understand, which makes the book so much more interesting.The novel is told from a young girl's perspective. Because the theme of racism, the subject of rape, and the idea of injustice are a little ""over the top"" - even for bright readers -Lee chose a young narrator to tell the story of a black man falsely accused of raping a young white woman and one man's fight to free him. If the story had been told by an adult, readers would have to suffer through the unnecessary chit-chat, opinions, and worries of that perspective. Seeing Maycomb County through Scout's innocent eyes, however, prevents this ""masterpiece of American literature"" from being an ""I-had-to-read-it"" sort of book.Scout, her brother Jem, and their father form one of many families of Maycomb County, Alabama. In that southern state during the Great Depression, ""[t]here was no hurry for there was nowhere to go, nothing to buy, and no money to buy it with, nothing to see outside the boundaries of Maycomb County."" As the novel begins, Scout is six and about to start school, where she will be criticized for coming to class already knowing how to read and write. Her young teacher scolds Scout: ""Now you tell your father not to teach you anymore. It's best to begin reading with a fresh mind. You tell him I'll take over from here and try to undo the damage."" (p. 17) Jem, a fifth-grader, allows his sister to join him in many of his adventures, including his plans with Dill to make Boo Radley come out. But he thinks Scout ""is getting more like a girl every day."" (p. 52) The children's father, Atticus Finch, is a state legislator and one of the county's leading lawyers. He is selected to defend Tom Robinson, a Negro accused of rape.Racism still exists today, but the problems don't compare to those described in To Kill a Mocking Bird. The main problem seems to be that Negroes are considered the least human of four kinds of people. As Jem tells Scout, ""There's four kinds of folks in the world. There's the ordinary kind like us and the neighbors, there's the kind like the Cunninghams out in the woods, the kind like the Ewells down at the dump, and the Negroes."" (p. 226) To make the point about Negroes being somehow less important than other folks, the author tells Tom's story. He is a Negro whose left arm is stripped of muscle from a childhood accident. He stops to help nineteen-year-old Mayella Ewell with several chores because, as Tom admits at his trial, ""I felt right sorry for her, she seemed to try more'n the rest of `em"" - referring to her family, who gathers their supplies from the nearby dump and whose father is a drunkard who beats them. When Bob Ewell catches his daughter hugging the black man, he accuses Tom of raping Mayella to save their family from disgrace. ""And so a quiet, respectable, humble Negro who had the unmitigated temerity to `feel sorry' for a white woman has had to put his word against two white people's."" (p. 204) Atticus Finch does his best to make Tom a free man. His efforts, though, only buy more time from the jury, which still returns a guilty verdict. Unlike her brother, Scout believes that ""there's just one kind of folks. Folks."" But Tom still ends up dead - shot as he tries to escape from punishment for a crime he did not (could not) commit.  To Kill a Mockingbird could be a pretty ""heavy"" book for young readers if it only concentrated on racism, rape, and Atticus Finch's unsuccessful attempt to free an innocent man. So Lee combines the story of Tom Robinson with the mythology surrounding the inscrutable Mr. Arthur Radley, whom Jem, Scout, and their summertime friend Dill call Boo Radley. One story about Boo is that he stabbed his father with scissors while cutting newspapers for his scrapbook. Another story has Boo scratching neighbors' door screens. Yet another says that he eats squirrels. Kids love creepy stories, and the antics of the three friends as they try to make Boo come out of his house give the novel light and humor.Although I had a rough time ""getting into"" To Kill a Mockingbird, when I finally did I was surprised by how good it was. By the way, the book has such a cool title. I didn't understand it at all when I began the book. Then, in chapter 10, I realized where the title came from. ""Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" (p. 90) But not until Scout says to her father, ""Well, it'd be sort of like shootin' a mockingbird, wouldn't it?"" (p. 270), did I realize who the book's mockingbirds were. I will read this book with my children someday and hope they will with theirs."
"An 8-year-old tomboyish girl named Scout, living in Maycomb county, is exposed to issues in life such as class, justice, and race, learning valuable life lessons from each event as seen from her perspective.  Along with the life lessons come the nature of a child.  The sense of wonder and and her ornery behavior is also shown in the boook.  What sets this book apart from others that I've read is the author's decision to write in the perspective of a child.  Most books that I've read are told from an older person's perspective.  The effect created by doing this is more adventure and details, since a kid is adventurous and has a creative mind.  The author did a good job of not losing the the main idea of the book with the different events going on and even though the perspective was told thorough the child's eyes.  I can identify my own life at a young age with the life of Scout.  Since she was a young child, not everything was always told to her.  It was covered with a blanket in hopes that she wouldn't discover what was going on.  She always wanted to be in on the action knowing all that she could.  Me as a child was the same way, and still am today.  A curious, independent, wondering child would best describe Scout and me.  Always wanting to be in the center, ""I pushed my way through dark smelly bodies and burst into the circle of ligh.  H-ey, Atticus!"". (154)  This is a quote of when Scout, Jem, and Dill snuck out of the house at ten o'clock at night to see where there father/uncle was going.  When they found him surrounded by a big crowd of people outside the jail protecting the person he was defending in court, the kids went right through them standing next to Atticus.  This shows the sense of wonder, ornery nature, and the courage the kids had in the book.  This book is a book that I believe everyone should read in their lifetime.  Since it deals with the main issue of racisim and prejudice.  Everyone will come across this once in their lifetime and is something that everyone can relate to.  The life lessons that Scout learned can also be taught by the book to the reader.  I feel that this book is for everyone that is capable of reading and able to comprehend the issues revealed."
"I can still remember the first time I read this book. I was in my early teens at the time it wasn't required reading or anything - I read it because I had heard it was good - and it was. I was surprised then how good it was and it surprises me each time I re-read it. I think because it is deceptively simple that I forget just how complex the themes are in it between re-readings.It is told from the point of view of Scout, who is about 8 years old when the story begins and because it is from her point of view much of the 'lesson-learning"" themes in it are beautifully distilled. It is left to us, as much as to her, to interpret the actions and the consequences. What starts as a simple summer holiday for her and her brother Jem slowly builds into a complex story of forgiveness, patience and understanding. There is Boo Radley - a mentally deficient neighbour who is seems to only be a figment of legend rather than reality, the angry elderly neighbour who they are forced to visit, their father, Atticus, a lawyer, and the case he has to defend, a black man accused of molesting a white woman.I just loved the way each new story was introduced - in the episodic way things do in childhood, but gradually each story seemed to interweave.Its so beautifully and simply written and the storyline so satisfying that I recommend it - and re-read it every year or so."
I own this book and believe me this is one outstanding book. I remember reading it in grade school. I still read it. This book taught me a lot of things about how people lived in Harper Lee's time. It demonstrated how she lived. This book opened my eyes and my heart to the world around me. I very much enjoyed reading it. While I was reading the book I felt like I was there seeing what was going on.  I suggest you read it and see for yourself what a fanastic book this is.
"we read this book in my 7th grade literature class. we spent 9 weeks on it and To kill a Mockingbird is the best book i have ever read. it has everything-suspense,heartfelt stories, and it being told by Scout makes things even more interesting as we find out what happens and what it means when she finds out too.  it should be required in every school"
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a wonderful book that centers on a stage in a young girl's life, while, and at the same time analyzing the extent of racial bias in a small town. I think one of the rights of passage in life should be reading To Kill a Mockingbird.  The themes, characters, and situations remain an indentation in my life, and they are respectively profound, believable, likeable, noble, enigmatic, detestable (in this last case, the Ewell family, of course) and, unfortunately, current. This novel is one of those unique readings that appeals to both young and old alike. That is simply because it defies the decomposing to which many contemporary writings give way and I think that is why I enjoyed it.  After having read this classic at least Three times, I find something new each time. Some interesting plot device, characterization technique, theme, motive or symbol - that I had overlooked before. This, surely, is one of the signs of not merely a good novel, but great literature.  I suppose this is one of those books that will endure for many years to come. It truly is a great part of American literature and will be a not only timeless but an ever-enduring classic. This is one of those books that you fall into ""the trap"" of thinking just because it is popular it is good. This book is a good book and its good to fall into the trap. Something about the story:  This timeless classic is about Scout Finch and what she sees through her eyes during the story. Her brother Jem, her father Atticus, and she live together in Maycomb, a small county in Alabama out in the country. Their mother had died when Scout was only two years old. Across the street, Miss Atkinson lived who cared deeply about her flowers that she grew. Mrs. Dubhouse, an old lady who picked on everyone that passed her house, lived down the road.  Two houses down from the Finches, the Radleys lived. Their house was old and their door was always closed to the world. Mr.Radley lived with his mysterious son. Mr. Radley would be seen now and then walking down the road to the town. He didn't speak much. His son, Arthur was rarely seen unless during the night. Rumor had it that 0h! he would watch people through their windows while they slept, and scratch on their screen doors. The children of Maycomb called him Boo.  Dill, the nephew of Miss Atkinson came to Maycomb every summer to see his aunt. Dill became good friends with Scout and Jem. When Dill learned about Boo Radley he came up with the idea of making him come out. Together, Dill, Scout, and Jem have a lot of adventures trying to contact Boo.  During the same time when they were having their exciting times together, Atticus was defending a black in court. At the time, Blacks were free, but they weren't considered equal to whites. Not everyone in Maycomb believed that Atticus should be doing this, but he held his head high and tried his best in the trial.  With the feelings from the people that didn't think what Atticus was doing was right, and the longing for contact with Boo from the kids, it turns into a near death experience for Jem and Scout."
"This book is truly an amazing work of art.  Although I titled this ""high school reading"", I think that it's a book that can be read and understood by all ages.  It is beautifully written and narrated by the adult Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, as she talks about when she was 8, and how her family(herself, her brother Jem, and her father Atticus) dealt with Atticus defending black Tom Robinson for a crime he didn't committ against a white woman in a racist town.  Atticus is probably one of my favorite all time characters.  He is so sweet and compassionate, and just like that other review said, a perfect rolemodel.  Even though the ending of this book is pretty depressing, I still love it to death.  I'll try to not give too much of the ending away for those of you who haven't read it.  It just seems upsetting to me that Atticus proved so many times that Tom Robinson didn't do it, and the defense had nothing and they still won, just because Tom Robinson was black.  Maybe that's why the book is so good, though.  It doesn't give a Disney ending.  The ending is harsh and serious, but it's realisic.  I have read a few of these reviews, and I was really sad that no one explained the meaning of the title.  I wrote a report on it, so I should know this.  Tom Robinson, the man falsely accused of a crime he didn't commit, and represented by Atticus, is a mockingbird.  When Jem and Scout get guns for Christmas, Atticus tells them the only thing they can't shoot are mockingbirds because they don't do anything but make sweet music for us to hear. This is why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.  Much in the same way, it was a sin to kill Tom Robinson(he dies) because all he ever did was help the girl who accused him of raping her(the crime he was convicted for). I suppose I just ruined the ending, so I'll stop now.  But the bottom line is:  This is a really great book, and you should read it if you haven't already.  Or, if you already have, read it again.  It's a great lawyer book."
"century. I first read this book when I was in the 7th grade and have returned to it numerous times during the intervening 39 years. It is a story of courage, heroism, and the loss of innocence of individuals, a culture, and a country. Set against the richly satisfying backdrop of the deep south in the early part of the twentieth century, is a story of man's inhumanity to man, and one man's struggle to do what is right against all odds. No syrupy sweetness here. No sense of the brave white man rescuing the poor, defenseless negro. This is a story of the dignity inherent in all men as they seek justice in one small corner of the world. This is must reading for all, preferably before highschool graduation. A slim volume, and deceptively easy to read, it reverberates to the core of one's being for years to come."
To Kill a Mockingbird is a good  book for all ages.  It is full of good lessons and morals. I teaches you to follow your conscience and be a person of compassion.  The setting is a sleepy town in 1930's alabama.  It is mostly about two children growing up in this town and learning about the evil in the human heart and losing their inocence. They also learn to be children of compassion and conscience. They learn this mostly through the character of Boo Radley their next door neighbor.  The town treats him as a disgrace and blames him for most of the problems. The children finally learn of his situation and realize they should have compassion for him. It also centers on racism in a way through the case of Tom Robinson it show how hunams can be cruel and unfair to one another.  Overall this was a good book and i recomend it to all ages of readers. ....
"To Kill a Mockingbird was an very marvelous and entertaining book.  The book is told through the eyes of a 5 year old name Scout Finch who lost her mother and lives with her brother Jem, and father Atticus. This is a wonderful novel with a great plot and many little events that go on around the man plot.  Harper Lee uses very good time and setting for this book. The time is 1930's and Scout is 5 and Jem is 12.  There father, who they call by his first name, is a lawyer who takes care of Scout and Jem all by himself till his sister moves in to help.  Atticus is a very moral man and a good father to his children.  back in the 30's racism was every where and especially in the town of Maycomb.  Maycomb is where they live and where the play.  Atticus is put in charge of a very difficult  case that involves a black man who is accused of rape.  Atticus has to defend this black man against Bob Ewell, who is a very mean cruel individual.  Most of the town is for the white man just for the fact that he is white.  The town is against Atticus because he is representing a black man.  This novel is great display of how the world is today and shows the qualities of good and bad individuals.  THis is a wonderful book that I recommend to everyone.  I give it 5 stars."
"My first memory of the book To Kill a Mockingbird came in the eighth grade.  We had to bring a book to school to show to our teacher.  Well, I forgot my book.  I knew we were reading To Kill a Mockingbird in ninth grade and it looked really boring but she didn't know that i knew.  My teacher said it was an honest mistake.  I was relieved because I had gotten away with it and I sure didn't want to read it.  Then came the day we had to start reading it and I found out that it wasn't as bad as I thought, but it was actually good.  The main character in this book is Jean Louise Finch, otherwise known as Scout.  She is young, stubborn, and a tom boy.  Her older brother, Jem, grows up and matures in this book.  They have a friend named Dill who spends the summer with them and loves to exagerate.  Atticus, Jem and Scout's father, is a hard working and honest man.  His sister, Aunt Alexandra, comes to live with them to help raise the children and she is very tough to live with.  There are two themes in this book.  The first one is the Need for Compassion and Understanding.  Atticus tells his children that they should get into the other person's skin and walk around in it.  This means that they would see things from the other person's view and they would be more compassionate and would understand what the other person is going through.  One important character in this book is Author (Boo) Radley.  Author stays in his house all the time and the kids are scared of him.  They realize what he has to go through and are more compassionate towards him.  The other theme is the Need for Conscience and Courage.  Atticus is a man of conscience and courage.  He takes a case where there seems like he has no chance of winning.  This case is for Tom Robinson, a black man, who was charged for rape on a white woman.  Atticus can't turn down the case because he feels he can't live with himself if he does. This took a lot of courage and shows what kind of man Atticus is."
"Scout is a vivacios, smart tomboy in a small southern town.  There are many subplots in To Kill A Mockingbird, that is one of the reasons it is my absolute favourite book ever.  This book makes you feel like you want to be a kid again.  Maycomb, the small southern town that Scout and her brother and father live in is divided with racism.  The family not racist, and the children learned it from their father, Atticus.  Atticus takes on a trial near the end of the book.  It is involving a white trash woman who claims that a black man raped her.  The case is inevitable-the white woman will win, although the evidence clearly states that this man did not rape her.  At the end of the trial(I won't tell you which side wins...)  I bawled like a baby.  You will feel connected to this book somehow.  I have read it 3 times in 4 years."
"It's amazing how a book that is this short manages to hit on so many different topics.  Set in Alabama in the 1930's, the inequality and bigotry of their small town is seen through the eyes of Scout and Jem Finch children of the town lawyer Atticus Finch.  This is a book that every parent needs to read, and have their children read. It brings you back to not only the innocence of childhood, but it will make you remember the moment that you yourself, lost that innocense of your childhood.  Told in local dialect it also gives you a glimpse into the charming Southern life that they were leading."
"I have read this book twice, first in 8th grade in middle-school, and again last year, when I was a sophmore in high school.  I admit that the first time I read it I was a little biased.  I didn't understand the meaning of many words, didn't like the vulger language, and found it to be tedious.  But after two years I read this book again and now I can forgive myself for my misunderstanding.  I was older and more eduacted, so I understood the language better.  And I was very quickly captivated by the images of the children.  To see young children in their activities, slang conversations, and wild imaginations made the story comical, adoreable, and fun.  The book broadens its descriptions and paints a picture of the whole town.  Rich details are given of social status, law, eduaction, community, and relations in the town.  The time period is the Great Depression and the setting is Alabama, which is a perfect setting indeed!  The poverty of the land and pride of the south is so well percieved.  Every major and minor character has importance and a well drawn characterization.  This book goes into great depth in human nature and behavior.  We see the tenderness and kind loving qualities of many people, but then in some people we see aggresion, slothfulness, and extreme prejudice.  There are many prejudices in the whole story, which relate to racism, but also judging others by stereotypes.  If there was ever such a book that gave the most powerful message on prejudice, this is the book, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"".  Mockingbirds bring such beauty and joy to the world through their songs and wouldn't it be so harsh to kill one?  As a satire on society, a messeage on life, and vision of human beings alike, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", is a beautiful story of humor, happiness, sadness, and all emotions.  This a must read!"
"This timeless masterpiece bursts beyond the confines of the printed page, and even beyond the substance of its story. It leaves one breathless with the wonderment of the world seen through a child's eyes, magnified by the adult's realization of what it all means. Harper Lee's sole work (to my knowledge), is in my opinion equal to Huckleberry Finn as the greatest American writing ever."
"I read this book recently in class because it was requred reading. I love reading, and read several books a week. TKaM however was terrible. There is almost no plot, and the charecters were poorly developed and obviously fake. It gets boring after a few minutes, and is never all that exciting. It is also hard to follow what is going on near the end. It may be a classic, but it sure is not a good one!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird was a great book and now one of my favorites.  The begining was really kind of boring but as I read on, I just didnt want to put the book down. Jem, Dill and Scout were very courageous in the book.  They had a lot of courage for little kids.  I just thought that this book was great and more and more people should read it.  So if you are a person who hasnt read this book yet, I suggest you go out and either buy the book or rent it from your library.  You can also check out the movie ""To Kill a Mockingbird"""
"This is one of the classic books of all time. It is written beautifully and the plot is great. This book is a must for anyone, whatever genre you read. The story is told in a masterful way and it makes you contemplate about human thoughts and ideas. Simply brilliant"
"Harper Lee sets her story in the small town of Maycolmb, Alabama. A town that has seen the worst of the depression and still sets its own rules regarding race. An interesting aspect of this story is that Lee chose to tell it through the eyes of an eight-year-old child. The lives of Scout Finch, her father Atticus, and her older brother Jem are followed throughout three hard years. Atticus is a lawyer who has got what many would call an unfortunate job of defending a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been accused of raping a white woman. In a town where a black man in guilty until proven innocent, this means certain punishment for Tom. Soon, young Scout and Jem are rediculed by the town's people, both themselves and their father being ripped of their dignity. Scout learns many of life's lessons in these three years of her life. There is a universal story to be told in this book. Many characters are set apart because they don't follow the norm of the town. But, Scout learns that this is not the way to live life. She learns to not flow with the rest of society at certain times, because sometimes everyone else is not always right."
To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the best books ever written. It is a classic novel. This book by Harper Lee does a great job of describing events and keeping the reader hooked on the book. I am only in 8th grade and this book is by far my favorite. This book took place in 1933-1935 (the depression) It does a good job describing prejudoce back then and how one thing that a black says or does even if it is the truth can be not true by a white saying something else which is what you'll learn in this book. I would recommend it for all ages.
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee, is a brilliant novel which traces  the life of a young girl, her family and her friends, while, exploring the  unfortunate racial bias of Maycomb County.  Through her exposure to the  prejudice, the injustice, hopelessness, courage and revenge, she matures to  even the extent of an adult.  This novel centers on the life of a young girl named Scout, her brother  Jem and their friend Dill.  Together, they learn to cope with and fight the  prejudices of their small town.  Throughout their adventure, they meet Boo  Radley, a misinterpreted, kind man who has been locked up in his house for  years as well as Tom Robinson, a black man unjustly convicted guilty for a  crime he could have not committed.  These children mature as they stand up to  the bias and face reality.  In Maycomb County, those who are prejudice make the lives of blacks as  miserable as possible.  Tom Robinson, who was always kind to the Ewells, was  convicted of raping their daughter since he was black, although all evidence  proved he was innocent.  Likewise, others frequently bothered Calpurnia, a  black maid of the Finches, even though she was considered a member, even a  ""motherly figure,"" to the Finch family.  Because someone is black or  different in other ways, people usually jump to conclusions.  The jury, when  they saw Robinson, convicted him just because of the color of his skin.  Furthermore, Boo Radley, because he was never seen out of his house, was  rumored to be a ""monster"" even though he was a pleasant guy and even a  lifesaver.  When people jump to conclusions, strength and courage are often  needed for them to withstand those conclusions.  Jem and Scout's father, who  was, until then, considered weak by his children, used his strength and  courage to shoot a rabid animal therefore, bringing out his past of being one  of the greatest gunmen of Maycomb.  Scout, his son, also shows bravery by  approaching some prejudice citizens and even convincing them to abort their  plan to kill Robinson.  Many of these people, through rumors, the color of  their skin or life in general often feel hopeless.  Robinson, after being  convicted felt so unjustified and hopeless that he tried to escape prison and  in conclusion, died.  Dill, a friend of the Finch family, also felt hopeless  when he was unwanted by his mother.  Because of the prejudice, sometimes  revenge feels like he only way out.  Bob Ewell, because of his hatred for  black, tried to frame Robinson, and although Tom was convicted Ewell tried to  kill him.  As revenge towards Ewell, Boo Radley stabbed and killed him.  When  subjected to these prejudices, maturing happens quicker.  Jem, after seeing  the injustice done to Tom Robinson, learns about the cruelty and unfairness  of life, making him more mature then even some of the adults.  Scout also  matures as she stands up to a gang of adults to save the life of her father  and the prisoner and convinces them to leave.  To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the greatest and most well written novels  that, after it has been read, makes the problems of prejudices seem closer to  reality in such a way that anyone can enjoy, no matter how old."
"To Kill a Mocking bird is a novel that talks about the everyday life of a family. The novel has been writing on first person, having Scout as the narrator. Scout is a young girl that narrates all the conflicts that trouble her childhood. Scout lives with her dad named Atticus, Calpurnia the housekeeper and her older brother named Jem. Atticus works in the Alabama State Legislature, he practices law. Another important character in the novel is Dill, Scout's best friend. Throughout the entire novel Jem, Scout and Dill spend most of the time together they practically become inseparable. The setting of the novel is a small town called Maycomb found in Alabama. It is a very small town where everyone is related to everyone and gossiping is one of the main activities. Bob Radley is a character that represents the fear and the unknown. Scout narrates her fear for this man and how scary his house is. The main conflict of the book appears when Tom Robinson is accused of rapping Mayella Ewell, a white nineteen years old girl. The conflict becomes evident when Scout reveals that Tom Robinson is black. Atticus takes Tom's case knowing that it will be very difficult because no blacks have ever win a case of rape in the State of Alabama.  Atticus stands for his believes no matter what the people say about defending a black. Scout narrates all the fights she has at school because of her father situation. She does not really understand why some people are so unfair only because of the colour of the skin. The book then turns into a novel about racism. The book teaches us about how we sometimes have the wrong idea about people we do not really know and most importantly about injustice.I think the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a very interesting and enjoyable book. It is very easy to read because it does not use complicated vocabulary. It is particularly interesting because it focuses in a worldwide problem called racism. The book has a plot that makes it very intriguing and it uses a flash back that creates a situation of expectation for the reader. To conclude I would like to say that I really like the book and I will definitely recommend this book to other people interested in good stories."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a book that is about compassion, dicrimination, and predgidous.  It takes place during the 1930's in Macomb, Alabama in the depression.  It is about a man who is blamed for a crime because of his race.This book is similar to a lot of other books that have been written predgidous or racisim.  Author's who have been a part of predgidousism or racisim can probably write a better book than others by thier experience.  My personal reaction to the book is that I think that it is wrong to treat another human being different by thier race or ethnic backround.  This book was about a man, Tom Robinson, who was accused of raping a little girl.  Atticus tries to defend him but the jury still find Tom guilty.  Tom dies tring to flee but is shot by the sheriff.  Mr. Ewell, the father of the girl, attacks Atticus's children when they are coming home from a play at school.  A man named Boo saves the chlidren and they run to go get help.  My reaction to the book is that it was very interisting.  I also feel that it showed a lot of truth about how people that are different are treated better or worse.  Although this book might not be for some people I think that people should read this book to help make them realize how people are really being treated."
"I taught this book in summer school, and every chapter had a wealth of vocabulary words, not to mention a great story with many underlying themes to be explored in discussion and essays.  An all-around great book that touches on many important issues like race and prejudice; filled with wonderful southern characters.  I showed ""Fried Green Tomatoes"" in class to give the kids an idea of life in rural Alabama during the depression, then started a three week study of the novel.  It is one of my favorites and should not be missed by anyone: teacher, student, or lover of American literature."
"In my opinion, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD was both entertaining and educational.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading the book, and, under normal circumstances, I do not read purely for enjoyment.  However, I feel that most anyone could read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD purely for enjoyment and come out having learned, in a unique way, how the South was, and in many ways still is.  The book brings to light many problems that are so very simple, yet nearly impossible to solve.  This novel is a mere tool for dealing with the simple minded problems such as prejudice and hypocrisy."
"When I started reading this book I just could not put it down.  The story was told through the eyes of a little girl in Alabama during the depression.  The plot revolves around the trial of a black man and a white girl.  It has many themes; race, predjudice, class and fear are just a few.  The hero of this book was Atticus because he stood up for a black man in a time when it was very much looked down on.  Atticus is the father of the narrator and also the lawyer.  He stands up for Tom while everyone else in the town is looking for murder or revernge.  His self-confidence and control is what really stand out and make this book.  For it being in a time when blacks were blacks and whites were whites, Atticus really shows a another and better way."
"While my book favorites are usually modern murder mysteries, I was impressed by Harper Lee's _To Kill A Mockingbird_.  The plot sequence is excellent and has the reader constantly hoping the good will win.  There's also the suspense surrounding the Radley Place and ""Boo"" Radley, and everyone can relate to the narrator, Scout's, innocence and curiousity.  Personally, I was bored by many details that Lee throws in as extra facts, but if you love description, you'll love this book!"
"I am sure that I am not the only one who considers To Kill a Mockingbird their favorite book.  I was required to read this book in grade school, and my resentment for being forced to do so quickly turned into a hunger to finish it, read it again, and numerous times thereafter. I know of few other books that I can say this about. The charaters are endearing, and the story is incredibly written. Everyone should read it at least once in a lifetime."
"To Kill A Mockingbird, by Harper Lee.  To Kill a mockingbird is a book that tells of two children growing up in times of racial segreation in a small southern town.  Thew childrens father who is a lawyer, is chosen to defend a black man on the charge of rape.  The main family, while not exactally rich live a middle class existance with a black house keeper in place of a mother who died before the story began.  The black man is accused by a young woman who is the oldest child in a large family.  Her family is the worst in town, het father is an acholic and her mother left her at a young age.  The story goes on to tell about the hardships of the blacks in the small town and of their white friends.  While that is the main plot of the book you are also told of the everyday lives and adventures of the two children and their best friend.  The book ends in a way that makes you think ""no thats not right, it's not supposed to happen that way.""  But I will not give away the ending because that in my opinion was one of the best parts of the book.  I sincerely hope that you enjoyed my review and that if you already have not read the book that you will not delay in doing so."
"When I hear the word ""classic,"" I almost always think about ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  Even after reading the novel ten times, I find something new and exciting within its pages.  Scout Finch is an audacious six year old who grows up during ""Mockingbird.""  She and her brother Jem and their neighbor friend Dill spend their time play-acting and bugging the neighborhood.  When their father, Atticus, becomes lawyer for an unwinnable case defending a black man, their lives do a flip-dee-flop.  Harper Lee tells an engrossingly wonderful and heartfelt story that every American should read at least two times!"
"I really like the theme of this piece.  I learned that people really are good once one gets to know them.  I liked this book, because it really doesn't leave one hanging as some books do.  I had to write four reports on this book; I thought it was easy because the book is very interesting so I really didn't mind reading it.  I started to read the book even before it was required.  This book is good, but I did think that it didn't make sense at the beginning when I frist started reading it."
"I liked the book. It was interesting how the book was based on a flashback, insted of a present time."
"Two motherless children try to understand life in their small southern town during the depression.  A thoroughly engaging and moving reading experience, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is one of my all-time favourite books.  Those kids (Jem and Scout Finch) are so funny and you just know that the town of Maycomb HAD to be modeled on a real town (it was - Monroeville, Alabama - where author Harper (Nelle) Lee grew up). A story about growing up and the social conscience which binds us all, this book takes place in the depressed year of 1932. The children's father, Atticus Finch,is a man who's morals and conscience remind one of Abraham Lincoln!  The book is written from the point of view of Jean Louise (""Scout"") Finch, a six-year-old tomboy who wears dungarees: she would rather roll in old tires and climb trees with her brother Jem and their friend Dill - he was based on Lee's childhood friend Truman Capote -  than do ""girl things"".  There are characters in the book which weren't included in the excellent 1962 film, such as the matronly scold Aunt Alexandra and Zeebo, Calpurnia's (the much-loved black housekeeper) son.  Miss Dubose is a crotchety caution who's addicted to morphine (she falls asleep at the same time everyday while Jem reads to her - as punishment for destroying her garden). Miss Maudie and Stephanie Crawford are amusing characters.  I love the part when Ms. Crawford claimed that Boo Radley was gazing at her from outside her bedroom window  - Miss Maudie curtly replied thusly:  ""Well, what did you do, Stephanie? - move over and make room for him?"" That shut her up. The comical moments are amusingly life-like and therefore easy to relate to.  The surprisingly powerful and emotional revelation towards the end of the novel is something which one can only  experience by reading literature of the top rank; this Pulizer Prize - winning novel has won the hearts of millions and will undoubtedly enlighten generations to come!"
"Here is a perfect example of a coming-of-age tale that refuses to be either melodramatic, mushy, or even boring! A story that should be read again and again. TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is the classic novel written in 1960 by Harper Lee to great critical acclaim, received the Pulitzer in 1961 and became a classic film in 1962 starring Gregory Peck as the hero Atticus Finch.We are in the life and times of 1930s Alabama, the town of Maycomb County, as seen through the eyes of a young tomboyish girl named Jean Louise Finch, or ""Scout"" as she is called by her widowed lawyer father Atticus and her older brother Jeremy ""Jem"" Finch.The span of the story takes place within three years of their lives. From their summer get-togethers with their young friend Dill from Meridian, Mississippi; to their adventures in trying to make their mysterious neighbor Arthur ""Boo"" Radley come outside; to the courtroom drama of black man Tom Robinson accused of raping a white woman by the name of Mayella Ewell.All characters are positively wonderful! There's the Finchs' black maid, Calpurnia, who acts like the children's mother and guardian; their colorful neighbors: Miss Maudie Atkinson, Miss Stephanie Crawford, and Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose; the town's sheriff Mr. Heck Tate, and the Ewells. All involved help move along the story with both poignancy and humor. The ending of the book, where Scout and Jem are saved by Boo Radley, is perhaps the sweetest moment in any book. The connection between the little girl and the mysterious man is heartbreaking!Harper Lee created a kind of hero to us in creating Atticus Finch, the strong, stalwart man who never hit his children, much less yell at them. Even when Jem and Scout would get into trouble, he would always be there with his broad shoulders and comforting arms. Gregory Peck, in the film, was the ideal choice for Atticus Finch, and won the Best Actor Oscar for it as well.My only complaint, and this is usually with all books and novels, is too much detail to the surroundings of the characters. There are moments when Miss Lee tends to fill about five pages with description of Alabama during the Great Depression. That, to me, tends to slow the story down. Even THE GODFATHER had that same problem, even though it too is a great book.All in all, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD lives up to its reputation as a very important and classic novel."
to kill a mockingbird is a very good book. although it is long it is way worth reading.hope you enjoy the book as much as i did
to kill a mockingbird is a very good book. although it is long it is way worth reading.hope you enjoy the book as much as i did
"I loved this touching story, as told by 8-year old Scout Finch, about growing up in the small town of Maycomb, Alabama amidst racial turmoil and the depression.  It was just a great story.Now that I am finished with the book I already miss Scout, Jem, Dill, Atticus, and of course Boo.If you are looking for a book with a great story written by an author who knows how to write and use the english language, above the Grisham level, then this is a book for you."
"But remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.  I'm a 13-year-old from Reykjavik, Iceland, and my American mother told me to read this old book she had on her shelf.  She pulled down an old thing with an orange sketch of a bird on the front of it, and I thought:  What in the sam hill does she want me to read now?  It wasn't until later that I found out where mom had picked that familiar phrase up, just like it wasn't until later that I realised how wrong I had been.This novel is about kids, and how their peaceful little town was transformed into a place of racism and hate by one lie told by a white farmer.Jeremy Atticus (Jem) and Jean Louise Finch (Scout), the children of a lawyer in the town of Maycomb, spend their time just like any ordinary kids.  That is, until they meet Charles Baker Harris, better known as Dill, and the three of them start plotting how to get their mysterious neighbor Arthur (Boo) Radley to come out. They are blissfully unaware of it when a negro man, Tom Robinson, is accused of the rape of the daughter of a drunkard farmer, Robert E. Lee Ewell (Bob).  But when spring comes and their father is appointed to defend young Tom, the children, along with the whole of Maycomb, are drawn into the swirl of strong feelings, racism, lies and hate that is building up aroundthe case.  One of the best scenes of the book is the trial of Tom Robinson.I'm not going to tell you any more about it, but I'lll let you in on one secret. The two storylines: That of the children and Boo Radley, and that of Atticus Finch and the ""rape"" of Mayella Ewell, will be tied together into a perfect bow.If you aren't interested in the book after reading a few of the reviews on this site, I'm very surprised. This book is meant for people of all ages, not just adults. I'd even read it to my 7 and 9-year old siblings."
"I rate this book a 5-star-plus!  I read it for the first time in the 9th grade and have read it two more times since then.  When I read it about 6 months ago at the age of 22, I couldn't believe how exciting it was, even though I already knew what was going to happen.  I think this is a classic and a must read for older students and adults.  Even though it happened in another time and place (for me), it is easy to relate to and offers many life lessons."
To Kill A Mocking Bird is by far the best book I've ever read.  The innocence of the nararation and depth of the plot made for a real page turner.  When you finish this book you'll wish it never ended.  I would definately reread it.
"As many other high school students, I had to read � To Kill a Mockingbird�, by Harper Lee in my English class.  I did not want to read this book one bit.  It looked like the most boring book in the world, but as many people say �you can�t judge a book by its cover�.  This book turned out to be one of my most favorite books ever.  If anyone has read it, they know what I�m talking about.The book tells a story in the eyes of a child named Scout.  She is brought up in the small community of Maycomb.  She has many adventures with her brother, Jem.  They, like all other children have a wide imagination.  They let their minds wonder with their neighbors.  They believe things about their neighbors that aren�t really true. One major issue brought up is Boo Radley.  He is presented as a shy, unsociable individual who never comes out of his house, except for at night.  Everyone finds him to be scary, even though they don�t really know him.  Throughout the storyline, they find out who the real Boo Radley is.  He turns out to be one of Scout�s best friends.Scout thinks her father, Atticus, is not exciting and just a regular guy.  She changes her mind when he shoots the county�s mad dog with one shot.  He becomes a hero, and later Scout learns that his nickname had always been �single shot�.  She finally looks up to her father and respects who he is.Scout learns many lessons throughout the book.  The main idea is that she shouldn�t kill a mockingbird ever.  Her father, Atticus, told her it�s the worst sin anyone could commit.  Mockingbirds are innocent creatures that only play beautiful music.  She realizes what her father was talking about when an African-American man is sent to trial for a crime he didn�t commit.  He was accused of raping an American girl, and Atticus is chosen to defend him.  He does everything he can to prove the innocence of this man, but no one will agree with him.  The innocence of a man is taken and he is sentenced to death.  He represents the mockingbird that was killed.  The county had committed the worst sin ever.I would recommend this book to anyone.  It has a great moral and I learned a lot from it."
"The summer before ninth grade, my teacher required that I read Harper Lee's novel To Kill A Mockingbird, and I honestly feel that it has become my favorite novel. Lee is ingenius in delivering an effective message about the effects that intolerance and racism can have on the structure of society. She portrays this concept through Scout, a young girl who is the main character of the novel. As you read, you will witness Scout's transformation from  an inoccent and blissfully ignorant child to an experienced and knowledgeable young woman. It is both painful and beautiful to follow Scout on her journey, as she experiences a loss of innocence and realizes the ways of the world through the trial of a black man charged for a crime he did not commit. On the surface, the novel appears to be a simple story with an obvious moral, yet through careful analyzation, one can appreciate the profound message Lee delivers. Therefore, it is my strongest recommendation that you pick up a copy of Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird. It truly allowed me to see the world in a new light, and I think it will deeply affect you as well."
"In Harper Lee's novel To Kill A Mockingbird, two young children experience the first hand effects of racism.  Scout, a tomboy, and her older brother are being brought up in a Southern town in the early 1900's during a very controversial trial.  A black man has been accused of assaulting a young, white woman who lives in town.  Scout's father, a lawyer, is appointed to defend the black man in a trial that the town thinks is unnecessary.  The author gets the point across that everyone but Scout's father knows the black man is guilty.  Scout and her older brother are put in a situation where the whole town turns against them because of their father's decision.  The trial is the main focus of the novel, which has some very interesting and plot changing turns throughout it. Racism has always been an issue in American history.  This book represents a voice that could not be heard in the early 1900's.  African-Americans were often accused of crimes they did not commit, but were still convicted only because they were black.  Many were not as lucky as the black man in this novel, since his accusation at least got him a trial with a white lawyer who truly believed his innocence.  In the novel, the entire town presumed the man was guilty before his trial because of their own ignorance.  The people in the town get the opportunity to learn diversity and tolerance that starts to show up toward the end of the novel. I would recommend this novel to any person who can pick up a book and read.  This book serves many purposes both educationally and morally.  Presented by a female narrator, the book was a first of many kinds.  Harper Lee took a very broad topic and created one story of the direct effects discrimination can bring on a town.  I would highly recommend this book not only as pleasure reading but also for educational and cultural awareness.  This book depicts a very accurate and descriptive account of how racism was a major part of every Americans' past."
"No matter how often I read it, about once every 3 to 5 years, it gives me great pleasure!  I think everyone wishes that the author would write another book.  It is so well construed, good sentences, excellent plot, reader easily gets right inside the place as well as the characters' feelings."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is my all time favorite book. I have read it 3 times and each time it keeps getting better. It is one of those rare books that stays with you for a long time afterwards and really makes you think."
"I first read this book when I was in the 8th grade (1960's).  I am an English teacher and have taught this book to 9th graders for 15 years.  This book has ""turned on"" so many of my students to reading.  The best compliment they give is, ""The movie is great but the book is so much better!""  The lessons learned from TKAM are timeless:  racial, sexual, religious, social and economic discriminations; child abuse--both physical and sexual; superstitions that we let control our lives; ""walking around in their skin"" point of view.  This book should be read by both young and old."
"I will cast my vote for ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" as the most important American novel of the twentieth century. It speaks with fresh meaning to each new generation of the reading resistant. The only other contender for such an honor is ""The Catcher in the Rye."" These are American classic coming of age novels in the tradition of America's own extensive adolescent journey. They are the stuff that laid the first seeds of the sixties when adolescense reigned and the culture of the self was born. At times I feel that it is that 'high school book' qualification as well as the fairly well-made film, that undermines its ascendency to literary canon status. Yet, it is the 'plain folk' small town morality, as Mark Twain had proven for the nineteenth century, who are the true tellers of our national tale....The primary reason this book remains vital though, is because of its literary value. It is well-written, well-plotted and its characters are as singular as the town that is so divided. It is packed with mystery, with real and potential violence, all firsts in the eyes of its children who are the eyes of the reader.In terms of national identity, and an inclination to the notion of dare I say, something patriotic, it is in this story, its completely American moral brilliance, that I feel that swelling and stinging in the eyes for our struggle and shared journey."
"This is another one of those books a lot of kids have to read in school. The title of the book kind've sets teens off like many books do. But really this book is wonderful! It took me a while to get into it but in the end I did. The book is about growing up and facing that people aren't all the same. Little kids see everyone as equals but when they grow up they see that isn't true.The book's main character is Jean Louise or better known as Scout. The book follows her and her brother Jem's adventures. They may live in a small town but any child can find something to do even in the most boring towns and that's exactly what Scout and Jem do. They bug the heck out of the Radleys, a quiet family in the town. Scout has to face her fears of going to school.The main conflict in the story is the case of Tom Robinson, a negro. He's accused of raping a lower case woman. Scout's dad, who is a defense lawyer, is put on the case as Tom's lawyer. How will the case end? Is Tom guilty?A wonderful book! Must read!"
"Harper Lee is a master of the human heart. She knows just how to portray the love of Atticus for his children. She expertly weaves the story courage both of Atticus as he defends Tom Robinson, and indeed of Tom Robinson himself and his fears. Tom's fears are very real and you see the prejudice and hatred of our society clearly, with no attempts to mask anything. There are deep themes in this book, themes which we can not just read about but learn and apply to our lives to enrich them. The story of Tom Robinson is sad, very sad, but it can be prevented and this story gives the way to answer it. Also, we learn so much about the love of a father for his children. It is beautiful and should not be missed when reading this story.This book is a classic and just a great, great story!If you don't have it, BUY IT and enjoy it for years to come."
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I never saw the movie and didn't have to read it in high school although I am not sure I would have appreciated it then anyway.  I loved the  writing style and the message.  I laughed and cried and did not want to put the book down.  Great character development!
"Harper Lee's to Kill A Mockinbird is a wonderful book. The characters are well portrayed, and the setting is described in a very intreging way. Harper Lee sets the story in a small town like the one she grew up in and this helps us relate more the characters and what is going on in the story. She also creates a significance in the story from the setting by relating it to something we have all seen or heard of. The novel has a very interesting plot that ingulps you into it the second you start reading the book. The meaning of the book is very significant in itself. Harper Lee uses a lot of metaphors in this story but one can always understand what she means by these metaphorical phrases. With this book Harper Lee has portrayed examples of our historical past. This novel is one of the best of all times and you will not just read it once but rather over and over again."
"I read this last year in 9th grade and I loved it. I read the entire thing  in a week. With most classics it takes me much longer to read. This classic  is a must read. It not only is great for conversation, but at my age adults  think I am an intelligent person. :) It is really neat and is pretty great.  I liked it a lot and you will too. No wonder it's a classic."
"I had to read To Kill a Mockingbird for school and I thought, a book for  school, this will suck.  After a few chapters, it got really good and I  didn't want to put it down.  The back of the book doesn't describe it well.  It is not a love story (I don't know what that's about, there's no love),  but about this guy Atticus who had to defend a black man who was obvously  innocnet (if you want to know the end scroll to the bottom).  the narrator  figures out her views of life a rasism through the issues raised.  It's a  great book, a must read (esp. for me).  I must admit though, once you take  notes on it, it looses some charm.Off2mars2@aol.com The end of the book  is belowThe end of the book: Atticus's client is guilty, and gets killed  running away from jail.  Bob Ewell get's killed tring to attack Jem, how  ends the book unconsouis from the attack."
"""It is a sin to kill a mockingbird.""  This book is about  justice, and conscience... it is about race, and bigotry... it is about  courage, and cowardice... it is about values of the family, and the culture...  it is about humanity.  The novel speaks through the 8-year-old voice of  Scout Finch, the youngest child of a widower, Atticus Finch.  There are two  stories being told.  One story is about Scout, her older brother Jem and  their summertime friend Dill Harris as they pass three summers together in  a small town in Alabama, when they focused much of their energy on a  reclusive, neighbor, Boo Radley.  The other story is about the trial of Tom  Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman in 1930's Alabama.  Atticus is appointed to represent the accused.  The seamless writing brings  both stories together in perfect accord by the conclusion.At first it  would seem unbelievable that ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was written by a  Southern author, but upon reflection, it could have only been written by  someone from the South.  Harper Lee had one incredible story to tell and  she told it well.  Don't read this novel for inventiveness.  Read it for  the near perfect writing.  Read it to be moved.  Read ""To Kill a  Mockingbird"" because it is a sin not to."
"What an incredible piece of work!  I really enjoyed this book.  It gave me  Southern life during the great depression, and taught me a little something  too.  Scout is rambunctious and spunky, her adventures with Jem and Dill  made me laugh quite a few times.  Atticus is quite impressive, he had a  sense of justice and an intelligence I've never seen in anyone.  This is a  real life story, if not true, and it'll make you really think about the  predjudices we hold against other people."
"Out of all the books that I've taught to 10th graders, this is by far the most popular. More discussion comes from Mockingbird than any other I've  required students to read. It's amazing to me that this was Lee's first and  apparently last work. How many Pulitzer-winning authors can claim they only  wrote one book? And then to have it win such acclaim! There must be good  reason why it is still ranked in the Top 1000, an amazing fact when you  consider how many books have been written. I just wonder how many new books  today in the Top 10 will be virtually unknown five years from now. To Kill  a Mockingbird deals with a number of individual and social issues. No doubt  the most sensitive issue is racism. I read a newspaper article this past  summer where some big-shot scholar is claiming that Mockingbird is actually  racist and should be read/taught with politically correct glasses. Give me  a break! Lee was way ahead of her time and dealt with reality in a quite  appropriate manner. The story line is crisp and never bogs down. It will  make you think, and I believe it will create an urge in you to dialogue  with others about vital contemporary issues of our day."
"I can see why some people enjoy To Kill a Mockingbird. It is very vocal about certain issues in life. I was completely bored reading this book.  Although I liked Scout and Jem, I was not excited to read about a young  girl's life in a small town. It seemed like a small plot and was not  planned well. A court case is hardly a thrilling idea."
"Not to like this book.  Harper Lee's semi autobiographical Pulitzer Prize winner is a superb account of bigotry and injustice set in 1930's Alabama  as viewed through the eyes of children.The hero of this moral fable is  lawyer Atticus Finch, who sets the small town of Maycomb ablaze with  controversy when he agrees to defend Tom Robinson, a crippled Negro who is  accused of raping a white woman.But this isn't just a story about Tom  Robinson.  It's also a coming of age story, a story which blatantly  illustrates the fact that we learn something new every day, and that we  must never judge situations or people by appearances.  Tom Robinson, a  simple, hardworking Negro, is judged by the colour of his skin, and by the  oft held assumption that ALL Negroes lie, that ALL Negroes are evil and  dangerous, that no white woman is safe around a Negro male.  And Boo  Radley, the subject of decades long gossip and innuendo, is judged by the  children - Jem and Scout Finch and Dill Harris - as being a bogeyman, a  malevolent being who has dedicated his life to the pursuit of evil.  Yet,  unbeknown to them, he is their secret benefactor, and someday he shall  literally save their lives.Disappointingly, this is Harper Lee's only  novel.  But then, any follow up to this superlative effort would surely  have been inferior.  It's hard to believe that Lee was an adult when she  wrote this - her ability to describe the world and its idiosyncracies as  seen through the unjaded, uncynical perspective of a child is one of the  most memorable and enduring pieces of literature ever penned, provoking  thoughts in the reader like ""What is truth?"" and ""What is  just and right?"""
"As a present to myself, I reread this book once a year.  It is a timeless  novel, with too much truth to it.It also saddens me to know that there  are still people in this world who hate others simply because their skin is  a different color, or they may have differences in beliefs, atittudes, ad  naseum.  The hate crimes we keep reading about in the papers show we  haven't come a long way.I only lament that I didn't first read this book  until I went to college and started reading it in a speed reading class.  HA!  There is no way you can read this book in a speedy manner.  It needs  to be savored slowly and revisited to fully appreciate the story.I also  gave a speech on Ms. Harper's book in class as part of an assignment to  sell something.  Even students who didn't like reading were willing to take  a chance on it, and thanked me later.I just wish Ms. Harper had written  other novels.  Not sequels, of course.  It would be impossible to write  another book about the Finches, or their world."
"I missed reading this book when I was in the category 'young adult' and so  recently I purchased it and bought it. The characters are realistic and the  scenery is beautifully painted. The story really brings you back to the  time when you were 7 or 8 and really thought in such a happy, clear way. I  suggest this book for 10-14 years old."
"To Kill a Mockingbird contains criticism of the prejudice and moral laziness that allowed Southern society to have a double standard of  justice. The novel also presents a somewhat optimistic view of white  Southerners that was somewhat unusual at the time the novel appeared. The  story indicates there are good human beings like Atticus Finch everywhere,  even in the midst of a corrupt society. Even those who do wrong, the novel  goes on to suggest, often act out of ignorance and weakness rather than a  deliberate impulse to hurt others.Another theme of the novel is the  transition from innocence to experience. At the beginning of the story  Scout's world is limited to the boundaries of her immediate neighborhood.  She feels safe and secure, and totally confident that the way things are  done in her home is not just the right way, but the only way. The arrival  of Dill, who comes from a broken home and has lived in another state, gives  Scout her first hint of a variety of experiences beyond her narrow  horizons. Then, on her first day of school, she begins to discover that not  everyone agrees that the way things are done in Maycomb, Alabama, is  necessarily correct. She also learns that sometimes it is necessary to  compromise in order to get along. Even though Scout's teacher's ideas about  how to teach reading may be wrong, Scout must respect the teacher's  authority. Her own father advises her to ignore the teacher's ban on  reading at home, but to pretend to go along with the teacher's methods  while in the classroom. This kind of social hypocrisy is new to Scout, and  she is surprised to hear her very moral father advocating it.Related to  the theme of innocence and experience is the novel's suggestion that  innocent children can often see large moral issues more clearly than  adults. Scout, Jem, and Dill never waver in their horror at the injustice  done to Tom Robinson. The adults in the story, however, see all the  complexities of the situation to the point of being blinded to the central  issue of right and wrong. However much Scout may grow through her exposure  to new experiences, one hopes that she will never lose her childlike  undertaking of justice. In the view of this novel's author, justice is a  simple concept. To recognize the difference between justice and injustice  does not take any special degree of wisdom or sophistication. In fact, the  learned members of the community--such as the judge and prosecutor--and the  proudly religious Baptists who are spectators at the trial are, willingly  or not, allied with the machinery of injustice."
"Harper Lee's timeless novel, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", tops the list of classic literature. It shows bitterness and descrimination of all kinds through the innocent eyes of Scout Finch, a young girl in Maycomb,  Alabama. Her father, the town's best lawyer, tries to teach his children  the lessons of life by living it, instead of by just being told.The plot  revolves around a court case involving a black man being accused of raping  a white woman. Scout's father, Atticus, takes on the impossible case,  causing society to shame him and his family.This wonderful piece of  literature is a fantastic depiction of life in the south in the earlier  part of the century."
"Having read this book 20 years or so ago in high school, I had a suggestion to try it again. I'm glad I did. The daily life of Scout Finch is described well. Characters Jem and Atticus Finch are good too. Add in  summer friend, Dill. Of course the daily activities include wondering on a  way to get the infamous Boo Radley out of his house. The trial of Tom  Robinson is also very interesting. The end result a really entertaining  story by Harper Lee."
This book is one of the best books i have ever read in my life. It excemplifies such character and such realism...its a wonderful book for kids of all ages.
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is about growing up in a lazy town in South.  The story focuses upon two young children and last throughout a few year period.  The main character is a stubborn little tom girl named Scout  who is very adventurous and completely innocent at heart.  Her father is a  lawyer who is a great person morally and will always stand up for what's  right.  One day, a case comes into town about a black raping a white girl,  and the father, Atticus, is assigned to the trial.  The whole town is  shaken up by this case since the old talk of the town was a confined  neighbor by the name of Boo.  The racism issue comes into play during the  trial.  The part that shows how wrong the racism is, is that a little girl,  free of any past experiences or any hatred, is amongh the few that realize  the extreme wrongness that is taking place.  This book can be taken on at  the least two levels.  The higher level is much more extreme in the overall  moral being displayed.  This is one of my favorite books because of the  amazing way that such a deep feeling and concept of ""wrongness""  is brought to a reader through words.  Without a doubt, this is recomended  to anyone who can read."
"This is a coming of age novel, which means that characters in the novel either mature or become aware of something they never knew before.  This story tells the adventure of two lovable children named Scout and Jem and their many 'adventures.'  As they grow older, a matter of a few years, they  become aware of many prejudices and that their world is not perfect.  They  go through a trial for rape and assault, because their father Atticus is a  lawyer defending the man on trial.  They also experience a mean old lady,  gossip, attempted murder, and a house burning down.  The events in the book  are far too long to get into detail about.  Pick yourself up a copy and see  that this book is great!"
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is more than the usually discussed issues of racial bigotry and the human condition under trial. Don't let me take away from those values at all... but Harper Lee has written a book transcending a literary social commentary. She has written a love story.A love story? huh? Who gets married? Does anyone kiss? Are there passages of deep romance? No, no, no... none of that. Try instead family love.Atticus is the kind of single dad we need to see more of in this generation. He cares for his children so much that he protects them from the fires of his grown-up life of representing an innocent man. He protects them from the full impact of his neighbor's lies. He shows them how to love them, even though he knows his neighbors hate him and the love of fellow man he represents.If all Atticus, the father, did, was love the innocent man, he would be doing a good thing, but he demonstrates love and allows dignity (when possible) for the ones persecuting the innocent. He shows he is a big man, and his children mimic this sense of understanding.Deeply rooted in the memories of his children, the story has a gentle subtext of growing up. You can almost taste the lemonade of the porch and smell the flowers in nearby gardens.Lee's power as an author here is that she does let her statements about humanity overtake the story. Rather, she lets the story tell the story, and she just writes down what happened in her imagination.Her characters are not paste-up Southern children or adults, but complex characters all of us relate to (even me up here near Chicago!). Relationships are embedded in the depth of being neighbors. This creating a milieu of angst in Atticus' children when they see the adults warring in court and out of court in matters of truth.I fully recommend this book, and think to give it the best reading possible, examine how interwoven the story is with its various cultures and characters. The power of Lee's message will be plenty clear.Anthony Trendl[...]"
"What a wonderful story and what a refreshing  change to read a story written with such virtue, honesty, and integrity!  Where are the Atticus Finches' in today's world?  Simply Wonderful!"
"I am 13 years old and had to read this book for summer reading this summer (summer of 9th grade) and believe it or not I fell in love with it. I read the whole book in 2 days. This book contains views from the eyes of a  child. It is filled with history, suspense,drama and many other interesting  topics. Harper Lee truly is a person with a wonderful gift. To Kill A  Mockingbird puts your beliefs to the test. I highly recomend this book for  people ages 13 and older because there is some slight vaulgarity. Read this  book and find out if truth prevails."
"I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book....it was cleverly written by the author...we see the prejudices and all the different types of people living in Maycomb County come alive through the narration of Scout,a girl who has  not quite yet reached the age of 9.The book was written in a simple, and  yet humourous way, and the message that the author was trying to get across  is very clear, that we should never ever judge people until we have seen  their true colours.Alas! The world is often less than perfect and sensible  people such as Atticus, Scout's father, are becoming extinct. I read this  book twice, and it brought me to tears each time. The simple acts of  kindness shown to Scout and his older brother, Jem, by their neighbour,  ""Boo"" Radley, are really touching. People like ""Boo"" ,  who have strange and weird habits and are not like the ordinary being, are  often misunderstood and misjudged by people.However, they often have a  beautiful side to them that people fail to see.After reading this book, it  really made me think twice about the misconceptions that appearances give."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was an excellent book, the dialect and the plot got my attention from the first chapter. The theme and the characters can be relative to life. All together, this book was one of my favorites."
"Superbly written with a fine balance between the serious social issues and the light hearted view of our host.  ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" is set in Alabama in the 1930's and is told through the eyes of ""Scout"" the young daughter of Atticus the single parent town lawyer.The central tale of the book is that of Tom a negro falsely accused of raping a white girl, who despite his innocence is found guilty by his bigoted peers.  The secondary stories concern the struggles of Atticus to cope as a lone parent role model, the difficulty of being a child learning about concience and empathy as they grow up and the mysterious disappearance of Boo Radley.The book builds slowly as it paints a vivid picture of the times, the characters and prevalant attitudes.  Once the scene was set this book built such a head of steam I was unable to put it down.  I read this book in one session, something I have never done before"
"You should read this book, I am not a reader at all and I loved this book. It is really good and is worth the small amount of time it takes to read it."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"""" is obviously one of the best American novels of the 20th Century.  It is the story of a young girl, Scout Finch, growing up in Alabama during the 1930s-40s.  She lives with her brother and father, the often referenced Atticus Finch.  Her father has been appointed to represent a black man being tried for allegedly raping a white woman.  The novel deals with the Finch family's persecution for Atticus's role in doing what he knows to be right, and specifically, how these events affect Scout's view of the world as she grows up.The picture Harper Lee paints in ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is of an honest, noble man and his struggle to raise his children as a single parent in the impoverished Deep South of the early 20th century.  They live in a neighborhood of several eclectic personalities, from the brooding, misunderstood Mrs. Dubose, to the mysterious Radley family.  The Alabama Ms. Lee portrays is a beautiful rural arrangement of small towns and counties, with many wonderful, honest citizens, who are unfortunately overshadowed by the hateful actions of others.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is one of the most beautiful stories I've ever read, and it left me occasionally saddened, but ultimately proud of my homeland, the American South."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is set in a small town in Alabama during the early 1930s.  The main plot centers around the trial of Tom Robinson, a black man falsely accused of the rape of a white girl.  It is within this context that Atticus, the town's gentleman and defense attorney, teaches his children humanity and truth.  The story is narrated by an adult Jean Louise (Scout), recalling the events of her childhood leading up to and after the trial. Tom is convicted and sentenced to death - not surprising given the era, any other outcome of the trial would have rendered this novel trite and significantly diminished its value.  The trial is without a doubt among the most well written scenes I've ever experienced in American fiction.  Tom's accuser represents the complete antithesis of honor, respect, and decency.  I applaud Lee for delivering biblical comeuppance to the accuser in a swiftly paced yet suspenseful narrative that made me anxious to get to the next sentence.Lee introduces the right characters in the right setting with exacting language to support the theme of the novel.  This is perhaps the nations' most well written lesson on the personal depravation caused by racial hatred and the spiritual enlightenment encountered when one stands defiant in the face of it.  And what better way to demonstrate this moral message than through the eyes of children who know nothing but truth, until told otherwise.  Lee would be hard pressed to top this novel, perhaps that's why she hasn't tried.  This is a novel that children should grow up with, its bound to produce better adults.  Most certainly worthy of the Pulitzer and deserving of it's place in the history of American fiction."
"We happily add our voices to the chorus praising this novel.  Harper Lee's inspired story is a beacon for souls searching for humanity, social justice, and human connection.  We laughed, and we cried.  We were stirred by the words of Atticus Finch.  This spring, we will share our passion for this book through a workshop for readers new to Ms. Lee's novel.  Wish us luck, although with this book, we won't need it."
"How many people when asked to name their favorite book of all time can pare it down to one? I can, easily. This fine, fine novel is, in fact, degraded by referring to it as a ""great book."" It is no less than one of the greatest works of art of the 20th century. To read it is a life changing experience. Considering that I first read it 25 years ago and am now singing its praises via a media that was not yet invented at that time is a testament to this fact. I will not labor to offer a synopsis of the book as these are already offered in abundance. Let me just say that with each subsequent perusal of this book, I am equally delighted and saddened that I am not discovering it for the first time."
"Harper Lee has written something pure magical. Yet every sentence is so natural and naive. When reading To Kill a Mockingbird I just asked myself, ""How can someone, having written no other story or novel in her entire life, write something this catching and beautiful?"" This is one of the novels I cant put into words what I think of. It's just unbelievable. Father Atticus is a father that you wouldn't believe coulde exist, even in fiction. I dont think anyone can critize this novel, and still those who does, I dont know what crazy motive they have for it. It's simply something that you read and what you've read never escapes you again. And still you read it over and over again, thoroughout your life!"
"The book To Kill A Mockingbird is a good book!  The plot was just about two kids and what happened one summer.  I liked the book because Harper Lee did a good job at describing the charaters.  My favorite character in the book was Jean Luise Finch (Scout).  She did not act like a little girl, she acted like a boy throughout the whole book.  Jem was an okay character but he got boring because he grew up and his sister grew up but she still acted like a boy.  I recommend this book to everybody because it will hold your attention throughout the whole book.  Nothing in the book is worth disliking!!!!  To me the book did not have a lesson but to other people it might."
"This book was very boring at first, but once I got to the fifteenth chapter, it actually started getting ok. Even though it seemed like a chore to have to read this book for english class and I definately would not put it on my ""recommended list"" I learned to respect it because of the issues it dealt with. Racism is still an evil today, but it was even more severe in the thirties. This book was written in the sixties, published in 1967, when racism was not regarded as ""horrible"" and we were on the verge of abolishing segregation, and Harper Lee wrote of these issues before many others did."
"This fine novel talks about justice and courage. The narrator is a young girl, Scout Finch, who lives in Alabama in the 30's and shares her summertime adventures with her brother and their friend Dill. Before the core of the action starts, we are witnesses to their innocent life in the middle of a town crossed by racism and violence. It reminds us of how we lived in our small but pleasant worlds, not knowing the things that adults do. But as it happens to most of us, one day something happened that ripped that innocence and forced the kids to see the real world, in the form of an unexplainable injustice. A black man is accused of rape and murder by a white girl. Atticus Finch, Scout's father, accepts to defend the man. Through the trial, we see injustice and hatred everywhere, except in Atticus' strong attitude and firm principles. By the end, the kids will experience personally the agression and injustice of this world.Although not a first-level literary prowess, this book deserves the love most of its readers feel for it. Besides being well written, its message is universal and true. There are more elaborate and sophisticated treatments of the subject, but that in no way diminishes its value. Harper Lee is good at speaking with the voice of a child: this is very difficult and often results in corny or artificial efforts. One good thing is exactly that children's world is portrayed as innocent but by no means stupid: children are keen observers and get their own conclusions. All in all, a good novel worth reading."
"Harper Lee's novel ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is about kids growing up with their father, a lawyer, in a village in Alabama. It describes the adventures and every day's life in their neighborhood. Atticus Finch  educates his children, Scout (Jean Louise) and Jem, in a spirit of freedom  and justice, but has also an eye on individual opinions of other people,  although  they might differ from his own ones. The tension between these  two points, justice and the prejudices of most of the people around the  Finch family, reaches its climax when Atticus takes responsibility for an  probably innocent man in a murder trial. The man's only fault is that his  skin has the wrong color.The court scenes are written brilliantly, but  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is far more than one of the typical court  thrillers. The detailed description of the life of Atticus, his kids, and  their neighbors makes the best deal of the book. In spite of the precise  narration, the book never gets boring but is written somewhat in the view  of childish curiosity.The well-known movie based on the novel is in good  agreement with the book and also rather close to the text. But as in every  movie, some details have to be taken out to fit the story into two  hours.Do not miss this book."
"I really liked this book except for the fact that it was a pretty slow reader for me. It has a good plot, characters, story, and a pretty good ending. There were many boring points in my opinion during this book.  Scout and Jem are brother and sister(Scout's the girl). This story tells of  their growing up together with a friend of theirs named Dill, who comes to  Maycomb every summer. He and Scout want to get married some day. ^_^  One of the goals of the children is to get a peek at the mysterious  neighbor of theirs, Boo Radley. They have heard lots of stories about Boo  like when he was cutting up newspapers and stabbed his mother in the  leg...(eek!) Boo Radley had never left his house. One of the children  at Jem and Scout's school even goes a mile out of her way walking home just  to avoid having to walk by the Radley Place. The kids decide to make a  game called ""Boo Radley"". It starts to turn into a play and they  end up playing it for a very long time. It tells of the story of Boo and  his life(I'm guessing that Scout, Jem, and Dill made up some of it on their  own). Will they ever see Boo? And if they do, what does he look like?  How will they meet? What would they say? Maybe they won't even see  him...you'll have to find out for yourself. ^_^"
I read this about 20 years ago for the 1st time and liked it. Recently I  read it and thought it was great. I try to read a classic every 5 books or  so. The lives of Scout and Jem are very well put. The trial of Tom  Robinson(a travesty) and the antics of Dill add to it. Atticus is also a  strong character. But the ever elusive Boo Radley steals the show as much  of this great book will show. If you haven't read it in 20 plus years give  it a try.
"This is one of my favorite books. From the first sentence, I am pulled into a different world. The language is like poetry and the story is compelling. I love the movie, too."
"This is an interesting adventure book which highlights racial predjudice in 1930's America.It cites the adventures of Jem and Jean-Louise (Scout) Finch and their relationship with their Lawyer father Atticus.It's a  book of characters, each with their own unique personalities.  You get a  sense of intrigue and suspense when you read about the infamous Boo  Radley.On the whole this is a pleasant book which has stood the test of  time."
"This story is about a child that grows up to see the noblity of her father in the turblunce of Southern prejudice.Atticus Finch is a white lawyer who takes on a case of a black man accused of rape.  Already in the public  eye a man considered guilty before trial because of race.  Atticus is a  character who defies prejudice of race and class in a world that is deeply  imbedded in it. Atticus is faced with attacks lead by the father of the  girl who denounces the man on trial.This story is seen through Scout's  young eyes at the same time the mistery of Bo Raddly the strange next door  nieghbor's son.  Through the experince of an innocent mind we see conflict  of discovering the value and weakness of other human beings.This is  one of the great stories. ""Remember it is a sin to kill a mocking  bird"" Atticus FinchThe Movie with Gregory Peck is great to not as  good as the book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is a pretty good book, but not nearly as good as the movie.  The first half of the book jumped around too much and was simply a waste of about 130 pages.  However, I truly enjoyed the second half.  Atticus Finch is really an interesting character, and Bob Ewell is truly  dispicable.  TKAM is certainly worth reading, but don't expect too much.  It is definitely not what what I would call Pulitzer Prize-caliber."
"Harper Lee's novel ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" throughly deserves its huge critical acclaim. Telling many stories in its content, it deals with the growing up and learning process of Scout, (Jean Louise) a little  girl who lives with her father Atticus and brother jem in the deep south of  America. In between the years of five and eight, Scout comes across Dill,  whose sad unloved story touches even the hardest reader, an ill-tempered,  prejudiced old woman, whom Scout's father describes as ""the bravest  woman he ever met"", and most importantly, the ""nigger"" Tom,  whose obvious innocence of the crime of rape is ignored, to be punished by  death. These hard-hitting storylines would give the book a somber tone, but  Lee cleverly moves away from this by giving the narration to a child,  making the book witty, light-hearted, yet serious, dealing with issues  still very much alive today."
"This book was on my reading list last year, and I wanted to read it.  The only problem was, when I went to check it out of a library, there were no copies of it left!  And now, I finally found out know why.  This book is  absolutely amazing.This is the story of a small Alabama town in 1935.  It is told through the eyes of a girl nicknamed Scout, who is  heartbreakingly frank about her feelings for her enviornment.  The book  reads quickly; you find yourself drawn into Scout's preceptions of the  world around her, and you learn with her the injustices and surprises of  life.I am sorry to say that life in Alabama hasn't changed much in the  past 65 years.  I couldn't believe how much I could relate to the book,  being a native Alabamian myself (my city even get a mention :) ).  With  this book, I've found a way to explain to others what it's really like to  live in the South."
"For years, my friends had pestered me to read this book. Every time I would look at them and say ""It looks so boring, though!"" It wasn't until this year for a school assignment, that I read it. I could  have killed myself for not reading it earlier. This book is anything but  boring. It is  a fantastic novel that I will read over and over.  Jeremy(Jem) and Jean Louise(Scout) Finch are brother and sister and they  live in the county of Maycomb in Alabama. The story takes place in the  1930s. At this time, there was a lot of discrimination towards black  people. People also discriminate poor whites, to whom they reffered to as  white trash. One family that was considered white trash was the Ewell  family. Bob Ewell was the father of 8 children. Since thy had no mother,  19-year-old Mayella Violet Ewell, the oldest child, served as a mother. A  black man named Tom Robinson, who worked in fields near the Ewell  household, had to pass by the house every day. Being lonely, Mayella  started making advances towards Tom. This was totally against all code. It  was unimaginable for a white and black to do anything with each other.  Ashamed of what she had done, Mayella went to the court and accused Tom of  molesting her. Atticus Finch, the father of Jem and Scout, is the lawyer  who defends Tom. Every one is against him because of this. Sure enough, Tom  and Atticus lose the trial. But Bob Ewell is planning revenge on Atticus  anyway, because Atticus had exposed him as a liar in the courtroom. What  Bob ends up doing is extremely scary.  This book touched me very much. In  my opinion, i would say Atticus is my favorite character. The lessons he  teaches to Scout and Jem about right and wrong, and how peaceful and kind  he is to everyone is just amazing. Atticus is a great man, and I respect  him very much even though he is make-believe. I have only one more thing to  say. If your first opinion about this book is bad, please put it aside and  read it. I will say that the beginning is boring, but look beyond it into  the true meaning of this book. READ IT."
"As a High School student most books I've had to read for English are very boring.  But To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the est books I have ever read.  It deals with issues on racism, prejudice and importance of conscience so well.  From the silent strong hero of Atticus to the  headstrong tomboy Scout, you will never forget this book."
"I have had to read this for school twice, and have loved it both times. It's one of the few books for school I have actually enjoyed reading. The charactors and lessons taught will stay with you for the rest of your life.  It's simple enough a 12 year old can read it, yet complex enough an adult  will enjoy it. It's definitely good enough to read once or twice or...."
"One of the best things about To Kill A Mockingbird is that is excellent without trying to be. Lee's writing is totally unpretentious and straightforward, yet vivid and poignant. I also liked very much the way the  writer treated the delicate subject matters in this book, with dignity and  grace, but without sugarcoating or making it a sermon about political  correctness. The beginning is a bit slow, but since the rest of the story  is so great I can overlook that tiny detail. If it was possible I would  give it ten stars."
"To Kill A Mockingbird was assigned to me by my english teacher. I thought the big would be a waste of time only to find to my surpise how much I enjoyed it.  The way it dealed and handled prejuidice was amazing. Most books only include information about racism, To Kill A Mockingbird dealt  with Race vs. Race, Woman vs. Men, and Classes vs. classes.  I give this  book five stars b/c it helps children, teenagers, and adults deal with  prejuidce of all kinds. Prejuidice isn't something that can be ignored, and  it will never coimpletely go away. However, when you read this book,  through the eyes of a young girl. you realize exactly what it does to the  world. As a whole."
"The classic novel, To Kill A Mockingbird, was a magnificent book.  One reason I liked it so much was because it was very detailed.  For example, in the beginning of chapter nineteen, just before Tom Robinson was called  up to the witness stand, Harper Lee (the author) really gives us detailed  information on how Tom is nervous and what kind of actions he played played  on.  For example, when he reaches under his arm to grab his Bible.  Besides  details, I also liked the book because it is readable.  It is also a book  that really relates to our culture and way of living because of the  jealousy factor in the book, relates to our life of jealousy.  When people  are jealous the will try, in any way, to get that quality or trait they are  jealous for.  A specific element that stuck out to me was the beginning  when all the characters are described.  Another element that I really like  is when the book gets intense and stays intense during the presence of Boo  Radley.  This is a book for all audiences because it is good and it should  be read and maybe researched by both students and adults."
"Entertaining...emotionally moving...life changing...what more can I say!  I am strongly recommending for everyone to read this book once each year.  As a former 11th grade English teacher, I brought this book into my  classroom and saw several students literally come to life!  One boy said it  was the first book he had ever read all the way through. Not only is it fun  to read, but it really challenges the way you think and process others'  differences.  To Kill a Mockingbird comes highly recommended..."
"This book is awesome. I read it in my 7th grade english class, and we got into so many good discussions about it. It's very thoughtprovoking. Of course, it is possible to read this book straight through, and not think  about mockingbirds or anything like that, but if you read this book, you  must stop and think about how it affects your life, because it does. if you  think hard enough, you can think of so many people who bear a striking  resemblance to scout, jem, atticus, or tom"
"A story that tells of childhood curiosities and discoveries.  It is a wonderful book that can bring back many fond memories.  Full of innocence and suspense, a winning combination. Taking place over a 1 1/2 year period of time, this story tells of the mysterious neightbors, social injustices,  and of small town life.  Scout looks back at her childhood growing up with  her father Atticus, brother Jem, nanny Calpurnia, and a plethora of other  characters that add to the plot. One of the many pleasures of this book is  how each one of the characters is presented in a believable manner.  Atticus, a single father, balances work and trying to raise his two young  children, Scout and Jem a brother and sister duo, who lurk around the  mysterious Radley home to see what is inside.  Tom Robinson, an African  American accused of a crime he did not commit simply because of his race.  These characters were presented in a way that the reader can relate and  imagine.  The only problem with this book was that the ending was a little  abrupt.  Even though the main plot is solved throught the book, the book  leaves the reader wondering about the rest of everyone's lives.  If there  was an extra chapter or an epilogue, the story would be finished  completely.  Since there wasn't, the story lacked a certain ingredient that  would make it a little better. The book was a window into the world of a  young girl, her struggles and the struggles of all of the people around her  as she grows up.  Strongly recommended for teens but great for all ages.  An eye-opening look at life and the variety of things that happen to a  group of small town people.  A superior example of American literature."
"Never going outside, never talking to neighbors, and never being seen created a big fiasco in Maycomb County. To Kill a Mockingbird was a good book. It was about three Children Jem, Scout, and Dill who were on a mission to encounter Boo Radley. Boo was a man who lived in Maycomb County  and has not been seen in years. Throughout the book a major disturbance  occurs in Maycomb and there is a big trial. At the end of the book, the  children finally come in contact with Boo Radley. This book was good  because it taught four lessons: courage, growing up, education, and  prejudice. Throughout the book, there are many different times which  courage is shown. One example is when Jem lost his pants at the Radley's  and he went back to get his pants off the fence. This took a lot of courage  for Jem. The theme of growing up was shown most often thoughout the novel.  Some examples are: Scout turns down a fight for her very first time, Jem  learns to be respectful in church, and Scouts tells her uncle how to treat  kids. The theme or education was taught when the kids father, Atticus,  taught them not to judge people until you have got into their skin. This is  something that many people in the world fail to do. Finally prejudice  occured many times in the novel. There was an incident at the Radleys and  someone was in the their backyard and automatically Nate Radley thought it  was a black man. Another time of prejudice is when Scout wants to play with  Jem and Dill, Jem doesn't want her to because she is a girl and also  because of her age. These are a few times inwhich prejudice occured  throught the novel. All these themes were easy to relate to and this made  the book even more interesting.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful story  that portrays everyday occurences."
"The fiction novel To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the best well written novels of the 1900s.  Harper Lee who is the author of the novel brings out some heartmelting scenes to the reader. She also throws out the sense of  what a childhood is like growing up in a country town of Maycomb County.  Jem and Scout Finch raised by Atticus Finch who is their father without the  presence of their passed mother.  Jem and Scout play the investigators of  who their neighbor realy is.The Finch's neighbor is the creep talk of the  town, but no one realy knows the truth of his life. The scenes of this book  are so well described in its southern dialect the reader can picture it  realy happening.  One great example of this is when Scout walks their  neighbor Arthur Radley to his porch and reflects on all of the games, bad  times, and good times that happened.  Also Lee's courtroom scene is so  moving it makes the reader want to go into the book and be part of the  trial. Come join Jem and Scout in this mysterious investigation of their  mysterious neighbor.  Also, go back to the 1930's and get a taste of what  the depression was like."
"To Kil a Mockingbird is the heart felt classic of three children growing up in Alabama during a time when all men were not created equal. It is the story of the experiences of a young woman while wathing her father courageously defend a man accused of rape, but more importantly by a middle age white man. This is an American classic-a novel that takes its readers deep down into what society was like during Scout Finch's time. To Kill A Mockingbird is an absolute must for all book-lovers!"
"Harper Lee has done such a fantastic job bringing to life the Finches, the town of Maycomb and boogie men--real and imagined--that one feels a little like graduation when the final page is turned.  For this reader, the most emotional part of this terrific, terrific piece of work comes as Atticus is leaving the courtroom after Tom Robinson's guilty verdict. The reverend for the black community whispers to Scout, ""Miss Jean Louise, stand up. Your father's passing.""  How many of us would hope that our life's work would command such respect? Standing on the Radley porch at the novel's closing moments, Scout gives a stirring retrospect of the last three years--she had never seen her town from this angle before and so, sees her life in a different perspective with one season giving way to another: Autumn again and Boo's children needed him."
"Looking for a sappy, cliched, novel to read? One predictable as most young-adult books and more degrading than harlequin romances? Well, To Kill a Mockingbird is your book.  In this novel, all Harper Lee gives as a theme is ""life isn't fair.""  I think most of us couold have figured that out without a book that should have started where the first ""part"" ended.  Ms. Lee merely portrays a terrible, biased, southern society that seemingly places its main goal on ruining everyone elses life.  Her female characters are flat, simple-minded women.  Wether or not this is due to its setting is irrelevant.  Lee places guilt on a group of people instead of individuals (the Ewells) as it should be.  Thank God Ms. Lee only wrote this book; surely her next would degrade society even further.  I'm sure it too would be deemed a classic as long as it dealt with politically correct subjects that are far too worn out to remain interesting."
"In recent years I have begun reading what everyone calls ""The Classics"". Books like War And Peace, Shakespeare and so on. So far, this is the only classic that I can't stand.The first time I said this to my mother (who is one of the biggest fans of this book I've ever seen) she was of the opinion that I needed to read the analysis of the book and then I'd understand the true meaning of it. Well, even after that I still don't think it's so crash hot.What I mean is that ""TKAM"" is sort of the ""Bohemian Rhapsody"" or ""Stairway To Heaven"" of 20th century literature. I can read it, read about 10 analyses of it and then read critiques of the analyses and - despite having my vocabulary enriched with many long words - I'm still none the wiser about what all the fuss is about. Sure I now understand a lot more about the book but it just doesn't seem to be worth all the racket that everyone makes (""You're reading To Kill A Mockingbird? Lucky you! I LOVED that book"" and so on).So the book deals with racial prejudice in America's south early this century. So did Martin Luther King. So it deals with growing up in a 1-parent household. Big deal, I can name a good number of people who have done that as well.I guess my main point against ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is that it really doesn't offer anything new in relation to the stuff it deals with. I don't know whether that was neccessarily Harper Lee's intention when she wrote it, but that's definitely the way it's come out now that I read it.Of course, the good thing about it being able to be interpreted in so many ways is that when you do an assignment on it you can. I had the ""luck"" to be told to do an oral as Atticus and then an essay comparing Atticus to Sir Thomas More in ""A Man For All Seasons"". I wouldn't be surprised if, had I done my oral in exactly the opposite way to that which I did, I would have got the same mark for it - if not higher for ""bringing a new perspective to the study"".Don't get me wrong here - ""TKAM"" is a good book. Well written and so forth. The only problem is that it doesn't really leave you (r me at least) with a satisfied feeling after reading it.If you really want this book then go ahead and buy it. I personally would save my money - but that's just me."
"I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at this book.  I suppose I read it years ago, in high school, but I don't recall it.  My son has to read this book this summer, and I ordered it for him here.  I was bored one afternoon and asked him if I could borrow his book so that I could check out what his summer reading assignment would be.  Well, I sat on the porch most of the day reading and had a hard time putting the book down.  It's wonderful for all ages....it has lessons that all of us can benefit from.  Scout is a wonderful character, I can see why so many people name their children (Demi Moore) and their pets (my dentist) after her!I recommend this book for anyone who is hesitant...who may have read it years ago and doesn't remember it well, or who didn't enjoy it then.  You will appreciate it now.  To Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful book."
"This book is one of the best books I've read in a VERY VERY long time. The truth is that when I had to read this bok it was so that I could write a book report. I was sure this book would be so boring. But then I started it and I read it in 2 days (I couldn't put it down!) To Kill a Mockingbird deliveers strong messages of conscience and the realization of how strongly racial prejudice is embedded in the hearts of some people. The book mainly tackled issues of discrimination , but you will be surprised at how NOT run-of-the-mill it is in comparison with other books of the same topic. The narration by Scout is perfect, the metaphors of Mr Raymond, Boo Radley and of course Tom Robinson as mockingbirds is pure genius. I really think everyone who has the ability to read should get this book.You will undoubtedly fall in love with it.  And when you read it a second time the very first page suddenly becomes so much clearer!"
"Told from the viewpoint of the girl, Scout, this story of a small-town lawyer who stands up for what is right is one of the most beautiful books ever written. Funny, haunting, sad, this is one of my favorite books; I have read it at at least five times and discovered something new and wonderful each time...."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a must for everyone.  The book's narrator, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, is a tomboy from Maycomb, a ""tired old town"" deep in Southern tradition during the '30s. Although most of the novel depicts Scout's childhood, the last half of the novel connects with the beginning to tell a story that leaves everyone moved.  Tom Robinson, a young, friendly black man, has been charged with the rape of a girl by a trashy and disrespected family, and Scout's father, Atticus, has been asked to defend Tom.  The family's struggle through this trial and the life lessons learned by Scout make this book top-notch.  If you haven't read it, buy it today- you can finish it in a weekend, but it will impact you for a lifetime."
"i had no choice but to read this book for english class when i was 15.  i fell in love with it.  even now, being 19 and reading adult books, this will always remain the most treasured book in my personal library."
"This is the best book I have ever read. That's hard to say because I've read a lot of books. I never imagined I would enjoy a book we were assigned to read in school. I literally almost cried during some of the book. Right now we are supposed to be on chapter 17. I finished it - twice. This is a beautifully written book. The way the author can put all of this together in one little girl's mind is remarkable. Like the book says ""It's a sin to kill a mockingbird."""
I was assigned to read To Kill a Mockingbird in 8th grade.  It was a thick book with small letters and I was dreading it.  I decided to watch the  movie first.  This is not a good idea in most cases but I loved it so much  I wanted to read the book.  I found that the book was just as good as the  movie.  It contained much more detail but was interesting through and  through.I think everyone should read this book.  It's situations are  so true even of the world today.  It has been three years since I first  read it and I have enjoyed it many times since then.This was the only  book Harper Lee ever wrote.  She said that it contained all she wanted to  say.  Any book containing all of someone's ideas is worthy of our  attention.
"This is a marvelous story, but the reader Roses Prichard, ruins it for the listener.  Often, one cannot tell which character is speaking due to  Prichard's inability to vary her voice. I would not recommend this  audiobook to anyone."
"Harper Lee's, To Kill a Mockingbird, is a wonderful and touching book that offers a beautiful theme that you discover early on in the book. The book  is narrated by eight year old Scout and she tells of the adventures that  she faced while trying to figure the identity of Boo Radley. Her brother,  Jem, and her friend, Dill, join in on the fun. Scout's father, Atticus, is  a respected lawyer in the tiny town of Maycomb, Alabama. Atticus is working  on a case involving the rape of a young white woman. The defendant is a  black man. The two storylines tie together in the end and reveals the  universal theme of the entire book. Harper Lee does a meticulous job of  developing characters and plot. The book is so enthralling, I found myself  reading the whole book, cover to cover, in three hours! I recommended the  book to my family and friends and they all thoroughly enjoyed it. Overall,  the book takes readers to the roots of human behavior, and uncovers a  message that all should keep in mind. This book is certainly a literary  masterpiece and all should read it."
To Kill A Mockingbird is a touching and cute story. I thought that it was extremely unique that an eight year old narrates the story. The book gave a  wonderful and life altering message that truly touched my heart. It was a  beautiful and very well written book that should be in every high school  curriculum. I recommend this book to anyone!
"There isn't a single piece of literature that is as brilliant and wonderful as ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee.  The story  covers all generations and everyone I have ever met LOVES this book.  It's  a chunk of American History and on the Top 5 list of ""Greatest Books  Ever.""  I can turn to this book at any moment and find myself  completely transfixed and transformed into someone else.  Harper Lee  created a perfect book.  It's no wonder she never wrote another thing.A Perfect Piece of American Literature!"
"Hello i am Rachel a 13 year old I read to kill a mockingbird over the summer and I really liked it. It was sometimes boring but very good. With  To Kill A Mockingbird you have to be patient and it takes a while to read  but in the end it is worth it. I found the Characters very well developed  and the ideas profound, it gave me a good look at a sleepy town during the  deppression. It was told at an 8 year olds point of veiw so it combined  daily life and games with the worries of the town. Harper Lee did an  excellent job with the writing and this book is truly a classic which in my  standards means boring at points but very good."
"This story is about a Young girl and boy's child hood growing up in a small town in alabama called Maycomb.The story is told through the eyes of the young girl sometimes as the little girl that she was and sometimes as  the older woman that she is reflecting back.. Jem andScout are brother and  sister and they live with their father Atticus. Throught the story Jem and  Scout go through every day normal conflicts and happenings of normal  Myschevious kids such as sneaking up on their ""crazy "" neighbor Boo Radley.  They mature and grow up in their fathers footsteps and teachings and learn  that sometimes things arn't always what they seem to be and they shouldn't  just assume things cause somethings don't turn out what they seem to be"
"Harper Lee's To Kill A Mocking Bird has a timeless quality -- people of various generations and cultures have embraced it. This is -- without a doubt -- one of my all-time favorite novels. I marvel at Harper Lee's  amazing language and compelling story of Atticus Finch and his two  children, Scout and Jem. Atticus has decided to defend a young black man  accused of raping a white woman. Set during the Depression in Alabama,  defending Tom Robinson is not an easy task. The whole town is against what  he's doing. Lee touches on some very sensitive subjects, like the caste  system, separation based on class and racism. I love the fact that the  story is told through the eyes of Scout and Jem -- the children talk with  honesty, humor and innocence. Also, I am awed by Atticus's fatherly warmth  and family values. With great characters and a tender story, To Kill A  Mockingbird is an everlasting treasure that should be read more than once."
This book is the number 1 best book on my list and should on yours. It very touching and makes you think a little.
"'To Kill a Mockingbird' is a true American Classic.  It takes place in a small Alabama town of Maycomb, with a three year journey through the life of a 8 year old girl named Scout Finch, her brother Jem and her father  Atticus.  Atticus Finch is a trial lawyer representing a young black man  accused of raping a white woman.  The entire story is told through the eyes  of a child who describes the event leading up to her brother's arm being  broken as the book begins it's course.  There is an incredible blend of  characters throughout this story including the mysterious town boogeyman  `Boo Radley'.  All of the stories events surround the trial their  father is involved in, and how he stands by his principles for a man he  knows to be innocent despite the ugly side of generalized racial predjudice  he is forced to endure as he takes on this case.  The children are soon  caught up in series of events they do not fully understand as a result of  this.  'To Kill a Mockingbird' is a brilliant literary work that  explores the conscienceness of innocence in a little southern girl with the  triumphant heart of an adventurer.  Harper Lee delivers a timeless novel  about truth and honesty that is gracefully forged with the undying  instruments of intrigue and heroism.  Although it is set in the  1930's in Alabama, it could very well translate itself to almost any modern  American city at any period in history with it's magnificent depth and  beauty.  Atticus is a true patriot of ethics and morality as he  stands firm on the principles of truth,  despite the vicious recoil he  endures in his journey.  A novel of profound impact on the heart and soul,  Harper Lee created an incredible and unforgettable novel that deserves to  be re-read generation to generation for its timeless example of fatherhood,  honesty and justice.  When I first read this book I knew that I had  read a work of something more than a mere tale about a lazy Southern town.  I was holding in my hands true beauty written by a literary master.  You  will love this one without a doubt.  It will change you life, and rekindle  that radiant spark of endless childhood in your soul.  A great work indeed."
"It's funny to me how I learned about the book ""To Kill A Mockingbird."" I was new the new kid in school. All those there before me seemed to be talking about this book. They read it the year before and talked fondly of it. I don't know how, but it always seemed to come up every now and then in different classes. I never heard of it until then. In fact, for the longest time, I didn't even understand what they were calling it. They said the name so fast that for the longest time I thought they were saying Tequila Mockingbird. Then, one day I realized that it wasn't Tequila, but TO KILL A. I am glad I found out the correct name. But, now I know why it made such an impression on them, which is what caused me to even think twice about and even remember the book. Luckily less than a year ago, I saw the book in an advertisement, so I bought the book. It was fantastic. First, I loved how the book was told from the perspective of a little girl. I continually found myself chuckling at some of the reasoning of the young story teller, just as my own 7 year old cousin might make me laugh with the things that she says and does. Beyond this aspect of the book, was of course the story itself. It truely reminds us that morals like honesty, standing up for what's right, treating all people with respect, and that we never know a man until we walk in his shoes are things that are important in life today, just as they were back then. A book like ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a classic because it touches on issues that span all lifetimes. In short, I found the reading to be easy, the twists of the plot to be intriguing, the capers of the children to be funny and endearing, the speeches of their father to be inspiring, and most of all their relationship with Boo Radley (their painfully shy neighbor) to be touching!!! A must read for every person in America!!!!!!!"
"I believe it was Mark Twain who said ""A classic is a book that everybody talks about, but nobody reads."" And while I mostly stick with newer material, occasionally I like to acquaint myself with a ""classic"" to see what all the fuss is about. This book is certainly a masterpiece and deserves to be called a ""classic"" in every sense of the word.Harper Lee's method of describing predjudice and injustice in a small southern town, through the eyes of a little girl, is a highly effective and moving technique. The fact that Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill can see through the hypocrisy of the adults around them, and the social system in which they live, is very telling and holds a true lesson for us all. These kids can clearly see that an innocent black man is being railroaded for a crime he didn't commit, and are appalled and heartbroken by the system that convicts him anyway.I understand that this book has often been banned for not being ""politically correct"" in the modern world. Yes, it does contain the N-word and other epithets, even from the mouths of the well-meaning lead characters (who are simply a product of their society anyway). Since I'm not a member of an oppressed group, I can't tell people they shouldn't be offended by these terms. But what we have here is an accurate potrayal of life in a small southern town in 1935, and that's just the way things were back then. Even if the past was painful and ignorant, by covering it up you're trying to pretend it never happened, and that's no way to deal with it. Also, those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it. The theme of ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is not that this kind of behavior is right, but that it's wrong. And that's why we should be reading this book."
"This is a one of the great American stories that was made into an equally great American movie.The book is set in Maycomb, Alabama, in the 1930s. Atticus Finch, a lawyer and a father, defends a black man, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a poor white girl, Mayella Ewell. The narrative is in the voice of Jean Louise (Scout) Finch, Atticus� daughter, who with her brother, Jem, and friend, Dill, endure the underlying outrage of the community when Mr. Finch�s vigorously defends Tom Robinson.In the meantime, a great mystery is solved, the mystery of Boo Radley, a ""malevolent phantom"" who lives in a ramshackle house just down the street from the Finches. Boo was never seen, but ""people said he existed . . . people said he went out at night when the moon was down, and peeped in windows . . . when people�s azaleas froze in a cold snap, it was because he had breathed on them . . . a baseball hit into the Radley yard was a lost ball and no questions asked.""There�s not much more that I can add to the hundreds of other Amazon reviews about this Pulitzer prize-winning book, but a few bits of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" trivia may be interesting to those who are fans of the book and movie. . The character of ""Dill"" � the imaginative boy who was Jem and Scout�s best friend and neighbor � is modeled after author Harper Lee�s best childhood friend. (Dill�s character is developed in much more detail in the book.)  The friend�s name was Truman Capote, a boy who grew up to be one of America�s finest authors. Perhaps the friendship was forged because both children marched to a different drummer. Truman was effeminate and didn�t fit in with other boys. Harper was a feisty tomboy who didn�t fit in with other girls.  This friendship, developed in Monroeville, AL (Maycomb in the book) and which continued into adulthood, gives rise to one of the more interesting controversies in literature. Four decades later, Harper Lee has never penned another novel, just a few articles and essays. The style in many of the passages in To Kill a Mockingbird is very similar to that of Truman Capote.  Did Harper Lee write this novel? Or is it the work of Truman Capote?  Ms. Lee has been quoted as saying that she ""finds writing difficult.""  But it is documented that she locked herself away in a flat in New York City for more than a year to write To Kill a Mockingbird. It is very likely that her story is expressed with the advice and help of her good friend. And what�s wrong with that?  Harper Lee is still living in 2001 and remains an intensely private person. . Understandably, the book includes scenes and story lines that were not included in the movie. Scout�s aunt, Miss Alexandra, who desperately wants Scout to behave like a young lady, plays a key role in the book after she moves in with the family.  She is non-existent in the movie. Neighbor Miss Maudie�s house burns down in the book�s story line � in the movie she is best remembered for the line of dialogue, ""There are some men in this world who were born to do our unpleasant jobs for us. Your father�s one of them."" So, which is better - the book or the movie? The answer is neither. They�re both masterpieces that complement and compliment each other beautifully. Every once in a very long while - in literature and filmmaking - a story comes along with a power of its own that seems to draw from an unworldly creative force. The result is a work of grace, beauty, insight and inspiration. Such is the case with To Kill A Mockingbird. On film or the printed page, it�s an American treasure."
This is a book that everyone should read! It's really moving and might even teach younger kids lessons about people who are only different by the color of their skin.
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a classic, and will always be. It is about a small town, losing its innocence, like a mockingbird if it is killed, thus the name. A girl named Scout and her brother Jem, embark on many adventures, the last one being the briefest but deadliest.  Little by little, the children become unsheltered from the real world, seeing injustice, and seeing that ""all men are not equal.""The biggest part of the book is the trial. The famous racist trial. A respectful African-American is accused of raping a  low class American woman.  All evidence is circumstantial. But the way the children's father, who is also the defense lawyer, tells it, it makes it sound like the woman's father raped her.  However, the jury still thinks the defendant guilty, and he gets a death sentence.  And that is where the mockingbird is shot dead right in the heart.Overall it is an excellent book, and everyone who has not read it, I urge them to get their hands on one soon.  Enjoy!! Cheers!! :"
"This book is about the lives and youth of Atticus Finch's two children, Scout and Jem.  In a small southern town built on typical social classes and seperated by race, Atticus, a lawyer, is able to step over the line and defend a negro.  It raises many questions and shows the ignorance of the people that are racist, and shows that they don't even realize there is anything wrong with their racism.  Although it has been a while since I read the book, many parts of the book still stick out in my mind.  In particular, where the south is described as ""still fighting the Civil War.""  Those are words that are true still today, with the recent controversy of the confederate flag.  Another is the criticism of Hitler and his views of anti-semitism by a school teacher.  However, the school teacher is prejudiced towards blacks.  Although the book has many good points, I dislike many of the sub-plots and the stories that happen in the lives of Scout and Jem, as the story is narrated by Scout and often shows her childlike ways.  I also feel the book isn't as critical of racisim as it should be, preferring more to take things as they are and blame it for being in the south and because that is how many people are raised."
"Some people say that the impact of a book is never fully realised until some time after the reading.  Nowhere is this truer than within Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird.  I first read this book at University some years ago, and to be honest it had a relatively moderate effect on me.  But in the years that have followed, the messages that are dictated have continued to make more sense to me, and have in many respects never left me.  They repeatedly act as guiding philosophies to the way I try to live my life as an adult.The book tells the story of racial tensions in the 1930s in a small town in the American South.  Although the 1930s were some seventy years following the abolition of slavery in America, at this time, in many respects whites still viewed blacks as ill educated, immoral and childlike.  To add fuel to this fire, the 1930s were also the defining years of the great depression, a social climate that served to intensify racial tensions, as there was much competition for work.Within this intense social climate the novel dictates a profound insight into understanding racism, and also advises a means to remove this ignorance.  It's philosophy simply dictates that racism is the result of fear of the unfamiliar, and that it is this fear that motivates people to categorize individuals as part of a negative group, as a means to control this fear.  The novel then decrees that in order to remove prejudice people must have an understanding of others as individuals by attempting to understand their perspective as if living their lives.  This would then eliminate fear and stereotyping and ultimately reverse the path that leads to racism.This philosophy is offered to the reader through the objective narrative voice of a child and the lessons she learns through her interaction with various characters within the narrative.  Her father is her biggest influence, a white lawyer representing a falsely accused black man at trial, against the views of his peers in their town.  As such, as she is lead to an understanding of the novels hypothesis for the elimination of prejudice, so are we the reader.As the novel was written in the 1950s at a time when Southern blacks were demanding more civil rights, such as the right to vote and the complete abolishment of segregation laws, the novel also had resonance in its year of publication.  Perhaps Harper Lee saw this has an opportunity to educate the 1950s white community on issues of race and prejudice, at this critical political point.However, I believe the novel goes even further than this and makes points that can educate people from any background anywhere in the world.  If people could see others points of view by standing in their shoes and seeing them as individuals instead of part of a larger group, then not only would prejudice cease, but human understanding and interaction as a whole would benefit.This is definitely one of those life-changing books that you will come back to time and time again in your life, always reading it from a new perspective."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was without a doubt one of the worst novels I've ever read. There's about 50 pages of good writing, and the rest is garbage. The book is riddled with strange, boring sub-plots that lead nowhere. Its just wasted time."
"My mother first handed me this book when I was thirteen years old, and one day I was bored enough to give it a try, and I am so glad I did.  It was such a moving, realistic story of a bright young girl's interesting adventure.  Once I started reading this I couldn't put it down.  It is beautifully crafted and emotionally deep.  I give it a perfect 10!"
"A grown Jean Louise (Scout) Finch narrates the tale of her youth in Maycomb, Alabama, wherein her father Atticus defends a black man against a completely spurious rape charge cooked up by a poor white drunkard and his daughter.  No, the issues are far from comfortable.  The racism is stark, but the heroism is stolid.  Through Scouts eyes we see a world of many colors and textures, but one must read the book to appreciate even a few of them.More than four decades since it was first published, Harper Lees book is more than just a tale of courage in the face of racial bigotry in the mid-twentieth century rural South, it is more than a tale of a girls love for her father, it is more than a novel. Without hyperbole, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is truly an American treasure.  If you have never taken or been given the opportunity to read this book even if you dont read that many novels you owe it to yourself to transcend all the politics and attain the better understanding of humanity that Harper Lee can help you discover.  After all, she has helped so many millions of schoolchildren do just that in the past two or three generations.  Neither does she do it with the preachy tone I found myself falling into for this review!  Whatever your age or color, enjoy!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a Classic. There is really no other way to describe it. I decided to read this book for a Grade 9 Book Report and I loved it! The author gives great character personality and keeps them realistic. The plot is amazing: there is always something happening. Some people MIGHT find this book slightly boring at some parts, but overall, it's a really good story! To Kill A Mockingbird does bring up Racial Discrimination in the 19th and 20th Century, but shows this realistically. This is undoubtedly my absolute favourite book! I highly recommend it to anyone in for a Good Read! :)"
"I thought I would hate this book because most ""GOOD BOOKS"" are books that I hate.  But after reading this for my Junior Honors English class, I found that I liked it a lot."
"For more than twenty-five years, To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee has been universally ingratiated into high school English programs. The repetitious dialogue; unhindered meandering; endlessly and needlessly branching plotline and much dated speech and setting has probably frightened more sophomores out of ever reading for fun than the Great Gatsby and Watership Down combined. But just because forcing teenagers to read a detailed account of growing up in 1930s Alabama is borderline child abuse does not mean there is nothing students can learn about good literature from To Kill a Mocking Bird. The characterization is presented masterfully; the descriptions are vivid; the narration is well done and it truly reflects the trials and tribulations of the time in which was written. To Kill a Mocking Bird is a fine piece of literature, but it's a terribly boring book."
I laughed and cried on first reading Lee`s mastre piece .This is the book I would refer to when asked to name the best book I have ever read.
"I found this book to be dull, uninspiring, and not particularly well-written.  I liked some of the characters, but not enough interesting things occured to keep my attention. I had to read many of the descriptive passages several times to gather their meaning, and the author lets the reader make many assumptions, which are not always correct. I've read a number of excellent classics, but I'm stumped how this could be considered one of them.  I realize this is an unpopular opinion, but aside from a few isolated passages, I really didn't find this book to be very enjoyable."
"Harper Lee has written one of the most effective, entertaining and powerful novels in the last 60 years with ""To Kill A Mockingbird"".  The novel about the south that takes place during the depression. Lee takes an unusual yet stirring view, and that is thru the eyes of a young girl named Scout.  A brief synopsis of the main theme is that Scout's father is Atticus Finch a lawyer in a small town in Alabama that has to defend a negro accused of raping a white woman.  Whether the man did rape the woman is not the point due to the fact that white Southern society of the 1930's... have already judged him guilty.Atticus's arguments in the courtroom and his point of view is mesmorizing and the couragous stand he makes in defense of his client makes this a page turner.  Yet again it is thru the eyes of a child who is starting to discover that the world isn't as nice as she once thought.  The circumstances that happens to Scout in the novel are funny, sad, and one part is absolutely chilling.  The other plots in the novel are effective as well as the supporting character's.I know that others have written... reviews on this novel and its theme of racial injustice.  ...[M]y point of the review is to let readers know that this is an effective novel for young adults to read and discover a part of society that had extreme prejudice and another part of society that endured thru tremendous loss and hardship.  This is quite a novel and is highly recommended to all young readers."
"This is the only book Harper Lee ever wrote, which just breaks my heart. Its dry humor, its sensitivity and its lovable characters make it outclass almost every other book I've ever read. I discovered this in sixth grade and have read it literally dozens of times since.Scout is a young, tomboyish girl in Depression-era Alabama. She lives with her widowed lawyer father, Atticus, and her older brother, Jem. Jem and Scout pass the time playing with their friend Dill and trying to persuade the local recluse, Boo Radley, to come out so they can see him.When a black man is accused of raping a white woman, Atticus is given the case -- he is the only lawyer who will make even a cursory attempt to defend the man, who is obviously innocent. He and his children are ridiculed and even threatened, but he uses the situation to teach Jem and Scout about justice and the unimportance of race."
"As it had been about 27 years since I had read this classic, I had forgotten much of the detail of the book.  I loved every single page of it this time around and I am sure that I understood it a great deal more than when I was a teenager.  This is a remarkably well-written book with humour, pathos and charm, besides its more obvious look at various types of prejudice.  The fact that the story is told through the eyes of a young girl gives it a wonderfully innocent appeal but constantly challenges the reader to look at its larger social issues.  Despite the fact that it is set in the 1930s, this classic has not aged at all.  If you have not read this book at all, get to it; if it has been many years since you have read it, have another look at it - you won't be disappointed."
"This book is one with both style and substance. The story itselfis compelling, but the writing is also great. This isn't a dumb-downed John Grisham-type popular novel, nor an overly pretentious John Updike ""literary"" story. The voice of Scout is perfect and it is very rare to see a child portrayed rightly. Unlike other books, the children are neither adults in small bodies nor treated as human larvae unable to understand the world. The things that Scout doesn't understand are the things about this world that don't make sense: racism and injustice. This is one of the handful of books that are close to perfection."
"I read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" for the first time in my early twenties, and it changed the way I read books.  It more than entertained (although it did that as well), it made me look at my place in the world in a profound way.  I was skeptical when we found the audio book because so many times the reader gets in the way of the story.  Happily, this wasn't the case with this audio book.  Roses Pritchard perfectly captures Harper Lee's distinctive and straightforward voice, finding all the subtle nuances and bringing that small southern town to life.  We usually lend our audio books to friends when they take long car trips, but this is one that won't ever leave our library.  (We'll buy one as a ""bon voyage"" gift instead!)"
"I believe that the book was excellent.  The characters were detailed and very realistic.  Scout, the main character, presents the novel as an adult looking back, which helps the reader see exactly what a child would see,  and learn exactly what a child would learn.  Through the book, many  injustices are seen, and it really helps you to understand why it is so  important to ""walk in other people's shoes"".  Over all, the book  was excellent, very exciting, and entertaining!"
"This book is undoubtadly the best book of all time. I have read it several times. Though many people tend to think it doesn't mean any more than the actual words written on the pages, it does. Symbolism is key in this book, and people should really take the time to sit down and read it. Everyone  should read this book."
"This book ""To Kill a Mockingbird""  is a very touching story.  It makes you realize the ignorance and the feelings of others.  By reading this book, you can feel the characters living in you.  You can understand  what they are feeling, because everyone has had their incounter with  prejudice at one time or another. Everyone reacts to prejudice in different  ways, and you can see the many ways in this book.  Some people are afraid  of the thoughts other people will give them, others are willing to fight  againts the unkind words that they have heard.  ""To Kill a  Mockingbird"" is a great book.  It is a story that will stay with you  for all time."
"This classic should be made required reading for every person in every culture and in every country. If only everyone would read it, and truly understand, identify with and 'learn' from the story and the message found  within its pages, I believe the world would be a happier and peaceful place  to live in for all.""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a 'rich' and  compelling story set in 1930s Alabama. It's a story about the purity and  innocence of children, about justice (or the lack of it), racism,  hypocrisy, human compassion, trust and love (all issues we can relate to)  told from the experiences and perspectives of a small child (Scout).The  writing is wonderfully beautiful and charming. You'll fall in love with the  depth of inner beauty and innocence found in the 2 children (Jem, and  especially his sister, Scout/Jean Louis). You'll find yourself rooting  passionately for their father (Atticus Finch) to win his case when he  chooses to defend a black man on trial for life, despite much social  pressure on Finch to give up the case and veiled threats against him and  his family. Watch for the part where Finch cross-examines the  ""victim"" (a white girl who accuses the black man of rape) and  during his closing speech. Both are excellent courtroom drama (the best  I've come across) and they also reveal a lot of the (ugly) truth behind the  case.Atticus Finch's sense of justice, perseverence and fighting spirit  (the way he stood his ground) are most inspiring and touching. Based on  what he believes in, he knows he must ""do the right thing"", all  the more since he has 2 young children who look up to him for guidance on  the difference between right and wrong.I also loved reading the precious  scenes involving Atticus and his children - Atticus is really a  ""beautiful"" person and a perfect role-model of a dad - at once  loving and understanding and patience and fair.And what about the  mysterious recluse, Arthur ""Boo"" Radley who hasn't left his house  in years and has become some sort of a terrifying yet intriguing  ""legend"" among the neighbourhood children? Is he really the  madman or evil spirit that the children believe him to be?This book (and  another winner, ""Angela's Ashes"" by Frank McCourt) should rank  highly in everyone's list of must-reads. What a true gem! Read it and be  charmed."
"Recently, I had the opportunity to read this great book. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a must read. The characters are deep and very human. Harper Lee is a wonderful author. She makes the characters come to life.  Even though I'm still in high school, I could really feel what they were  feeling through her narration. Everyone go get this one!"
"I first read this book at age 12. In high school I read it two more times, for class assignments, and have read it again since then. my copy is worn out, so I am buying a hardcover copy, and am sure it will get plenty of  use. This is a classic story, and one of the best books ever(my favorite),  and i will never get tired of reading it."
"Is this really considered a classic? Though issue of race and prejudice is certainly of great importance, I don't see as though its been evoked in this book in some sort of revolutionary way.  Tom Robinson's story is painful to hear, and the depth to which Maycomb is developed by the author  is impressive, but this book is by no means a classic.  The author's style  is of no great note, and the plot, while carrying the reader through the  duration of the book, is not of a ""classic"", compelling nature.  All in all, a solid book."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was one of the best I've read.  At first, looking at the cover when it was assigened at school, I thought it would be another boring book for English class.  As the days went on, we  were assigned cirtain chapters to read each night.  i found myself reading  ahead without even noticing.  I felt like I was in the court room with  Scout and jem.This heartwarming tale tells the story of Scout and Jem  growing up in a small Alabama town called Maycomb.  While their fater,  Atticus, is appointed to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accued of the  rape of a white woman, the family is coulght up with the racism of the  town.  The children also make an new friend next dorr at the Radley  household.  This somewhat strage friendship turns out to be a life  saver.I think that everyone should read this book because it show many  characteristics of human nature, some that are horribly overlooked by  society"
"This book did not get the #1 book of all time from luck of the draw, the book deals with many issues that were very important in the time and has a plot that seems ordinary but you dont realize how much you loved the book  until you put it down, and find yourself wanting to run back to it to find  out what happens next, I LOVED THIS BOOK"
"I first read this book in high school in the '60s. I paid $.60 for it - best money I ever spent! I ""learned"" a lot about being a kid and a parent from this book.All the characters seem ""true"" to me.  They ""melt"" in the heat and are fascinated by snow. They get lost  in the dark and have fights in the schoolyard. They have interesting  neighbors.One of my top ten!"
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is based mainly on racialprejudice, love, and injustice in society. The main ideas that reallystuck out in my mind were the ideas of racial discrepancies and human dignity. Harper Lee really captured these two ideas in her book. Back then in the 1930s it was normal to look dowm on people because they were a different race. Atticus said it best: ""you don't really know someone until you walk around in their shoes."" I think this quote was a very significant part of the book.  There was another part in the book when Ms. Gates stated: ""We live in a democracy kids, over here we don't persecute other people."" That simple statement really reflected the whole idea of the town and all across America"
"The best thing about this book is the characters.  They are all so beleivable and you sympathize with them and feel their emotions...a sign of great writing.  I think the thing I like most about this book is that it has a bit of subtle himor thrown in.  My favorite line in this book, or any  other , is when Scout says "" Pass the damn ham, please""  at the  dinner table.  Just an example of the depth of the characters.  Atticus is  one of the best father figures I have ever seen.  My good friend is named  Jean Louise and to this day I still call her Scout.  That is how much I  love this book....an all time favorite, with a great message for everyone."
"For some reason, I never had to read this in high school.  I finally read it recently after seeing the stage version of To Kill A Mockingbird in Philadelphia.  Without a doubt, this is one of the best books I have ever  read.  It is simple, straightforward, yet conveys a depth and  sophistication unmatched in modern literature.  The characters are warm and  believable and the themes are, of course timeless.  For anyone who  ""must"" read this book (required summer reading, assignments,  etc.), this one is a real pleasure."
"A couple years ago, a teacher of mine asked our class to read To Kill a Mockingbird.  Reluctantly, I picked it up and began reading.  Within minutes, I was watching young Jem, Scout, and Dill grow up, as everyone  does, in 1930's Maycomb, Alabama.The author, Harper Lee, does an  amazing job of portraying the characters exactly as they were meant to be;  very few authors can make a reader admire with the utmost respect for a  character as Harper Lee does with Atticus Finch, father to the  narrator.If you are looking for a book that will keep you interested  until the very end, this is definitely the one.  I have read it three times  and have enjoyed it every time."
I have reread it several times since.  It gave me the courage to fight against the injustices I saw happening around me and try to make my world a better and more loving place just like Scout.  I will try to get my  daughter her own copy when she is old enough to read.  Mine is falling  apart.
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a thought provoking book.Through the eyes of a child, they could see the injustice of a black man being convicted for a crime he has not commited, but because of the colour of his skin he is  GUILTY."
Expresses the life of childhood and the lessons to be learned extremely well along with life as a black in the early 1950's. Places an excelent perspective on racism and judgement.
We had to read this at school and I thought it was going to be dumb.  It turned out to be a great novel that was very realistic!Read it!
"We should spend time on doing something productive when we are young, and read those life thinkings when we are old enough to. So, I don't think that we should force all students to read this book, it should only be an  option.But, it still a good book."
"I loved this book so much, all of my thoughts and conversations were related to this book for days after reading it. I felt as though I knew the characters, had bonded with them. This book is so warm, and Scout just  stole my heart."
"To Kill A Mocking Bird is one of the most interesting novels Ihave ever read. The story takes place in a small town called Maycomb, Alabama in cine1960. The story is about a black man who is being defended by a white lawyer, because he was being accused of raping a white woman. The lawyer  who's name is Atticus had two children that were Jem who is a 12 year old  guy and Scout who is a 7 year old girl. The two children have their own  secret. They wonder who lives in the old house across the street in the  corner. They were scared every time they walked by there. They heard  stories that the people living there were murderer's. Well of course if you  want to find out if the black guy is found guilty, and what happens with  the old house across you have to read the book. I love the way Harper Lee  expresses herself through her characters. I love the way she writes. This  book gave a good insight to what life was like in America in the 1960's and  the kind of prejudices people had to live with in everyday life and how  they coped with it."
"The injustice in To Kill A Mockingbird is neither forgiving nor moral.  Just because a person has a different skin color or look does not give anyone the right to accuse them of rape, or anything.  Judge others fairly  and moraly.  To Kill A Mockingbird is a great book for one to read.  I  deeply enjoyed this book and I recommend this to mature people"
"To tell everyone the truth, this book is the best book in the whole entire world. When I was told to read it in 7th grade, I looked at how big it was and I thought I was never going to be able to finish it. When I read the  first page, it actually grabbed my attention. By the end of the chapter, I  was so in tunned with it, that I didn't want to stop. Scout made me realize  so many things in life. Actually, Scout kind of resembled me. I learned a  lot about Africans and I think every english teacher should recommend this  book for the students. I got a real kick out of the book. It was so  hilarious, but then there were a lot of parts that actually made me want to  cry, because it seemed so real. I know sometimes its hard to read a book  because at first it seems so boring and too long but what i do is pretend  im actually in the scene and thats how this book brought so much attention  to me. I think this book is the greatest book ever written, because when i  actually read it, it seemed like I was actually in it."
i first read this book in high school.  After i read it the first time i read it again! this book was simply amazing Harper Lee write a story with all the important pieces that make To Kill a Mokingbid great.  Read this book!
"This book was absolutely wonderful. I hear those who say the book was boring or didn't have enough ""of the real plot,"" when in fact the plot is all about growing up and growing older, where the world gets  frightening and all the people we used to run to for protection are  helpless. This book was meaningful to me in this way. There are also people  who say that Harper Lee spends too much time with exposition. The  exposition was totally necessary. It set up a safe, known environment for  the children we hear from- only to have it crashed down and turn into  chaos. Its message of equality and condemning of racial attitudes was a  lesson powerful in that time and is now. Those people dissapointed with the  book don't look beyond Tom Robinson's trial to see it's real meaning. If  this book is ""boring,"" I hope never to read an exciting book as  long as I live."
"I first read this book during my third year of high school while still living in the Caribbean. It taught me many values which are now a part of my personality, and helps me to identify with what my people went through  in the post war years.African Americans can enjoy this fine piece of  literature."
"I've just begun to read this book.  I was assigned it for English class.  Usually, the books we are assigned are old and boring, and we have to  analize them until we hate the book with vengence.  This book is surrounded  in mystery and it acctually helps to analize it.  I suggest this book for  grades 6-10 as an introduction to a high school English class.  I enjoyed  it greatly and think anyone who reads it, young or old will enjoy it :)"
"I first picked up this book when I was babysiting for my neighbor. I started reading it and didn't put it down. To Kill A Mockingbird is easily a classic, portraying southern society in the '30's and the injustice that was often thrust upon blacks. The story is told through the eyes of a  child, Scout. To Kill A Mockingbird tells the story of a horrendous crime  (the supposed rape of a girl by a black man)and how it shocked a quiet  southern town (Maycomb)."
"I recently read this book for my English class and found it to be utterly wonderful!  This book really made me think about the differences, and similiarities, of our society from the period the book was set in to the  present time.  I highly recommend it to anyone looking to read a good book."
"To Kill A Mockingbird tells a wonderful and compelling story about the characters.  Beyond the story, however, the true value of the book lies in its moral framework.  Atticus Finch serves as a model for human decency and  dignity in a world that far too often lacks these traits.  By looking for  the inherently good qualities within even the poorest or socially  marginalized of his clients, Atticus Finch personifies the true goal of his  profession, which is to provide each person with equal standing and dignity  before a jury of his peers."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is filled with moral lessons, adventure and humor.  The children's growth and maturity thoughout this story is true to life.  Their relationships with each other, their father, neighbors and other  relatives engage the reader and keep you wanting more whether those  relationships are positive or negative.  The characters and the  descriptions of the neighborhood and town are vivid.  When reading this  book, one becomes linked with the characters as if those townfolk were  one's own.  It can't be put down until it is finished.  And the finish is  worth the wait."
"The very good writing offers you a good insight into the wee town of Maycomb,in the deep south of the thirties. A good book but you will get very bored sometimes if your a teenager like me!"
"This is the best book I have ever been assigned to  read.  I have re-read it 5 times since it was required in my freshman year of high school.  This isn't just a story about race or about growing up in the South, it's a  chronicle of courage and justice and truth, from the eyes of a little girl.  Please don't buy the Cliff's Notes... You may miss the chance to find the  book you will claim as your favorite for years to come."
"I recommend this book to every parent to share with their child.  I remember reading it when I was 14 and it stuck with me forever.  It opened my mind to the realities of the world, taught me about honour and the need  to fight for beliefs regardless of results.  I will share it with my family  and anyone that cares to listen.  This is a timeless classic. The film  pales in comparison - go read the book and share it with the world."
Awesome book w/a great story.  I highly recomend this book to some one who loves to read as long as there is a suspenceful story to it.
"Some of the books they make you read in high school are really boring.  I am a high school teacher, trust me on this one.  A Separate Peace, All Quiet on Western Front...boring.  However, two books did standout in my  opinion.  Catcher in the Rye and To Kill a Mockingbird.To Kill a  Mockingbirg is such a good book.  The characters, the trial, but more  importantly about race.I loved this book as a kid and I love it as an  adult.  Please, if you are assigned to read this book do so, I know the  temptation for cliffnotes is there, and use them for a Separate Peace.  But  if you are assigned To Kill A Mockingbirg, read it.  It is a wonderful  book.  YOu will remember this book forever."
"Last night I could not put the book down for anything--the end was sooooo good!  The reason that I rated a book that blew me away a four was that the beggining was kind of slow.  It wasn't boring, but it did take Harper Lee a while to get to the point of the story.  It is a phenomenal book that  anyone, and everyone, should read, don't let the slow beggining turn you  away.  It all comes together in the end.  I thought that the way the  relationships between the characters was explored was excellent.  I really  felt like I knew them, especially Atticus, and Scout, the protaganist.  This shows racism and prejudice in its simplest, most hateful and truest  form, and the way it turns nieghbors and friends so strongly against each  other."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" by Harper Lee, is a story of two kids growing up in a southern town. They have to face racism and prejudice when their father is appointed to defend a black man who is accused a raping a white girl. Every one in the town shows up for the trial in order to see  the outcome. The two kids cannot fathom just how cruel and unfair people  can be. The setting is very important element to support theme in  the book. It is set in a small southern town that has hidden racism  problems. The children become educated about the ways of the south and how  to deal with racism and intolerence that affects themselves and their  father. By setting the book in the south, the prejudice problems are more  apparent. Education is a major theme that is brought out when people do  things out of ignorance. Some of the white townspeople are largely ignorant  and do not care about innocence or guilt, only skin color."
"Certainly not much can be added  to the accolades already given  to ""To Kill a Mockingbird,""  the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel which has become a classic of modern American literature. This is the powerfully  told story of a family's struggle for justice in a small Alabama town in  the 1930s, written from the perspective of  the  young daughter of a lawyer  defending a black man charged with the rape of a white girl.  With wit and  honesty, the book examines the racial and class attitudes prevalent in the  Deep South in the years leading up to the Civil Rights era.I recently  finished reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird""  for only the second  time (the first was in  1963, when I was 12 years old.)  I  found it to be  just as wonderful a reading experience 37 years later!  The characters and  the setting come to life like no other novel I've ever read.  The book made  me laugh some, cry some, and get angry some.  But, the most important thing  it did for me was to make me evaluate once again my own attitudes and  actions toward other people.  And for that...thank you, Harper Lee."
"To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is one of the best books I've ever read. Being in only eighth grade, I clearly remember the way I felt, and what I did during the summers when I,too, was  as young as Scout. This book clearly portrays what a child would really do and think. It is believable  in all ways (even though we would all like to believe that the racism was  too extreame- it wasn't) and I really love that this story could have been  the real life of a little girl. On top of the fact that it is realistic, it  is also very well written and very gripping! I read this book for school  and wasn't expecting to like it at all, but I loved it, partly because it  is so incredibly well written, and partly because of the amazing emotions  and thoughts that it stirs up in your mind. These issues being adressed by  a child can be looked at and interpreted on a far deeper level. It can be  read by anyone who enjoys any kind of book. It touches into many different  genres and is loved by all kinds of people. It's a great book!"
"I liked this book alot I thought it was really good, The beging was a little boaring but as you get to reading it, it starts to get really interesting! Harper Lee did a good job at developing the characters in this  novel."
"I am currently reading ""To Kill aMockingbird"".  At first I didn't like it but now I love it!  We have to read it for my English class.  When we are done we have to make a map of Maycomb. So if any teacher need  suggestions ths book gives great detail on where everyone lives and things  like that.  I love the way Harper Lee expresses herself in her character's.  I Love the way she writes! Thanks for your time!"
"I recently finished this book and I really enjoyed it. The description of the feelings and scenery is wonderful, but doesn't overly describe, so there's a lot of legroom for you imagination. The characters Jem and Scout were fully three dimensional and grew with the book. Atticus was the  perfect parent, and always led his children in the right direction and told  them the truth without being harsh. Overall the book, was absoulutly great,  but there was only one thing I didn't like. After the book was done, it  leaves the reader wondering what happens to Jem, Scout, Dill and Boo. Does  Scout marry Dill? Does Jem decide to be a lawyer like Atticus? Other than  that, I found the book to be excellent"
Harper Lee's to Kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful piece of literature that brings meaning to it's title.  About a little girl along with her father and brother surviving small town life along with discrimination and poverty  in her quest to make the small town believe in equality and her hilarious  attempt to bring a man out of the depths of his hiding.
"I first read this book in fifth grade, as an assignment for school.  Now I'm a freshman in high school, and I've read it three or four times since!  This book is good for anyone, but it depends on their maturity level.  The  content was a little heavy for fifth graders, but as you get older, you  really start to like it more.  I'd recommend it to anyone!"
"I'll admit this was an assigned book for school, but please don't misjudge me.  I have read other books Anna Karenina of my own accord and loved them, and I am not criticizing this book because of bitterness of being forced  to.  I actually had not heard much about To Kill a Mockingbird before I  read it, due to the fact that I tend to read nineteenth century literature,  and I started this book with a fairly open mind.  As cliche as this story  is, I thought that the plot had great potential for making a powerful book,  but Harper Lee's approach to writing it seemed a mismatch.  The powerful  theme served merely as a backdrop to a far less interesting story. There  are points at which one can fairly hear the plot wheezing as it is being  choked by Lee's attempts at cuteness and nostalgia.  The descriptive  passages were rather crude, and at times the language became practically  unintelligable.  Am I the only person who despises dialect?  There are two  things I thought of that can affect the way people criticize this book.  One of these is fear of disliking a book at the risk of being labeled a  Philistine. The other of these is which books are read immediately before  reading a book.  The latter affected me in particular, as I was reading  Madame Bovary alongside this book.  The lack of any elegance and  refinement, which is so abundant in Madame Bovary, made the primitive style  of the writing even more displeasing."
"One cannot possibly read this book without thinking back to the innocence of their own childhood.  Remember when people were people?  And we couldn't understand why grown-ups talked about ""certain people"" ... none  of it made sense.  We were sure that all grown-ups were screwy. The  remarkable thing about To Kill a Mockingbird is that Lee captures the  moment when kids are shoved into a harsh, unforgiving environment in which  they don't at first understand.  With each turn of the page, the Jem and  Scout sink further into the ills of society and drift farther away from the  innocence they once knew. I love this part in chapter 20- Scout:  I had a feeling that I shouldn't be here listening to this sinful man who  had mixed children and didn't care who knew it, but he was fascinating.  I  had never encountered a being who deliberately perpetrated fraud against  himself. But why had he entrusted us with his deepest secret? I asked him  why"". ""Because you're children and you can understand  it,"" he said."
"As this book was an English class assignment I knew that it would be well written with a message.  It was.  Scout's literal,honest narration brought the effect across fully."
this is a phenomenal book I love how Lee put it into a childs point of view. When i first read the book i couldn't but it down i recomend this book for teenagers and adults. i am a teenager and totally agree how Jem  felt because i am goin through that phase right now. this book is totally  awesome and i recomend it. it is on of my very favorites.
I started out with the audiobook version but had to switch over to the book because one of the tapes was damaged.  The story in either format was spellbinding and thought-provoking. This book illustrates how the innocent  deductive reasoning of children can reveal the most formidable behaviors of  society as nothing other than acts driven by ignorance.
"I thought To Kill A Mocking Bird was a really good book The author, Harper Lee does a  really good job of tricking you into thinking you know exactly what is going to happen and then  the unthinkable happens. My favorite part was the end when the last thing you think could  possibly happen actually  happens. This book is fiction but it sounds as though it could or really has  happened.  The story takes place in Alabama, 1932 during segregation. It is told by Scout, an eight year old girl who does not want to grow up. She has an older brother named Jem and every summer their friend Dill comes up and visits them. They play games and try and get their creepy neighbor who never comes out, to come out. I think if the story had been told by Jem it would be totally different and the points of view would be very different.  I thought it was a very good book because something is always happening and you can't put it down. I highly recommend reading it."
"I thought To Kill A Mocking Bird was a really good book The author, Harper Lee does a  really good job of tricking you into thinking you know exactly what is going to happen and then  the unthinkable happens. My favorite part was the end when the last thing you think could  possibly happen actually  happens. This book is fiction but it sounds as though it could or really has  happened.  The story takes place in Alabama, 1932 during segregation. It is told by Scout, an eight year old girl who does not want to grow up. She has an older brother named Jem and every summer their friend Dill comes up and visits them. They play games and try and get their creepy neighbor who never comes out, to come out. I think if the story had been told by Jem it would be totally different and the points of view would be very different.  I thought it was a very good book because something is always happening and you can't put it down. I highly recommend reading it."
"Like a lot of people, I originally read this novel in high school. It's considered a 'classic' and a book that young people should read before college. It is both of those things, but it is also an excellent novel to read for pleasure.The story takes place in Maycomb, Alabama during the 1930's. A time and place very alien to most of us in the modern world. At the center of the story is Scout, a fiesty young tomboy, just old enough to go to school. She has an older brother, Jem, and the two of them get into all sorts of scrapes. They enjoy play-acting and spinning scary tales about the spooky town recluse, Boo Radley.The other plot strand involves their father, Atticus Finch, who is the town lawyer. Atticus is called upon to defend an African-American man who has been accused of raping a white woman. The reader can imagine the climate of the town towards African-Americans at that time. The town is rampant with racism, and Atticus has his work cut out for him. Not because the accused is guilty, but because it's likely that the 12 white men sitting on the jury will convict him even if he's innocent.Lee's mastery is shown when the two plot strands come together in a spectacular way, resulting in danger for the Finch family and the man Atticus has sworn to defend.Sadly, this Pulitzer Prize winner was the only novel Lee ever wrote."
"This book sends a strong message about bigotry and racial prejudice and hatred that was experienced in the south by a small family.  It portrays the truth about then and sadly, even now. But not only does the book have a moral but it allows us to enjoy the childhood of Jed and Scout. Although often confusing and sometimes disturbing...I highly recommend this book...and I am a tough critic."
"This beautifully written story of a southern family is a masterpiece of American literature.  I can only assume that the negative comments written below are the result of deliberate sabotage or ignorance.  It is a heart-wrenching and heartwarming tale that superbly reflects the times, including the very real presence of race and gender discrimination.  An astonishing read that helps us appreciate just how far we've come and how far we've got to go."
"I have recently finished reading the book, To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee.  I must admit, it exceeds all my limitations that I had put on it.  This is a great book and I think all should read it.  I've been on the internet and searching the library for a critical review of the book for an english assingment.  I was told to find a negative review because the assignment would be much easier.  I've been looking for over a week and am yet to find a review that's truly negative.  Most reviews are all positive saying this is one of the best books they've read, ect...  As I searched amazon.com I found that most of the people who disliked the book said it was confusing or boring.  Most likely, this was over their reading level.  The way she involves the theme of prejudice, bravery, and the realizations that come with maturity are supurb.  I am willing to debate this book so anyone who would like to is welcome to email me."
"This book is so horrible, it's not even funny!  I have to read it for 9th grade english, and let me tell you, if the teachers ever assign you to this book prepare for complete and utter bordem and confusion!  Yuk!  I finished reading it and my mom read this book when she was 14, and she hated it too!  About everybody I have talked to has hated it!  DO NOT READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!  I don't like these kinds of books anyway, but I was assigned to read it!  Yuk!  Try to avoid reading this book as much as possible.  Every thing in it is confusing.  It talks about one subject, and, all of a sudden, out of the blue, you are in another subject!  It is hard to follow, and there is too much information given at one time.  Try to avoid it!"
"I was actually enjoying this novel. It deals with the tradition of discrimination in a small southern town called Maycomb, Alabama. It deals with how one lawyer, Atticus Finch, tries to fight discrimination and seek justice for a black man named Tom Robinson who is falsely accused of raping a white woman. However, I am thoroughly appaled at a gender discrimination in the novel. In chapter 23 (page 221 in this edition)...well, I'll type it, and u can see for yourself:'[Atticus]: ""...for one thing, Miss Maudie can't serve on a jury because she's a woman-""""You mean women in Alabama can't-?"" I was indignant.""I do. I guess it's to protect our frail ladies from sordid cases like Tom's. Besides,"" Atticus grinned, ""I doubt if we'd ever get a complete case tried- the ladies'd be interrrupting to ask questions.""Jem and I laughed....Perhaps our forefathers were wise.'Now, for a novel that isa.) written by a woman, andb.) has a lead charcter who is supposed to be educated and non-biased, it sure seems that while racial prejudice is inhumane, gender bias is accepted as normal and just, applauded as intlelligent, and even humorous to the ever noble Finch family. Is it just me, or does anyone else see this is an enormous hypocrisy? I actually wonder if I'm the first person to notice this."
"Everyone who can appreciate a wonderful book, that is.  Masterfully done, sweetly written, with a flowing style that seems to read itself.  Almost perfect!!"
"I am 13 years old, and in my eight grade class this is a required reading  book.  We started reading this wonderful book less than a week ago, and I'm  on my second time reading it.  I cannot believe that some schools have  actually banned this book- this book tells life like it is... Parent's are  sometimes the cause of the ban. I guess maybe that they don't want their  kids to be exposed to the language or racism. Well, my father suggested  that I read this book when I was in fourth grade, and I wish I would have.  The racism is used by ignorant people- I think I'd rather learn that from a  book other than to be first exposed to it in real life.  Other than that,  it teaches you an important lesson - stand up for what you believe in, no  matter what the cost.  I hope that you all read this book. If  you don't  understand it, mail me!"
"I had to read this book for an english class, and i had to read about 60 pages per night. It really is a fast moving book and it makes you want to keep reading and reading. Sometimes i didn't want to stop. Lee's detail was amazing, you could almost picture what was happening. It was just amazing!"
"I like how the book talked about relationships between different races, particularly blacks and whites, as well as social classes and educational issues. The book gave good historical information about the way things used  to be bacl in the day by putting the story into a real life situation in a  book. Every facet of the racial factors discussed in the book produced a  good moral to learn from. The author did a fantastic job of developing the  characters to portray how people really acted during that time period. I  would recommend this book to teenagers who want a good book to read and  also for those who are doing book reports because it's a timely book with  so many issues in society about diversity that also has lots of revelant  information about racism."
"This book was very interesting, yet hard to follow at times.  I didn't give it a higher score because it lost my interest a lot because there were too many dufferent characters and stories going on to remeber, so it was  very hard to want to keep reading.  Since I didn't enjoy reading it, it was  hard to remeber all the important events.  A plus in favor for the book was  that it showed how life was back in the early 1900's.  The situation in the  book that stuck out the most was when Tom Robinson was killed for  practically no reason.  I couldn't believe that someone could just kill  another person without a good reason.  I think mostly adults to young  adults would enjoy reading this book, because they can comprehend the  discrimination that is mentioned.  I highly do not suggest that younger  children read it, because it would be hard for them to understand many  points.  Overall this book is very interesting, but I suggest you give you  a good amount of time to read it."
"The book, To Kill a Mockingbird was an easy and very enjoyable book to read.  It was not complicated, although it had an intricate and deep meaning.  It was also a book that you could read for hours, because it is  very hard to tear yourself away from.  It was fun and enjoyable but also a  point to get across.  The most memorable moment in the book, and my  favorite, is when the main character, Scout, realizes the truth about a  character she has had a false opinion of for a long time.  She comes to the  conclusion that this character is really just there to help and care for  her, when for a long time she thought he was a danger to her.  It is a  heartwarming part and teaches everyone to take a closer look at those  around them.  All in all, this book is a good teacher and a fun book  to read.  I would recommend it to anyone. TKAM was a book that I would  recommend for any age group.  Although it is a fairly easy read, I think  any adult who hasn't read this book is missing out.  Also, because it is  easy and uncomplicated to read, younger readers are able to enjoy it."
"I loved the book To Kill a Mockingbird because it was so exciting. I didn't want to put it down because I couldn't wait to see what happened next. This book would appeal to people of all ages. I think everyone can relate to at least one of the characters or situiations. The plot of the  story was the most interesting to me because it never died down, but it  wasn't too complicated either. This book should be red by all audiences  because it is great and understandable from anyone's perspective."
"The book To Kill a Mockingbird was very well written about Pre-judgments. Pre-judgements are still very common in the world today.This book was very easy to read and was very understandable. I also liked the book  because it showed very many real life situations. What really stuck out to  me was the relationships that Atticus built with the black people. They  trusted Atticus in every way possible. Back then it was looked down upon to  be friends with black people, let alone defend them in a courtroom. Not  very many people believed it was right to be friends with black people.  Atticus, Jem, and Scout, didn't care what people said. They did what was  right in their hearts and that's all that matters.I think everyone  should read and enjoy this book at least once in their lifetime. It will  open and expand your mind about racism and pre-judgements."
"I rated To Kill a Mockingbird 5 stars. This book is the ""handbook"" on racism, sexism, and descrimination against social classes. I enjoyed this book due to the understanding level it was on. I  think because it was though the eyes of a young child they made it very  plain and comprehendable but because Scout was smart and intelligent,  Harper Lee could still use knowledge about a second grader's. I think this  book helps teenagers especially deal with the idea that racism and sexism  will never completely go away but that they can still deal with it to the  best of their ability.  I think the author definatly intended this book  for young adults. If a young child read this book, it would fly over their  heads and leave them with more questions than answers. The language is  inappropriate for most children but yet is understood by young adults. This  book helps teenagers in many ways."
"I would give the book 3.5 to 4 stars because it was truly fantastic book that I enjoyed, and it dealt with real life issues in history, but some cahpters do however drag on. I liked the book because of the real life  examples in history, it was about three kids growing up and that brought  back memories. It showed good examples of prejudice and point of view  changes. I would recomend this book to all ages, but there are some  chapters that may be offensive to some dealing with race, and social  ranking. Overall it was a good book about growing up, and I recomend anyone  to read it."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was a very enjoyable book.  Harper Lee created a phenomenal page turner.  It is hard to believe, however, that she wrote it over 40 years ago.  The novel's pacing, character development, and social  messages seem to have come from a background of thriller novels, action  movies, and cable television.  This is a tribute to the skills of Harper  Lee.The way the characters are introduced and woven into the storyline  was exhilarating.  The rarely seen Boo Radley, for example, is one of the  most important characters, even though he does not appear until the last  chapters of the book.  The author makes him a presence early on, through  the children's imaginations.  Boo remains in the reader's imagination from  that point.The trial scenes stuck out the most as being a memorable  part of the book.  The detail that Harper Lee used placed you in the  balcony with Jem, Scout, and the Reverend Sykes.  It made you feel like you  were right there, hoping the jury would correctly decide Tom Robinson's  fate.  The description of it all was even somewhat informational.There  is no one particular audience or age group for To Kill A Mockingbird.  It  is a great book for everyone who is old enough to read and understand it.  It is a classic novel that interests, excites, informs, and inspires its  readers."
"This novel was an excellent eye opener for me.  It helped me realize how people judge others so harshly.  I had never realized how unfair some issues are just because of someone's skin color or because they may be  different.  I recommend this book, being the eye opener that it was, to any  high school student looking for a book to really catch there attention and  to get them thinking.  In this novel the one thing that stuck out to me is  how people were so judgmental about everything that happened.  Everyone in  the whole town is judgmental about everyone and thing that happened.  For  one, this book can teach you things about the history of blacks and there  struggle through rough times in the south.  The details of hatred in this  book are so visible it really makes you see what people were treated like  back then.  The way these people are treated, makes you realize how lucky  you are.  Second, this opens your eyes to the world of parenting through  Atticus.  It helps you see how difficult it is to raise kids being a single  parent.  Atticus does a great job letting the kids realize for themselves  the facts of life.  Finally, I enjoyed this book because it was not too  complex.  Some people enjoy books that make you think and have very complex  plots.  Don't get me wrong this book makes you think but it is a little  more up front about the plot.  It tells you how it is and stills makes a  huge impact."
"I read this book when I was in high school.  I loved it!  It contains a fair mixture between fiction and history to make it both interesting and educational.  If you enjoy studying details of American history, such as  the Great Depression, racism, and the Ku Klux Klan, among others, this book  is great for you.  However, it doesn't entirely focus on history, making it  boring.  On the contrary, the author develops a great plot that uses  suspense, and a bit of mystery and passion, using historical events as a  mere basis. I strongly recomend this book to you all!"
"I have just finished this book for (I would estimate) the 12th time since it was originally published in 1960.  Its wonderment never ceases.  It's too bad, in a way, that Harper Lee never wrote another. On the other hand,  how do you improve on perfection?"
"I was stuck for something to read on a long train journey and my eyes alighted on this book, you know, one of those books i have always 'meant to read' but never got round to. I gave it a shot and didn't put the book down  for the whole journey, and most of the rest of the weekend. It is that  good. No doubt the plot (coming of age, racism, honour) will be known to  you, but it is written in such a simplistic way that it can't help to draw  you in. Take some time out of your day and read this book, you will feel  better for it and hey, you just might learn something about yourself..."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is an excellent novel about prejudice in the southern Alabama town of Maycomb in the 1930s.  Harper Lee shows prejudice with the trial of a black man in which a white lawyer, Atticus Finch (the  father of young Scout, from whom which the story is told), is appointed to  defend him. Tom Robinson, the black man being falsely accused of rape, and  the Finches' neighbor, Boo Radley (an outcast of the community and very  taciturn in nature) are the symbols in this novel.  In the beginning/middle  of the novel Atticus tells Scout and Jem (his children) never to shoot a  mockingbird. Jem questions why not and Atticus replies not to because  mockingbirds never harm any one or thing, they just sing beautiful music.  When Tom Robinson is convicted, it is symbolic of killing a mockingbird.  Later in the novel, Boo Radley must kill Bob Ewell because he tried to kill  Scout and Jem, however, the sheriff (Heck Tate) makes up a story that Bob  fell on his knife, because if he told the community that Boo had killed  him, it would have thrown Boo into the limelight and would have also been  like killing a mockingbird. I strongly suggest to read this book, it is a  wonderful novel."
of course this is a timeless classic of a home town life during the depression. this book is told from the first person persective of scout the youngest child.  her father atticus is a lawyer defending a black man in a  rape trial wich makes life for her and her brother jem even worse. read  this book and realize how they overcame the turbulances of life in this  small town.
of course this is a timeless classic of a home town life during the depression. this book is told from the first person persective of scout the youngest child.  her father atticus is a lawyer defending a black man in a  rape trial wich makes life for her and her brother jem even worse. read  this book and realize how they overcame the turbulances of life in this  small town.
"Harper Lee's book is so rich in so many ways that it is truly astounding.  I believe that Truman Capote -- a thinly disguised character, Dill -- played a large part in the evolution of the singular narrative voice  displayed here -- Lee and Capote were childhood friends -- but never mind.  With each reading this moving story sweeps you up, both in the lovely,  humorous tales of youth in a simpler time, and in the rush of the rape  trial, which confounds you with suspense and real grit.  The characters of  Atticus, Sout and Jem spring to life on the page -- these are people you  wish you knew.  But it is that overriding voice, spoken in soft, simple  tones, that pulls you in the most.  This is Southern writing at its most  appealing.  There is not a scene conjured up, a character created, or a  feeling engendered that does not feel utterly true."
"Although my sister had told me that she loved this book, I wasn't very enthusiastic when I first started reading it. I didn't think that I would find it very interesting. But after reading 15 pages or so, I was surprised  at how engaging the book was. Harper Lee narrates the story in a style that  is totally unpretentious yet very clever and sophisticated. She captures  the attitudes of the children in a way that is absolutely irresistible, and  she describes the world through the eyes of a six-year old with amazing  detail. The result is a sometimes hilarious and ultimately heart-warming  story that is never boring. I felt sad when I finished the book because I  felt I was leaving my best friends; I felt homesick."
"It is exceptionally rare for an author to capture what it is truly like to be a child, but Harper Lee makes it seem easy. Quite possibly one of the greatest books written, for anyone who has gone through the hardships of  growing up and realizing that the world is not as picturesque as you  originally thought. In other words - it's a great book for anyone."
"This is one of those rare books that could change the world if everyone would just read it.  Well written, funny, sweet, terrifying, poignant, and thought-povoking, Harper Lee's masterpiece is a mirror into the soul of  human nature."
"Those who liked this book should read Faulkner's Intruder in the Dust to see where the plot comes from. This is not an original story nor is it very deep. Atticus Finch is a good character but the story made a better vehicle  for Gregory Peck than it does a serious novel.This is one of those  books (like Catcher in the Rye) whose enduring popularity has always been a  puzzle to me. A simple story, simply told. So what? We don't learn anything  from it. And if one wants the real southern experience, stick with Faulkner  or Flannery O'Conner - or even Harry Crews. They are deeper, uglier and  more true than this perennial trifle."
"My book is ""The killing of Mockingbird"" by Harpern Lee.  This book is a story of a family withtwo kids one boy and girl.  They are brother and sister.  They live on a house in a small town. This town is so  small so everybody knows everything about ecah other and their family and  what is going on in their home.  As the Title says the killing of  Mockingbird which is a sin, if anybody ever kills a Mockingbird, it  considers as a big sin.  In this book the father of the kids, kills the  Mockingbird by accident and all of them get worry about that.  This book  talks about the curse they had.  It is a nice and intrusting novel to read.  This novel will introduce you with so many different kind of people, and  it will show u a totally different world and society and culture.  This is  a great book and I would like to recommend every one to read this book.  I  am sure that everyone would love to read this book.  When I first started  to read this book my intrust was keep on increasing every time. It was  making me to read more because the story of this book is like a mistry  story.  You will find yourself kind of exieted to know what is going to  happen next."
"Told from a child's point of view, Harper Lee tells of her own childhood in a small town, Maycomb. Despite its inhabitants who claim absolute faith in Christianity, they ostracise and judge others just because of their  different lifestyles and behaviour. Arthur (or Boo) Radley is one of those  who have suffered. He is deprived of his desperate attemps to communicate  with the outside world just because of a petty crime he committed as a  juvenile. Other mockingbirds include Dill, Mayella and Tom Robinson (whose  court case reveals the humanity, as well as, the ugliness in the town).  Hypocrisy, racism and growing up are the important themes emphasised.An  awesome read for all ages. One'll love and loathe the various characters.  Very heartwarming and painful memories shared..."
"I'm sorry but the book ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" was, in my opinion, a very boring book. I've noticed, while skimming through the reviews, a lot of people enjoyed this book. Frankly, I don't know how I could. I was bored to death reading it and the only reason I read it was  because it was assigned to us in my 10th grade english class. The only  interesting part in that book was when they were talking about that trial  for Tom Robinson. I was disappointed in this book and it seemed so exciting  but it turned out it was a bore."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a brilliant classic.  Itportrays the views of Harper Lee, who didn't believe in racism. Bywriting this story, she was taking a stand in her own way. I loved the clarity of the book and how it kept me excited, especially during the case. The title itself is very clever, as is the phrase used in the book by Scout Finch."
"Harper Lee's masterpiece ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a well written dramatic story about the life of a family growing up in a small Southeren town.  I just read it for my Sophmore English class and I loves  it.  It is by far my favorite book!"
I originally read this book back in junior high school and I loved it. I was in vacation awhile ago and was browsing in a bookstore and came across the book. So I picked it up and started to read it. I couldn't put it down  until i realized i had to have it in my adult collection.
"I was probably 12 years old then I read ""To Kill a Mocking Bird"" for the first time. I've read it in Russian, not knowing that Harper Lee a female, not knowing the laws and habits of southern population of States.  The book came out in 1964, the Cold War time and I think was a great  example for propaganda, that Americans are bad and discrimination in  America is a normal thing. But for 12 year/old all that was not so obvious.  I fell in love with a book and it became my table-book. For my Literature  classes I memorized parts and monologs, which was unusual choice of book in  Russian school. I brought that old Russian copy with me when my family came  to America. And now when I have both Russian and English copies I can  compare. I would recommend this classic book to any child or adult."
This was clearly one of the best books I ever read. I am a 8th grade student and I just love it. A definite must read. For children all ages.
"This is really an awesome book. We are currently reading it in my 9th grade english class, and I must say, To Kill A MockingBird is the best book I ever had to read for school. Usually teachers assign stupid books that we  will never pick up again, so I was really surprised that this book turned  out to be so good. What's ironic is that I've had this book for quite a  while now but never got around to reading it. I'm so glad I did. And  somehow I can relate to Scout. I just wish I had a brother like Jem.  Anyway, the first chapter of the book was boring, but the rest is  wonderful. Unlike most people, who prefer action books, I like books that  tell more about the characters lives and family and everything, and this is  one of the few books that could provide this for me. Read it now--you won't  be able to put it down!"
This book was one I was required to read through my high school.  I usually dont enjoy reading bnooks that I amm assigned to but in this case I LOVED IT!  It was full of emotion and friendships that I could totally  relate to.  Harper Lee is a genius and this book is a complete classic
To Kill a Mockingbird was one of the most profound novels I have ever read in my life.  It is wonderfully constructed and the two plots merge together wonderfully. I highly recommend this book for anyone over eighth grade.  A  book that can be read over and over again.
"I'm in 9th grade, and I read this book for Pre-AP English. I thoroughly enjoyed it, and intend to read it. It expresses childhood and Southern life very well. Read it!"
"I'm a German exchange student in high school, reading it in my English class and I find it to be excellent.  Its nice to learn about early times in America and compare them to present times as being something unknown to  me.  The story enthralled me and it kept my interest.  This is an excellent  book that I have found delightful and informative to read."
"I am a tenth grader at Messalonskee High School in a college prep english course for my grade. Part of my class grade is represented by this summary of To Kill a Mockingbird, a part of the book that most people miss.  In chapter 10 a mad/rabid dog comes to Maycomb County named Tim Johnson. In  this chapter there is a lot of symbolism representing Maycomb County as a  whole. In the first chapter of the book there is a description of the town  as being a weary, tired old town. People mope around going from store to  store at a slow pace. Everything is moving in a very slow pace and it is  very signifigant to how much symbolism occurs between chapter 10 and 1. As  (tired, old, rabid) Tim Johnson mopes along the old streets of Maycomb,  this is where the symbolism occurs. He is infected with the rabies virus.  It says in chapter 10 that he is moving in a straight line, not a  care in the world where he is going. He is moving slow and steadily. He is  dangerous because he is infected with this virus. He is moving at a  nauseating crawl. My teacher pointed this out to us in our class. I just  wanted to let others know who are reading this book, about this, so they  can see the technique of writing that Harper Lee has.  She describes  old Tim Johnson as being liver colored. This is a sick color kind of  reddish like the color of the roads of Maycomb County. Tim Johnson himself  represents all of Maycomb county as a whole. The sick minds of people, for  ex. the prejudices of the towns people. He is going crazy because of  rabies. The town has  began to get crazy as the trial of Tom Robinson is  coming up. There is a lot of symbolism throughout this whole entire book.  This summary is for people who have already read this book and are looking  back to see the most important aspects of the story. This is one of them."
This book was great.... I had to read it for english class and I could not but it down....
"A much beloved classic among modern American novels, Harper Lee's only book is truly an exciting and thoughtful reading experience! Those kids are so funny and real and the town of Maycomb comes alive in your head (Maycomb is actually the small Alabama town of Monroeville fictionalized). The character of Dill is based on Lee's childhood friend Truman Capote!This book gave me a wonderful sense of what the South was like during the depression and I loved the author's illustrious descriptions: Nehi soda , the Chinaberry trees, Collard patches etc.  The character of Aunt Alexandria was never seen in the movie, but she's a welcome addition to the story as is the dope addicted Miss Dubose (who's seen all to briefly in the film version) Lee is such a gifted writer that it's a shame that this is her sole entry in the world of literature."
"I just finished the book ""To Kill A Mockingbird""for my 8th grade Honors Language Arts class. Throughout the story, I enjoyed how Mrs. Harper Lee described all the characters and their actions in detail. This story  really relates to all kids old and small. It had a humourous feel at  sometimes as well as having some good morals and lessons taught. It tells  people in this time how blacks were treated unreasonably and how you should  treat everyone as and equal and work hard to get what you want to be a  respected individual. It also shows how kids a lot of the time can be  curious and that kids also know more than they are taken to know. I hope  you will give this book a try because I know people of all ages will enjoy  it!"
"I loved this book, both for it's appeal as a tale of what it was like to be a child and for its portrayal of how ordinary people can be sucked into the abyss of racism."
"This is one of my all time favorite book as well as my favorite movie.  I think that those of us who have read the book love the fact that narrator as well as one of the main characters is a little girl named Scout.  The  story is seen through her eyes and this makes the book more enjoyable as  well as easy to understand.  Sometimes she's funny and witty, other times  she's very intelligent and through out the story she's just trying to  understand the world around her.  Atticus Finch, Scouts father, is a  wonderful character because he shows his love and respect for  his children  as well as for everyone else.  He shows he has moral values rather than  social ones when he defends a black man being accused of having raped a  white women.  This shows that no matter how bad or how wrong things are,  there is always someone willing to stand up for what they believe, and that  there are good people  in the world.  This took alot of courage on  Atticus's part considering they lived in the South.  And although he loves  both his children dearly, he seems to have a special bond with Scout.  He  teaches her that a person doesn't really understand someone else until  they've walked in their shoes.  That is excellent advice no matter who you  are or how old.  What is also highly interesting, and  very original to  this story, is the mystery behind Boo Radley.  He's one of the main  characters in the story yet he never really appears in person.  In the  first half of the story the children talk so much about him that they make  jokes and at some points make him sound like a monster, not knowing that in  the end he's the one who saves the day. I believe that what I love the most  of this story is that it isn't a love story or an action/adventure kind of  story, but one that tells the experiences that all of us can learn from.  They're experiences we see happen sometime in our lives.  Justice and  injustice, prejudice in the society we live in, and courage and respect for  other human beings.  Anyone and everyone can relate and learn from this  story, this is why it's a wonderful story for anyone to enjoy."
"I THINK THE WHOLE STORY WAS ALL GOOD , BUT I NEVER GOT WHY THEY FOUND ALL THAT STUFF IN THE TREE."
The book was not good the only reason I read it was because in my ninth grade english class we had to read twenty-five pages a night many people like it but I dont see why.
"When my husband and I moved 3 years ago, we moved over two tons of books (according to the moving company).  Of all of these, Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is the one that I would save if the house was on  fire.  This is THE book that reminds me why books are written--not merely  to tell an entertaining story, but to encourage the reader to see the world  through the eyes of someone else.  The story is probably the best teacher  of the ugliness of racisim--in a very quiet and yet powerful way.  The real  power of the story for me, however, is the bond that I feel with Scout each  time I read the book.  Like Scout, I too equate reading and breathing, and  believe that the school system should have held more than several years of  boredom.  I cannot praise this book enough.  If there was an Atticus  Finch/Boo Radley fan club, I would hope to be the president (or at least  the club historian.)  Please read this book."
"What can I say?  This is one of my favorite books of all time.  I read it first in 4th grade, and it was confusing, but good.  I still read it today and love it more than ever.  Intense at parts, with excellent courtroom  scenes, it is a book you never want to end.  You come to love Scout, Jem,  Atticus and Cal.  If you are looking for a wonderful book to read, read  this."
"I was pleasantly surprised after I read the book.  The world seen through the eyes of a child is so simple, yet so complex.  The book also illustrated the power of perception.  When many people enact reality in a  similar way, without second thoughts as to whether there are alternative  perspectives to the ""reality"" they are seeing, it can create a  destructive force."
"I am a 7th grade student and I read this book in 5th grade. It hit me with the full force and impact a good book has on you. This is my all time favorite book! I have it on tape and listen it every night. I have listened  to it so much that I can now finish the characters sentences! The book is  written in a Southern Alabama town through the eyes of an eight year old  child who is unable to understand the true meaning of what is happening but  gives you (the reader) the whole story. This is a book that touches your  soul. I read it in one day and was at the time unable to comprehend the  full meaning, but even then as I put the book down, I knew it was one of  the best books I had ever read. Now at age 12 and a great deal more able to  understand the book I know that my instinct at 10 was corect and this is by  far one of the best books I have ever read and will ever read. I am only  too sorry Harper Lee has not written more novels."
"this book was intensly boring in the begining, but as the end came, i desired more pages to keep the story going. Harper Lee did a great job  defining each character individualy, and bringing you closer to scout and  her pionts of views."
"I have read this book about a month ago and loved it!  I have never read a better book in my life.  I recommend this book to anyone, young or old,  that is looking for a touching story about growing up. :)"
"This charming story is told through the eyes of a litttle girl in Alabama during the depression. While the core plot revolves around the trial of  black man accused of assaulting a white woman, there are actually a host of  themes: prejudice, isolation, fear, class struggle, education and race. The  hero of the book is Atticus, a kind of Ward Cleaver of the South. Atticus  is the soft-spoken lawyer, the father of the narrator, who maintains his  composure while others are giving in to irrational impulses like revenge or  murder. His self-control and ability to empathize with others are the  shining lights of this book. In an age when boorish self-expression is the  dominant cultural model, the gentle compassion and wisdom of Atticus Finch  remind us of another way."
"To Kill A Mockingbird deals with large world issues while just talking about a little girl in Maycomb.  I as a sixth grader couldn't put it down,  and I entend to read it again when I'm older, because I think I will get  something different out of it.  This book made me cry because of our  wourlds unfairness, and laugh simply because Scout and Jem were cute and  lovable.  I recomend this to anyone and everyone who enjoys fiction."
"To kill a mockingbird was a really good book. It is a book that, though I had heard a lot about, I had never had the chance to read. I was glad that I got the opportunity to read a book that interested me in a classroom setting. This story takes place in the early nineteen-thirties (coming out of the great depression) in a small (fictitious) town called Maycomb located in Southern Alabama. The novel's plot revolves around the lives of Scout, the narrator looking back on her childhood, her brother Jem and Atticus their father. The book tells how these children, growing up in an extremely prejudiced old southern town learn from their father how important it is to show compassion to all and be people of conscience. Another main figure in the book is the town scare and scapegoat Boo Radley. Boo was put away in his own house to be kept prisoner by his parents and brother for many years. Naturally the people of the town not understanding the whole Radley family's introverted and sometimes odd ways are cruel and prejudiced against them especially Boo when the truth is Boo hadn't ever hurt anyone and didn't deserve the unkind treatment he was receiving by both his family and the town. The children, Jem and Scout were taking part, to some degree, in this talk and gossip against the Radley's but as the book progressed they realized that Boo really wasn't a creepy bad person at all, but a person just like them with a heart and feelings. They realized that like the mockingbirds in the trees he was there only to help and not hurt and by gossiping and making fun they hurting an innocent thing who needed compassion and care instead of cruelty. They found in the end that he was their friend and that one truly can't judge by appearances. This book was a good lesson on human nature, showing both the positive and negative side of how we treat people. It was a very moving story and I enjoyed it thoroughly."
"To kill a Mockingbird is a wonderful book.  I recommend it to people of all ages.  This book illustrates two main motifs.  One is the need for compassion and the other is the courage and conscience.  One of the main character in to kill a mockingbird is Boo Radly.  In the begging of the book he was made out to be an evil, scary, mean man.  All the kids were scared of him and thought he was a mysterious man.  The kids started finding things in a hole in a tree that was right next to the radley house.  This shows that he is watching the kid's and likes them.  They later come to realizes that boo is there friend and he is not a mean man he is a trapped nice man.  The kids learn to like Boo and this illustrates the need for compassion. Later in the book Atticus, that is scout and Jems dad has to defend Tom robinsion, which is a black man that is on trial for rap on a white woman.  They go to trial and tom is found guilty even though by the evidence he is clearly innocent but the people are so racist that they don't even look at the evidence they just find him guilty.  Jem does not understand the concept of racism and he is confused by the whole trial.  After the trial bob Ewell is mad at Atticus because he defended tom and made him look bad.  Bob is trying to get revenge so he goes after Jem and scout with a knife he ends up getting killed and boo is the one that saved Jem and scout.  This shows that boo cares and illustrates the main motif, the need for compassion.  This book is a great book for all ages and really illustrates the to main motifs, the need for compassion and courage and conscience.  The main symbol in this book is the mocking bird.  Examples of this symbol is boo and tom.  They both did nothing to hurt anybody but people are trying to hurt them.  This is wrong and and immoral.  This was a great book I enjoyed it a lot."
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is an excellent novel that is told from the view of a young girl.  Her name is Jean Louise Finch, but they call her Scout; and she is just beginning first grade as the story begins.  Her mother died before she ever really knew her, so this left her father Atticus Finch and their cook Calpurnia watching out for Scout and her older brother Jem Finch.  They live in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama.  The story begins in the summer of 1933 and ends on Halloween night of 1935.  At this time the majority of the town is racially prejudice.  Scout and Jem are learning from their father how to treat others, and they are gradually maturing from the beginning to the end.  In part one of the book, Scout, Jem, and their friend Dill are trying to get their neighbor, Boo Radley, to come out and play.  Boo is a grown man that is kept inside their house and isn't ever let out.  When Boo was a teenager he got in trouble, and his father locked him inside the house.  After Boo's father died, Boo's older brother Nathan Radley comes and takes their father's place.  Nobody ever sees Boo, but the kid's gossip describes him as mean and ugly.  The kid's attempts are not successful for getting Boo to come out.  In part two of the book, Tom Robinson, a local black man, is accused of raping Mayella Ewell.  Mayella is the nineteen-year-old daughter of Bob Ewell.  Bob is a poor farmer who makes no attempt to live with dignity.  He spends his state relief checks on liquor and often abuses his children.  When school starts his children go for the first day and don't ever go back for the rest of the year.  They live right next to the town dumpsters and they have a garbage filled yard.  Judge Taylor assigns Atticus Finch to be Tom's lawyer, because he knows that Atticus is the only lawyer that has compassion for black people.  Atticus fulfills his job to the highest of his ability even though the consequence from it is almost unbearable for him and his kids.  This was a wonderful novel that I would recommend to anybody. The first thing you will learn from it is the need for compassion and understanding.  The second thing it will teach you is the need for conscience and courage.  This novel shows how people really treat others, and it teaches people how they should treat others."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was one of the best books I've ever read.  This story does a number of things to you at the same time.  It educates you as far as how things went back in times when blacks and whites were seperated and were enemies.  It also takes you through the life of a young girl and gives you a view of the world from an innocent child's eyes. The only flaw in the book is that the author takes her knowledge of the vocabulary and instills it in an eight year old girl.  There are two main themes in the book.  The first is the need for compassion.  This is the most important, and is mentioned several times throughout the book.  Atticus is Scout's(the narrarator and main character) father and he is constantly reminding his children not to discriminate or make fun of anyone else unless you have ""been in their shoes.""  The second theme is the need for conscience.  Atticus is the local town lawyer and he takes a case defending a black man, knowing that he won't win.  He has a good, clear conscience and wants his children to be proud of him as well as be like him.  This book makes you not want to put it down because there is action in every chapter.  I would definetly recommend this book to anyone who has a spare $6 to spend.  The end of the book goes like this.....  Wait a minute, if I told you then there wouldn't be a point in you reading it.  I guess you'll just have to read it for yourself and find out."
"To Kill a Mockingbird has always conjured up the image of Gregory Peck in the courtroom.  Not that I have anything against courtroom dramas, but I always wondered what the fuss was about.  Now I can only say that I really wish I had read this book as a teenager, even though it was still a wonderful read for this 40-something year old.It is an eloquent testimony to growing up in the South during the depression.  However, unlike so many ""Southern"" novels, this isn't a depressing book.  Tough, difficult things happen but the reader comes away inspired.  It reminded me a little bit of Angela's Ashes.  Perhaps this feeling derives from the narrator being a child but it works.I won't bore you with the plot.  Simply said, this is a classic for good reason.  It has lots to say and it says with style and grace.  It also has enough plot to be chosen by the International Mystery Booksellers Association as one of the 100 best mysteries of the 20th century."
"I am 14 years old and a student attending Franklin Learning Center. This book was a great book to read. I found it real inspiring and very exciting. All the fun and excitement seemed to lead more on also and made me feel like I can join the story anytime I was ready. Just jump in and be prepared for a lot of twist and turns. I found the book to be a real good read and I rarely say that about any book. It was one of the few classics that I read that I ended up liking. A lot of people may say that this book was a really boring book or that they couldn't get into it, but let me tell you, this was a n amazing book to really get in to. You have truth and fiction all in one book. Now I think I'm ready to see the movie because the book was that good. I hope you, the next reader, will enjoy it to."
"In the late 1930s, the quiet town of Maycomb, Alabama awakens to a divisive trial that reveals fierce intolerance and tests the strength of a family.  The novel's narrator is Scout, an earnest young tomboy and daughter of the town lawyer, who documents her childhood and how it has been irrevocably shaped by a court case her father was assigned one summer. Beyond the court case, however, we find several sub-plots that help shape the characters into who they are by the end of the story.  One of those sub-plots being, Scout and her brother Jem's continued interest in their neighbor Boo(Arthur) Radley.  Boo Radley was not just a neighbor to Scout and Jem, he was an enduring fascination, an unsolved mystery, and a hero. By examining the relationships between the children, Boo and the other characters, one gets a glimpse of life in a small southern town, with all of its intricacies."
"--I just recently read this book and i must say i am very delighted that i did.  I have meant to read it for a few years now, but never had the chance.  Not knowing exactly what it was about except for the rape of a white girl and the charge of a black man it sounded like ""a time to kill"" to me, but it is anything but that book.i found myself laughing at this novel because of Lee's quick wit and clever characters.  Calpurnia i found made me laugh the most.  She was so blunt and hard on the children and always had something smart to say to them.Beginning the book i thought the two children were boys.  Lee never mentions (or at least i didn't notice) that Jean was was a girl.  They called her scout and she didn't want to seem like a girl when she played with Dill and Jem.  I was pretty amazed to find out she was a girl and i loved the way she acted. Always wanting to follow her older brothers lead and wanting to marry dill.Boo Radley (the scary man that haunts the town of Maycomb, who never leaves his house and might be dead) fueled the beginning of the book.  Lee writes amazingly about children and their comical antics.  It reminded me of the way i used to be.While the town of Maycomb thought Atticus (the children's father) was not fathering his children right, i came to love him.  His sence of reasoning and hearing each of the children out before making any rash decisions.  He was always so calm no matter what happened and could never be seen without reading. he was an intelligent man that the town should have looked up to instead of looking down on him.  He let his children do what they wanted, but for their own good.  With this freedom the children could learn right from wrong (of course with guidance) and be who they wanted.To Kill a Mockingbird is also about the hypocrisy that faces us.  During the middle of the book it is brought to Scout's attention by her teacher that it is wrong to kill Jews because they are so law abiding, faithful and help out their communities so well, but Scout wonders why her teacher could feel this way about Jews and not feel this way about blacks.This novel reaffirmed my appreciation for how far we have come with civil rights.  The book does not only deal with this, but it is a strong vaild point.  In order to get where we are now (and we still have a long way to go) we needed people in communities like Atticus who would take the looks and stares from his neighbors in order to defend what he thought was right.  He defended a black man when the town said he shouldn't have just so he was able to look in his children's eyes.  He wanted them to see that everyone is equal and sometimes the right thing is the hardest thing to do.OVERALL:  To kill a mockingbird is a novel everyone should read.  Its wit and humor make the message of this book even more brighter to see.  While i did not find this book suspensful till the end (which i must add had a GREAT ending) i found myself wanting to turn each page because i was enjoying myself while reading about the city of Maycomb.  Lee makes you feel as though you live right next to the Fitch's and are sitting on your portch watching the summer days go by."
"To kill a mocking bird is a fantastic story about a little ordinary girl that lives in a small southern town with the name Jean-louise Finch. The book is like her diary and she tells us everything that is going on in her life. Jean -louise is also known as Scout and has an older brother called Jem that she spend most of the days with. Her father (also known as Atticus) is a successful lawyer that has a difficult time raising the children alone since his wife died after scout was born. Scout is an intelligent and clever girl that likes to learn and therefore knew the alphabet and how to read in an early age with the help of her House -made called Calpurnia. Scout is more of a boy because she hates skirts and dresses like the other girls at school always wear. She loves fighting and does many naughty things with her brother that Atticus and Calpurnia dislike like when Scout and Jem visit the huge, scary and dangerous house  with  the weird man living in it. The climax or the high point in the book is probably the trial (which includes Atticus and Mayella) that takes place near the end of the book but there are many incidents that happen before this that scout experience.The book is very well written because there is not a single moment in the book were nothing is happening. There are many exciting incidents with unexpected endings and you just cant put the book down because you are all the time curious of what is going to happen next to the little girl. The beginning was maybe a bit boring but when you pass the first two pages the excitement begins. I compared my life when I was as small as her to scout's life and it is quite similar because I was also like boy and always wanted to be like my brothers. This book has everything that a book should have: kindness, love, cruelty, excitement, humour, and frightening moments. I really enjoyed reading this book and I recommend it to everyone that likes to read because this is a book for all ages. The language in ""To kill a mocking bird"" is not too difficult so young children that are able to read can read it and enjoy it as much as a teenager and a grown up can."
"To kill a mockingbird takes place in Macomb, Alabama. Maycomb is a quiet, innocent little town until one day when a Blackman raped a white woman. You follow the life Scout Finch, who is the young girl, she has a brother Jem, and their father is called Atticus and he is a lawyer. Their mom died when Scout and Jem were both young; therefore, Atticus have a black nanny called Calpurnia employed, who helps raising the children. During the book Atticus have to defend a Blackman, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a white woman, Mayella Butch, and in the times of the 1930ies a Blackman's word is worth nothing against a white man's. The Finch's has neighbour called Boo Radley, who Scout and Jem find quite scary and evil. But as the children get older and wiser they start to see things from other points of views and develop more understanding about.After a couple of long pages the book became better and better. Things got placed where they belonged and you could feel how the life in Maycomb was like. I liked the description as I went along, it's not too short, so you don't understand anything, and at the same time not to long, so you don't fall asleep and the choice of word is thought-thorugh (as Lee went over it over and over again) but not to complicated. As the book discusses serious racial issues you see the view of it from two sides, one from the majority of the people in Maycomb and one from Scouts father, Atticus. Atticus is several times accused of being a ""niggerlover"", but he tells his children not to bother about it. Atticus is my own favourite characters because he has got a character, he has everything under control and keeps ""cool"" all the time. Every once in a while there is small things happening to the main characters that is nothing really special, but on a second though it teaches the reader about something.  about the characters in Maycomb, or about how they are in there minds. And of course, as usual, the book is better than the movie. I think the book is a very well written book and I would recommend it to anyone that has some spare time to dedicate to a work of art."
"There isn't a person in this courtroom who hasn't done an immoral thing, no one who hasn't told a lie and no man who hasn't looked upon a woman  without desire. To me this paragrath made the book."
When I had first started reading To Kill A Mokingbird I though it would be very boring until I hit chapter two.This book had so much influence on  another way to look at the world. It also showed how hard it was to live  when you were friends with an African American during that time. The book  gave an idea on how childern survived their conflicts and problems with  their father. I strongly recomend this book and it is very emotional to  read. Check It Out!
"This is my favorite fiction & the movie was almost as well done.  I have read it so many times that I have lost count.There are so many  important issues addressed through the eyes of an innocent young girl  living in a small town in the south; racism in the 30's being one of the  most critical but also tolerance & understanding of differences in  others such as socioeconomic level, mental illness and personality traits.This is a book to read over & over again; learning each time  something new about mankind, both good & bad & how best to live as  a human being.  I believe you can discover something different at different  stages of your own life as you view the world differently with new  experiences so I would recommend it at each new stage or decade of your  life.I did not want this story to end and was sad that an author of  Harper Lee's talent hadn't written another book.  The characters are so  vivid that the readers may begin to feel that he knows & loves Scout  & her family like I have.  Even if you aren't looking for a book  addressing the above issues, it has all the elements of an exciting  novel...suspense, drama, humor, a bit of romance, a trial, murder,  compassion, love & mystery.  All that & it is completely wholesome  too!Enjoy this wonderful book!"
ITS A GREAT BOOK! hARPER lEE IS AN EXCELLENT WRITER! EACH SENTENCE IN THIS STORY SEEMS TO HAVE A HIDDEN MEANING THAT U SHOULD FIGURE OUT! GO GET THE  BOOK AND READ IT!
The book was one of the best books I have ever read! Harper Lee is right. You never fully underdstand a person until you see it from their point of view. I encourage everyone to read this book. This book has taught me a lot  about people in general.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a timeless classic of Racism and childhood. A must read for anyone from 13-100!
Just read it-you'll see
"But I think someone needs to hear both opinions. I read this book because I heard it was so good, a classic, etc. In fact, I was less than impressed. It was slow, and at certain parts I found myself wanting to skip ahead or  even stop reading it. If you have any idea that this book is about racism  and the unfairness of our courts, you will be dissapointed when you wait  through half the book just to get to the five or six chapters dealing with  the actual case. Most of this book is the story or Scout and her family,  and doesn't make for what I call a gripping novel."
"If trapped on a deserted island with only two books with me, this would be one of them. I first read this book in 5th grade and it became on instant favorite for me. If you don't have this book, get it. It belongs on  everyones bookcase."
"This is the best book I have ever read. It kept me interested the whole way. Harper Lee did a great job with this masterpiece. The characters Jem, Scout, Atticus, Boo, and so one, are so real and are easy to relate to. The  mystery of Boo Radley was exciting, and the drama with Atticus in the court  room was heartbreaking. This book was excellent and I would definitely  recommend this book to anybody out there."
"I can't believe some people think that the descrption, character development and the characters are boring in this novel! This is so incredibly well written-and to those of you that say it's not ""well  researched"" Harper Lee based it on her father, who was a lawyer. He  must've provided her so much ""research""! What disturbs me is the  students' reaction to this book. Here's a tip: You might not like this book  because it's too ""slow"" but wait a couple of years, reread it,  then you might be ashamed that you could ever found this book  ""boring"""
"I remember the first time that I had read this novel for a class of mine in high school. I thought that it was going to be boring, yet what I found was completely the opposite. The time period that Lee sets her story is  what makes this novel different. It is the early part of the 20th Century,  a time where prejudice could influenced the fate of an individual in the  U.S. courts. The ignorance of people concerning issues of race and class  are clearly acknowledged. The simplicity of its diction as well as s  narration from Scout's perspective create an atmosphere of childhood  nostalgia. Overall, it's a book that dares to address societal taboos."
"I have read and re-read To Kill a Mockingbird about 5 times.  Each time I find something new to enjoy.  I was stationed in the Air Force in the south in 1951, and can relate to small-town southern living.  Jem, Scout, and Boo  Radley were wonderful characters.  The racial conflict and the reluctance  to give up prejudice in the face of facts was excellently portrayed.  The  younger  readers should re-read it as they get older, and they will  discover more to be interested in.  I know I did."
"I recently finished To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. The book is set in a time when racial discrimination was a huge problem and is based in finding justice despite the barriers racism presented. I found the plot a  little slow for my liking, and parts of it did not make much sense. However  the characters were easy to relate to and likeable which made it a bit  faster to read.  The book starts out in summer with the main  characters, Jem and Scout, who are siblings. For quite a while I was not  sure where the plot was going, if it was going anywhere. I kept expecting  something big and dramatic to happen. Unfortunately, the excitement took a  while to kick in so the first third of the book was really slow. The book  plods along through fights at school, petty family disagreements, class  discrimination, and a neighborhood tall tale. Even now that I am finished  reading it, these events have little to no relevance to the rest of the  story and do not make much sense. Finally, emotions start to stir when Tom  Robinson, a black man from the black side of town, goes through a grueling  trial for rape.  Thankfully there is a saving grace, for many reasons,  the characters spark my interest. Harper Lee explains their little quirks  to a tee which I like. I find them easier to relate to this was. Jem,  Scout, and their father, Atticus, are the only one's in the novel that are  not racist. Due to the abundance of other discriminant characters, the  Finch family is even more enjoyable in the book than they would be in the  1990's.  To Kill a Mockingbird is worth reading because it teaches a  very important lesson about racism and humanity. It could be condensed  though, which would make it an easier read. All in all, it was long, but  had a good theme and interesting characters. I recommend this book to  people who like to spend good quality time reading."
I really loved reading this book.  It teaches you alot of things about humanity and how children grow.
"My mother forced me to read this book, and I'm so glad she did.  This book was great.  The meaning of the book goes way beyond the rape trial, so I suggest that if you didn't like it, read it again!  It will make more  sense.  I recommend this book to everyone."
"I started reading this book because I heard so much about it. It sounded interesting - the south, racism, a murder trial. It seemed to have potential. The beginning was o.k... After 50 pages I started wondering  where was the ground breaking story? why should I care about any of the  characters? This book is so boring! Nothing is going on. Until you get to  the trial piece, you have to go through pages and pages about Atticus's  childrens' lives which have no relevance to the supposedly main idea -  racism in the south. All those descriptions that are supposed to be  annecdotes don't support or shed any light on the main plot and are frankly  boring. Even the characters that had potential like Boo Radley or Atticus  were poorly written. Does anyone have any idea why this book even won a  Pulitzer?!?! If you want to read a really good book about life in the south  why not ""the color purple"" or even ""A time to kill?""  this is not a masterpiece. I don't know how this bad book on such an  important subject ever got published in the first place."
"I am 40 years old and the first time I read this book was in high school.  The last time I read the book was 6 months ago.  I think the total number of times I have read Harper Lee's classic has now reached 15!  People who  adore reading think I am crazy for re-reading a novel so many times.  I,  too, enjoy reading and when I want to revisit a classic story with classic  characters I always go back to Harper Lee's novel.  While writing this I am  already envisioning my 16th trip through the book!"
"To Kill A Mocking Bird is a great book.  It showed howAfro-Americans were treated unfairly in that time.  Tom was accused ofbeating and raping a girl but all the evidence was pointing away from him.  The book was good because it kept you on your toes, you never knew what would be next."
"I am in 9th grade, and unlike the majority of people my age who have read this book, I read it because I chose to.  I had heard so many times how wonderful it was, so I got a copy and began reading.  The beginning I liked  because I recognized the excellant writing and anticipated a great story  later on.  200 pages later I was still waiting for anything interesting to  happen and keep happening.  Individual segments were good, but just when I  was beginning to get interested the plot shifted to something entirely  different.  The writing and description were great, but even the best  writing has to have a decent plot to describe.  At the end of the book I  found that I really didn't care about any of the characters, exept possibly  Atticus.  All in all I can see the appeal of this book for people who value  description above plot.  It did paint an admirable picture of life in the  South in the early part of this century, but this alone cannot make a 281  page book worth reading.  Perhaps with a better plot this would become a  truly exellent book, but until that time it will remain in my mind an  uninteresting, well written piece of literature."
"""To Kill a Mockingbird"" written by Harper Lee was a very intriguing and engrossing novel of the early childhood life of a brother and sister in a small town in the south.  I felt the book expressed  many questions  about peoples actions and also conscience questions that as  the book went on were answered.  It touched on racism in America at that  time.  Religion and how the blacks worshiped God was also tied in with the  book.  ANd another thing that Lee did very well was the way she setup her  characters and used her characters to show the reader particular  ""lessons to be learned"".  I conclusion I felt Lee did a very  ggod job on setting up the certain aspects of the story and then going  through and concluding the whole story.  It was a well paced reading and it  told a classic of a story.  What every teenagers in America should read."
I just finished reading of Lee` s book in a very  good czech translation. I admire her abbility to see the life and relations through the eyes of a eight year old girl. It has a lot to say to people even in our country.
"This is probably one of the top ten books ever written.  It covers so much and all through a way that Miss Lee seemed to master.  I have read it 3 times and it never gets old and each time I read it I pick up something new  I never noticed before. This is also a book both for parent and  child(appropriate for older kids however).  It teaches so much, everyone  should read it once."
This book is really literature at its best. I really have enjoyed it the past five or six times that I've read.
"Lee describes in her book the situation in the  South. She critizises racism , but is also able  to tell us stories about mood and and teh relationship to the father. It's a must to read!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the very be books I have ever read.  I read it in 7th grade just for a story line, but as a sophomore in high school, I read it again and realized all the symbolism involved.  The  characters are so broad.  The lesson Lee preaches will stay with you for  life.  I would reccomend this book to anyone who is looking for a good  novel."
"My class read this book in fifth grade... I'm now in ninth.  When I first saw the thickness of the book, I thought it would be boring, but it ended up becoming one of my absolute favorite books.  I would recommend this to  anyone!"
"This rating regards only the binding of the book. I prefer buying nice, hardcover books as I treasure them and like to keep them. This book has very poor binding, the edges of the pages are different sizes, and they appear zig-zagged. (This refers to the hardcover edition)."
"The Book, To Kill A Mocking Bird is pretty good once you get to the racial disscussions, but the author give too much information about the charactors and not enough on the acutal event."
"""...and our neighbors image blurred with my sudden tears.""(Lee,pg.270) Some may wonder why Scout came around with tears,but Harper Lee knew exactly what she was saying.In her book To Kill A  Mockingbird she really tried to get her readers to think and this is one  incident. Harper Lee is a talented writer, and if you've seen the move and  didn't like it then read the book because that is far more better. The book  mentions many things that the movie does not. To Kill A Mockingbird is a  book that adults young and old would enjoy. I had to read the book for  school and when I thought that I would turn out to hate it was then that I  turned out to love it. To Kill A Mockingbird is a very great book about how  a brother and sister live through their childhood, and about how they  mature as time goes on. If you haven't read To Kill A Mockingbird I'd  advise that you d because I know that you will love it."
"Having lived in the South several times now, I can relate to nearly every character in this book.  I laugh out loud every time I read the part about Atticus and Miss Maudie having ""an arm waving conversation"" and I  laugh even harder when I read about Miss Stephanie, the gossip who always  ""by the time she had told it twice had been there and seen it  all"".The Book has a very interesting plot and it leads up to a  powerful climax and then dwindles back down to normalcy, like real life."
"This book has been required reading in High Schools for years. My experience is that school actually demotivates people from wanting to read. How many of us can relate with the feelings of never wanting to read  another book after high school. When grades are the motivation to read,  people search for the cliff notes and or look for reviews in Encyclopedias.  In my High School English class, grades were given on the basis of how many  books one read. If you read 8-10 you received an A. The problem was that  after knowing one was going to get an A, all reading stopped. Reading is  supposed to be done for the joy of it. I hear the word boring used a great  deal when reviewing a book. I know so many kids who end up hating reading  because they received a poor grade. The classics including To Kill a  Mockingbird are challenging books. I would never use boring as an adjective  to describe a book however."
"Through the narration of young Scout, this is an easy read to uncovering hidden truths within the realms of the human condition.  Lee's descriptions and style of writing touches the heart of the reader and allows him to come  to terms with all his senses: you feel as though you too are on the search  for Boo, you hear the silence in the court room, you can almost taste the  flakes of snow melting in your mouth, you can hear the awful sound of the  struggle between an evil man and a good boy... you realize what it means to  hold the hand of someone you feared as a child but realize has loved you  always.  You realize what it means to be human.  Exquisite!"
I am an avid reader and would recommend this book to anyone. I could not put it down until the very end. This book is touching and inspiring. The attitude of never giving up even when everything seems hopeless.
"To Kill a Mockingbird was one of the few school books that I really enjoyed.  It was a little hard to understand when I first started it, mainly because of the southern accent, and the widespread characters, but  the book transmitted such a clear and precise meaning and definition of  human society and our depiction of certain individuals, that it hooked me  by the second chapter.  This book was different than the others that I have  read in the past because of it's clear preception of ourselves."
"I had heard so many great things about this book I decided to read it.I was absolutely stunned!I couldn't put it down.The characters were incredibly real.Scout was especially realistic,and was very easy to relate  to.  This book has a little of everything in it.It is  funny,interesting,enticing,and emotional.It also displays discrimination in  the South in an excellent way.I think anyone who likes reading would enjoy  this awesome book,so I recommend you to give it a shot!!!!"
"To Kill A Mocking Bird is one of the best books I've ever read.In many ways,I could relate to Scout,beacause my father is a lawyer.Her inocence is compelling.Harper Lee could not have picked a better character to tell the  story of her life,Tom Robinson's end,the end of a man who didn't really  diserve to live,and the missunderstanding of Boo Radley.I would reccomend  this book to anyone who wants to read a truly wondrful book."
"In my opinion, the greatest novel ever written"
"I have to admitt that the first couple chapters dragged on for awhile, but after that the book was amazing! It explains about racial issues in the South, growing-up, and over-coming your fears. This is one of my all-time  favorite books!"
"I first read this brilliant tale of prejudice and understanding for my O levels at school.  Since then I read it regularly every few months.  The story has everything - humour, sadness, you name it.  Recommended."
"When I read the synopsis on the back of the book I groaned and set to work reading it for school as part of Lit. next year.  I was shocked to find this book good and it only got better.  I hated writing chapter summaries  because it meant the I had to remove myself from the world of Scout and Jem  for awhile.  Even a moments interruption while I was reading was a moment  wasted.  When I finished the book I felt like my life support system had  been cut off.  You can't go wrong with this book as a gift, for yourself or  another person."
"Like many others, I had to read this book for school, but I was actually looking forward to it. A lot of my friends said it was really good, so it couldn't have been THAT bad. I absolutely loved it! I couldn't put it down!  It was easy to follow and I love books written in first person because it  gives an opinion to everything that happens. If given the chance, I will  probably read it again. :)"
"Every so often there comes the writer whose story telling is so vivid that it forms an indelible impression on the readers' mind. Harper Lee is just that kind of writer. I read this book many times and it gets better with  each reading. IMHO, the real beauty of this book is that the author was  able to talk about prejudice on two fronts- irrational fear towards Boo  Radley from a child's point of view and that of the criminal trial. In both  the cases, the real victims are the ""accused"" themselves. If you  haven't read this book till now, please do take a few days to read it."
"This is the only book I've ever read that made me cry while I was reading it.  It's extraordinary, and shouldn't be missed."
"Yeah, I was forced to read this book as a seventh grader, but this wasn't bad after all. This was written many decades ago, so it isn't fair to judge it to these action or romance smut on the bookshelves today. The first  chapters were slow, and I admit, the reading level was over my head, but  not concentrating too hard, I followed the book quite fine. The story about  a middle-class lawyer who defends a falsely-accused black male in Alabama.  Many characters and side conflicts, with other citizens of this town who  have small stories and problem of their own, which a young little girl  experiences. Gives good morals. Quite satisfying, better than the movie,  too."
"This book had a great ending, but the other 300 pages justdragged on. I had to read it for school."
"My english teacher assigned this book to our class a few months before school let out. I was totally disapointed cuz i figured it would be like all the others~ borin, lame, and stupid. Shockingly, i ended up lovin it. I  got really into it b-cuz it delt with real life issues and it was sumthin i  could relate to. It had a lot of themes that most kids my age (15) are  dealing with. Such as racism, Prejudice,and jus dealin with people who have  totally different opinions then u might have. Itz a book that all should  read. I highly recommend it."
"I had to read this as a summer reading assignment and the first chapter drolled on so long I was thinking Dear God, how am I going to get through this?  By chapter three, I was hooked and could identify with Scout, Jem,  and Atticus easily.  This is hands down the best book on racism (followed  by A Time to Kill, which owes a lot to this novel) in the South.  It is not  merely a court drama, but is also a novel of growing up, human dignity, and  a bit of a love story.  Invest your money and time in this-You wont regret  it."
"As a child, I was an outcast at school. So I turned to books. I first read TKAM when I was 11. I found my copy in a box of books my mother bought at a garage sale, and I instantly fell in love. Almost 9 years (and countless  books) later, this is still my favourite book, and I never tire of reading  it. To Kill a Mockingbird has something for everyone. For me, it was  Scout's first years at school, so similar to my own, and her abilities in  reading and writing (I can't remember not knowing how to read). I highly  recommend this book to everyone. It makes you feel as though you were  there, and isn't that the mark of a great book?"
"This book is one of the most greatest book that explains racism in the South, showing how people strive for justice for someone of another color. Harper Lee has weaved the characters' everyday lives with th plot of the  story. If this book isn't pheonmonal, I don't know what is."
"All the reviewers who gave this movie less than 3 stars said they had to read it for English or said they ""Made us read it for English"".  When will these people learn, you read books in English.  Books like To  Kill A Mokingbird are classics.  This is a great book.  You pepple who  ""had to read it for English"" open your minds and enjoy. If they  had fathers more likse Atticus they would be able to enjoy reading a bit  more."
"Like the child in ""The Emperor's New Clothes"", nine year old Scout Finch, together with her four years older brother Jem, point out the emptiness of pretentious upper class white folks.  The southern setting in  Alabama in the 1930s takes nothing away from its current applicability.  Race and class consciousness, narrated through the eyes of a young girl  growing up, shows the depth of the cultural conflict as it persists today.  The adult world surrounding Scout and Jem Finch in their little town  presents race and class conflicts of contemporary American society in a  nutshell.  Narration, setting, character casting, and plot work very well  together, blending into an excellently written novel by a charismatic  female writer."
"Granted, this book is required reading for many ninth grade english classes (I know it was for me), which could make kids not like it.  But, even at 13, when I first read it, I fell in love with it because it made me think.  As I got older, I started to realize the very deep nature of the kind of  person Atticus was and the values he was teaching his children in the deep  south.  I can't help but admire Atticus deeply for the man he is and what  he wants his children to be.  The racism in this book is overwhelmingly  powerful and strives to show the injustices that was and still are a large  part of this nation.  It doesn't promote it; it makes us aware.  For all  those ninth graders out there who read this book by command of a teacher,  pick it up again in a couple years and then tell me if it was deep or  lacking in the american classic ability.  You might be surprised by what  you find."
"I think this book accurately portrayed the struggles of colored people, while it deals with life as a child.  The main character nicknamed Scout asks many questions about the things around her and reveals the hearts of  many people in her neighborhood with her inoccence.  The social class  system of the South in the late 1920's and early 1930's  is shown as well.  Where from lowest to highest there are blacks, poor white trash, and  whites.  This book has a great court trial where a black man is accused of  raping a white girl. Also in Scouts life there is a scary neighbor that is  said to have stabbed someone with scissors."
"For those who believe that one book can change an entire life, but that have not found that book yet... In To Kill a Mockingbird pure emotions, pure thoughts get together to changes the way you look at everything  surrounding you. It teaches to love and to understand."
"Without question, this book is by far the best book I have ever read.  It captures the soul and describes with amazing grace, human existence in 20th century America (or for that matter America)...Best book I have ever  read--best writing I have seen in all of my years."
"This was one of the best books I have ever read...If you haven't read it yet, you're really missing out on something good.  I especially love the innocence of Scout as she is retelling the story of her childhood, and the  real insight this book gives into human nature.  Harper Lee is truly one of  the most brilliant writers of all time! (jane austen is the other one!)"
"I read quite alot, and in all my findings I have never found anything that matched the standards I set myself up to after To Kill a Mockingbird. Harper Lee was a writing genius. If you haven't read this book, buy it  right now! If you don't own this book, you should buy it right now! It  takes you on a tour of all your emotions, it sets you into making new  standards for living, and all in all it gave you good reading time. Hurry,  hurry, hurry! Every moment spent waiting to read this book is..well, not  wasted, but pretty darn close. one of the best books ever written."
This book is unlike any other book I've ever read and I'm only a 13 year old. Harper Lee is a genius. I truly enjoyed this book to the very last page. I highly reccomend it to anybody who is longing for a good book.
I loved the court room scene and the observations Scout made from living around the profession and it's teachings for so long.
"This book is one of the most greatest book that explains racism in the South, showing how people strive for justice for someone of another color."
"Harper Lee takes us to the heart of an institution called the family. I found this book not only inspiring, but suspenseful. There is only one problem: it doesn't have a main plot or problem. It is just a story of a  few years in the life of the Finches."
This book is lacking creativity of chacters and of imagination of plot.Harper Lee has written a 281 page documentory of nothing. It uses unutterable words and displeasing language. I waw required to read this  book and hope I will never have to read it again. It is a slow unresearched  peice of literature that has been overated for years.
"I read To Kill A MockingBird as an english text. The book was slow for the first couple of chapters, but then pulled me in. Harper's use of language and the imagination of Scout really set it off. Thanks for writing a true  to life novel!"
"I read this one after having been told for ten years that ""I cannot believe you've read so many books and missed this one!""  I had balked because I know that this book is routinely assigned to eighth graders, and  was concerned that I'd be underwhelmed by the novel's level of  ""sophistication"".  I can happily say that my apprehensions were  ridiculously misplaced.True - the writing is generally pretty facile,  only occasionally brilliant: ""...like Mount Everest, she was cold and  there.""  This notwithstanding, the development of theme, and the  beautiful ideals described by this novel make it both timeless and  necessary.  Harper Lee has done that to which we should all aspire:  extracted a kernal of nobility from the human experience."
"What is sad is if you read all the reviews on here you'll see one or two who slate the book without much reason. This book is a fantastic tale that shows racial and other prejudice for what it is: shameful. It's a shame not  everyone can learn from this book and Atticus Finch! Give it a chance, buy  this book!"
"This book was so good that When I finally got my 13yr.old- anti-book -sister to read it she couldn't put it down.  This moving novel about a brother and sister who learn valuble life lessons by watcing thier wise,  lawyer/ father go against the grain as he defends a negro on a rape charge  to a white women.  They learn to control thier anger aginst most of the  town who opposes thier fathers decision and learn more out of the  whole  trial than they'll ever know."
"I read this book two years ago when I was in tenth grade. It was a class assignment, and I have to say, it was the best book I've ever had to read for school. It was interesting and very well written. That explains why I  got such a good grade on the book test. Read it! You'll love it! A true  classic!"
"This is one of the most stunning lovely books I've ever read--I did not read it in 9th grade, I read it my first time as an Assistant Professor of English at a college in California.  It was the favorite book of so many of  my friends I decided to turn aside from the more ""adult,""  intellectual work I'd been doing and check in on Scout and Atticus.  What I  found absorbed me entirely, and although it is sweeter and simpler in its  characterizations of our human but Capra-esque heroes, it is also about  continuing ugliness in the racially conflicted world we live in.  E.g.,  Capra, with punch. It provides remarkable messages about how to be human,  how to embrace what's right even when it will result in some kind of  disaster--and it's wonderfully written.  I love this book.  Reading it was  like finding a really good new friend--"
"What do you do when you sit down to write a book and you get it absolutely perfect the first time? Unfortunately, you never write another one. How could Harper Lee have possibly followed this up? Anything she wrote after ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" would have been anticlimax. So on the strength of one book, Harper Lee will be forever remembered for writing one of the greatest books of the contemporary American literature.I picked up this book late one night the year it was first published, after my mom had been raving about the book for weeks, trying to get me to read it. Well, what the heck, the late movie was boring that evening... next thing I knew, it was two o'clock in the morning and I had just turned the final page on what was the most magical reading experience of my entire life.From the opening line, ""When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow..."" Lee hooks the reader with a deceptively simple story of a Southern family and a Southern town caught up in a cataclysmic moral crisis, and keeps us enthralled till the very last word. Lee's writing style is that of the storyteller who mesmerizes her audience telling a tale so simple, yet so compelling, that you never want it to end. Her narrator is Scout Finch, a delightfully devilish little tomboy who sees her world through the all-observant eyes of childhood. Scout is one of the most enchanting characters in modern American fiction. She's bright, funny, totally real; there's nothing contrived about her. She's someone we all knew in first or second grade, or wished we'd known. Scout lives with her brother Jem, four years her senior, her lawyer father Atticus, and their housekeeper Calpurnia, in a sleepy Alabama town where everybody knows or is related to everybody else. Lee spends the first half of the book drawing us into the life of the town and the Finch family, Scout's hilarious and problematic adjustment to first grade, and brings us into the mystery surrounding the notorious-yet-never-seen Boo Radley. The second half of the book is about the moral crisis that tears the town apart.Lee has a way of saying a lot by saying very little, and her laconic statement that the people of Maycomb had recently been told they had nothing to fear but fear itself sets the time squarely in 1933, the depths of the Great Depression. Times were bad for most people in small Southern towns; they were especially bad for poor whites and all blacks. In 1933 the South was rigidly segregated down every possible line, and a white woman's false accusation of rape was enough to get a black man hanged. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white populace, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.In Atticus Finch, Lee created what would eventually grow to be the best-loved character in all American fiction. Atticus is a loving but not a doting father, an able lawyer, and an individual of towering integrity. He takes Tom's case because he knows Mayella's accusation is full of holes, and he believes Tom is as deserving of good legal representation as anyone else. Atticus knows better than anyone else how his decision to take the case will affect his children, but as he explains to Scout, who wonders how Atticus can be right if everybody else thinks he's wrong, if he didn't take the case, he could never hold his head up in front of his children again.Atticus knows he's fighting a losing battle, but deep inside himself he believes he may lose a battle but win a bigger war. The chapters describing Tom Robinson's trial and Atticus's defense are some of the most powerful in American fiction. On of the most moving passages in the book is at the end of the trial when the town's black minister tells Scout to ""Stand up. Your father's passin'.""Along with Scout and Atticus Finch, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: ""She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard."" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.I turned the final page of ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one. The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.Judy Lind"
"Harper Lee's book made me see people in a new light thanks to the quote from Atticuss ""You never know someone until you climb into his skin and walk around in it."""
"Anyone who is contemplating buying this book should absolutely not hesitate.  In my opinion, you could not invest your money in a better book.  Personally, I think that after reading it once, you won't be able to keep  yourself from reading it again (which I would assume to be all the more  reason to buy the book).  Atticus, Scout, and Jem are wonderful characters  that only aid a story that couldn't have been written any more beautifully  than it was.  I have no complaints and neither will you!"
I thought that Scout's thoughts were insightful. I think the personality of each individual charachter was developed nicely.
"This book is amazingly apt at telling about Scout's (I hate to say ""loss of innocence""; it's so clichéd)...I guess you could say ""transformation to womanhood.""  The courtroom scenes, the subtle  (and sometimes not-so-subtle) racism, and the symbolism are exquisite."
"I had to read this book for school and it turned out to be one of my favorite books. The first chapter was boring and I didn't think I would get into it. After that though, it really picked up and was a very enjoyable  story. I highly recommend this book."
"Superlatives no longer mean much to this venerable classic, one of the best novels ever written.  So I'm more interested in describing what makes the book work.Humour is one crucial factor.  By never succumbing to the  pretentious grandiosity that has plagued many a novelist since the form's  rise to prominence in the Victoria era, To Kill a Mockingbird achieves an  endearing relationship with its reader.  Every character is vivid, with  strengths and faults, and Lee achieves that difficult amalgam in  first-person narratives presented as recollections:  A mixture of an  adult's rhetorical power and a child's keen, curious eye.  The language is  fresh and unburdened by the moralizing which frequently cripples prose  narrative (especially books which deal with sensitive issues as this one  does).Lee made a perfect choice in personalizing a socio-political  issue.  To Kill a Mockingbird is predominantly the coming-of-age story of  Jem and Scout Finch, and the themes of racism, injustice, conservatism and  the Depression are all the better served this way.  Issues do not come  alive except through the living, breathing experience of their participants  and Scout Finch's particular take on the events of this book only makes  those events gain in moral strength, not diminish.Boo Radley, Atticus  Finch, Scout and Jem, Miss Maudie...the characters of this book have  achieved an iconic status rare in modern literature.  And it has achieved  this not by making them Nietzschean uebermenschen, but by entering into  their lives with fair, enthusiastic frankness.  And to end off, this is one  of only a handful of truly successful negotiations between the dramatic  (eg. theatre, screenwriting) and the narrative (eg. prose narrative,  filmmaking, folk storysongs) I can think of.  Lee's dialogue is sharp  enough, and immediate enough, that even if we pared this book down to just  its dialogue and situations, we'd end up with a remarkably powerful play.  As it stands now, it's a truly successful crossover, its dramatic  situations and character interactions every bit as convincing as the  engrossing power of its storytelling.I am all for challenging the canons  of all artistic forms, but this one is about as close to perfect as I've  seen a novel come, ranking right up there with the greatest of the greats.  It has its weak chinks -- Atticus' misunderstanding of Heck Tate's point in  the second-last chapter is befuddling, for example, but these are so minute  that to dwell on them would be overkill.  Thematically worthy to be called  an American epic, this book never forgets the personal in light of the  social.  We should be grateful it was ever written."
"I really liked this book,and recommend to anyone who likes ""southern"" type books, or just a good book! Read it y'all! :)"
"'To Kill a Mockingbird' is the epitome of good English Literature.  This heart-warming novel by Alambama native Harper Lee brought tears to my eyes on more than one occasion.  Once you pick up this book you definitely  cannot put it back down. A true classic, in my opinion. It's a story of 8  yer old Jean Louise 'Scout' Finch dealing with her white Father defending  negroes  in a small prejudice Alabama town as well as her adventures with  Boo Radley, a boy who hardly, if all, sticks his head outside the door of  his home. A compassionate tale - to say the least - of dealing with  grown-ups and trying to understand their way of thinking and the way their  adult world works. And for anyone who thinks thing timeless masterpiece is  overrated would honestly not know good literature if it came up and bit  them in the a**! The book is just that good."
"I had to read this book for English class this year, and truly it is the best book I have ever read in my life (possibly excluding ""Goodnight Moon"", etc.).  If you have not read this book, read it!  And, it's  funny, you don't realize really what the book is about until you finish it.  But it still takes my breath away."
"Through the eyes of young, naive Scout Finch we learn of the horrors and prejudice of small town people with small town minds.Harper Lee portrays Maycomb County as it really is,raw,crude and straight to the point."
"Scout is just a normal girl living in a sleepy southern town, until her lawyer father takes the case of a black man accused of rape, and her life is thrown into turmoil. Compassionate and exiting, Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird explores human behavior; kindness and cruelty, innocence and  guilt, love and hatred, humor and sorrow. This novel gave me a better  insight to prejudice and life in the south during that era, and left a  lasting impact I will never forget."
"I first read this book in grade 10 English class I found it to be a realistic and ideal book to be read and talked about to teenagers, it faces them with the facts and realism of racism and discrimination towards people  that still continues today I feel this is a great book to be read and  talked about in class and should be for as long as racism and  discrimination is out there."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is a great book that ties in childhood curiousity with harsh reality. For the first half of the book the narrarator Scout and her older brother Jem surround their lives with  the mysterious Boo Radley. Boo is commonly known by the people of the  community as an antisocial untouchable. The kids of maycomb have never seen  Boo, so they make it their duty to seek him and introduce him to their  world. However, the trial of a crippled black man shifts the excitement  from the hibernating Boo, to the most controversial trial Maycomb has ever  witnessed. Tom Robinson a poor black man was accused of raping Mayella  Ewell who carries the poor reputation of her family. Tom becomes a victim  of the unbalanced justice scale of early twentieth century Alabama. The  trial glorifies the word of a crooked white person over the honesty of Tom  Robinson. Atticus, Jem and Scout's father, who is constantly trying to set  a good example for his children, is infuriated with the decision. This  trial deeply effects the kids' lives by introducing the horror of an  unequal society at a young age. As the book comes to a close an awkward  situation ties both parts of the story together. This book is a classic for  its insight on children and its social commentary."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a candid testament of the trials and tribulations of growing up.  I can honestly say that book has had a permanent effect on me, one I cannot forget. I feel the  strongest aspect of this novel is it's  realistic characters and detailed adventures.  Atticus is a character  that has such depth and sincerity it's amazing. Atticus is an excellent  example of someone who is ahead of their time, he has an unbelievably large  amount of love in his heart, and his children really are his life. He is  very up front and honest with  Jem and Scout, always treating them as  equals. Atticus has no problem with defending a black man, something the  town looks down on him for.  Jem is a great example of a boy going  through the average adolescent pains. And Scout, the stereotypical tomboy,  is along for the ride. Scout however, is changing just as much, and has a  lot of growth ahead of her.  From the beginning of the book, I was  drawn to the mystery and uncertainty of  Boo Radely. The stories about him,  became more and more interesting and forced me to consider who and what he  was. As I  reached deeper into the book, I found more and more to relate  to. I know I am reading a good book, when as I am reading it I can see a  movie in my head. It's an extraordinary feeling to see a book acting itself  out. To Kill A Mockingbird has every element needed to make it a classic,  but  I recommend children of all ages to read it because of how unique it  is. I have read other coming of age novels, and none compare to this  literary masterpiece. It provides facts about the past and insight to the  future. It's a book that anyone can relate to. I found myself witting down  quotes from the book, because some of the things in it left me speechless.  I found that so many  things in this book remind me of my childhood. It  lets you see the world from the objective of a child, something many people  forget. With an emotional end, and a wonderful flowing of incidents, To  Kill A Mockingbird gives everything anyone would  need to know about Maccob  County ,and the word itself. Possibly the greatest work I have ever laid  eyes upon,  I recommend this book for anyone, who has the patience for  something different."
I have read this book 8 times and am reading it for the ninth time in my highschool novels class. I think it is the best book ever written and teaches us so many lessons for life. I give it 5 stars and 2 thumbs up!
"I have recently finished Harper Lee's, To Kill A Mockingbird. It is a wonderful book written from the eyes of a child, putting you in her world. Scout and Jem are two very well developed characters that you see grow and  mature through the three year time span in which the novel covers. Their  father, Atticus, is a great example of how the perfect parent should be. He  treats the children as young adults; allowing them to make their own  decisions. Just reading about the children's mysterious neighbor, Boo  Radley, brought back many childhood memories. I truly enjoyed the beginning  when all that Jem, Scout, and Dill wanted to do was sneak a peak at Boo.  Although the book takes a turn into another direction with Tom Robinson's  trial, the ending joins both plots together, making one brilliant  masterpiece. I recommend it for anyone who had a curiousity when they were  younger."
"I recently finished Harper Lee's remarkable novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, and I fell completely in love with it.  This wonderful book really takes you deep into the truth of our human identity.  It shows love, hatred,  cruelty, and kindness all through the eyes of a child leaving you with many  emotions and thoughts.  Harper Lee's way of writing really attracted me.  One thing I liked was that you are demanded to use your imagination.  Not  everything is written right out for you.  You really have to think about  what the character's appearance is, dream about what will happen next, etc.  The ending is an example of this.  It is not complete.  It leaves you with  many questions running through your head that only you can answer.  I also  enjoyed the way Harper Lee broke the book into two totally different ideas,  with the same significance, and brought them into one at the end. I learned  and understood many new aspects of life by reading this book.  Harper Lee  has a point to make and she does it very well.  I would recommend it to  anyone who is ready to sit down and really read a great book."
"Harper Lee's novel is undoubtedly my favorite book of all time. I don't know one single person who has not liked it. I have read it about three times and I feel like Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, and even Boo Radley, the  mysterious loner of the story, are people I have known and loved always.  This book is certainly one of the best American novels ever written, and  certainly the greatest American book of the twentieth century. Not reading  this book is a tragedy. The character development and the emotional current  of the book will penetrate your heart and mark you forever. I know you will  never, ever forget the powerful message of the book if you allow yourself  to be attached to what, in my opinion, are the most well-developed, strong  collection of souls in an incredibly touching story that takes place in the  American South. Read it, fall in love with it, read it again, and fall in  love even more. The book is a masterpiece and an privilege to read."
"When I sat down to read ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" I thought I was in for another long, boring, reading assignment. On the contrary, I found myself so impressed by the novel I was soon reading it in my spare time.  The childhood tale of 'how Jem broke his arm' intrigued me to the very end.  My interest in the eerie neighbor, Boo Radly, soon gave way to the shocking  Ewell trials. At the end, each detail came together in a clever ending.  Strategic foreshadowing and vivid description, although not overdone,  contributed to the novel's appeal."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a candid testament of the trials and tribulations of growing up.  I can honestly say that book has had a permanent effect on me, one I cannot forget. I feel the  strongest aspect of this novel is it's realistic characters and detailed adventures.  Atticus is a character  that has such depth and sincerity it's amazing. Atticus is an excellent  example of someone who is ahead of their time, he has an unbelievably large  amount of love in his heart, and his children really are his life. He is  very up front and honest with  Jem and Scout, always treating them as  equals. Atticus has no problem with defending a black man, something the  town looks down on him for.  Jem is a great example of a boy going  through the average adolescent pains. And Scout, the stereotypical tomboy,  is along for the ride. Scout however, is changing just as much, and has a  lot of growth ahead of her.  From the beginning of the book, I was  drawn to the mystery and uncertainty of  Boo Radely. The stories about him,  became more and more interesting and forced me to consider who and what he  was. As I  reached deeper into the book, I found more and more to relate  to. I know I am reading a good book, when as I am reading it I can see a  movie in my head. It's an extraordinary feeling to see a book acting itself  out. To Kill A Mockingbird has every element needed to make it a classic,  but  I recommend children of all ages to read it because of how unique it  is. I have read other coming of age novels, and none compare to this  literary masterpiece. It provides facts about the past and insight to the  future. It's a book that anyone can relate to. I found myself witting down  quotes from the book, because some of the things in it left me speechless.  I found that so many  things in this book remind me of my childhood. It  lets you see the world from the objective of a child, something many people  forget. With an emotional end, and a wonderful flowing of incidents, To  Kill A Mockingbird gives everything anyone would  need to know about Maccob  County ,and the word itself. Possibly the greatest work I have ever laid  eyes upon,  I recommend this book for anyone, who has the patience for  something different."
"Through the eyes of young, naive Scout Finch we learn of the horrors and prejudice of small town people with small town minds.Harper Lee portrays Maycomb County as it really is,raw,crude and straight to the point."
"To Kill A Mockingbird started off as an interesting book. You really didnt know what it was going to be about, except that prejudice would play a big part in the plot. As the book progressed I started to like Scout(one of the  main charcters). She had a very strong-will for her age, and matured alot  by the end. Her father Atticus defended a black man-Tom Robinson during  this period of racial hatred(the great depression). The book taught me  about how people were in this county at that period of time, and showed the  theme of  initation, and standing up for what you believe."
"In my opinion, this book suffered from various major problems.  First of all, the plot line was weak, The characters did nothing but wonder around the town tring to coax Boo Radly out of his house.  Second of all, the characters interaction seemed forced, they behaived like they could not  stand each other.  The Third and final deterant is the ending, for almost  200+ pages(out of 281)the almost unbearable wondering ends with the  description of a boring trial and an obscure presentation of the final  climax and resolution. Half way through the book I was just wishing a bunch  of mockingbirds would fly in and end everyones misery (mine included)."
"Where do I start?  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has everything you need in a novel - mystery, comedy, drama, suspense, love.  This book will never get old as far as the main issues it addresses: rape, racism, and  social standards.  Harper Lee expresses them in the best way possible - in  a child's point of view.  A thrilling climax will leave you excited, then  saddened as you turn the last page.  It is an adult book in a child's  words, which makes it easy reading for any age.  Characters, plots and  sub-plots, and imagery are all extremely well developed.  Great book."
This book shows the world from a childs persepsion The mystery of Boo Radly and the injustess that is brought upon Big Tom are all told with purity and innicense. This classic tale will touch your heart and teach you  the cold facts of life all in the same story
"This book is not very convincing, overlong, mellow, and inconsistent. The novel isn't direct towards the reader in terms of telling who it is for: adults or kids. The characters are overwhelming and the occasional  flashbacks are not concrete. The novel didn't captivate myself from page #1  onto #284. Honestly, I don't see the big deal with this book or the movie  with Gregory Peck. It had third rate acting and was told in a fairy tale  form with the little girl as the narrator. And to just think that Peck beat  out Peter O'Toole for Best Actor of 1962! Not a classic in my book by all  means!"
"So far even though this book is lengtthy I find it to be interesting and it shows how the negroes were treating back then. I think we should read books like these to understand our history better it puts emotion into the  past.  And it is easier for people like me to grasp.  I recommend this book  to anyone who is willing to ""walk in another's shoes to see what their  life is about  this book will touch your heart."
to kill a mockingbird is a wonderful book. it shows how racism was in full affect back in the 1900s. scout grows up to be a wonderful lady and she shows it in narrating the book of her life. jem was a good boy and he was a  mean and great brother. the father was a great lawyer. even though he didnt  win in the tom robinson case he still gave the jury something to think  about.
"If Harper Lee says ""it's just a simple love story"" why don't the readers interpret To Kill a Mockingbird as a love story.  Literary Critics give the wrong vibe out to readers. The Critics make their words seem as if  the book is about literature and long words. Don't get me wrong, the book  has excellent literature but, it's more to the book than just literature,  racism and the 1930s. They all fit into the story but the author wants us  to dig a little dipper and really understand why the book To Kill a  Mockingbird is a love story. And I wish Harper Lee would make a document  stating why is this book a love story."
"I highly recommend that you read this book.  Unlike some books I've read, this book has a realistic story with a believable plotline.  The characters are lovable or ""hateable"", and all with true personalities.  Underneath the basic events that take place in this book, there is another  story which will change the way you think for the rest of your life."
"This book is the best I have ever read.  it takes me to the south and links me to the past and how Harper Lee grew up.  It shows the spectrum of how people in the south from the bigoted country men to the dignified man  who would defend any man no matter his race.  The book also shows how  children's perceptions are changed through time.  To see her llife through  a man's she was afraid of to begin with and grew to know and like him.  The  best book ever written, now or in the future."
"This is a book that I have read over 100 times, since I was a teenager.  I probably re-read it every two years for the last ten years, and everytime I read it, I learn something new about attitudes towards life.  There are  many characters in the story, and we learn something from each character.  In some ways, we learn with Jem and Scout.  We learn not to take people at  their face value and what other people say about them (Boo Radley).  We  learn to stand up for what we believe in.  We learn about what real courage  is and we learn how gentle people can easily be victimized and  misunderstood.The great thing about this book is that even with all  these great ""lessons"", it is a very interesting and funny book.  It is interesting because it is narrated in the eyes of an eight-year old.  The book was about Jem's and Scout's childhood experiences.  We cheered and  sympathized with their fortunes and misfortunes.  We smiled when Scout  asked Walter Cunningham ""what the samhill he was doing with the  syrup"" and we gasped when Scout was stuck in the tire going into Boo  Radley's front yard.  And aren't we all touched, just like Jem, when we  found Jem's pants were mended, however clumsily, by Boo?"
A great novel in the respect that it shows how the world really works and how life used to be.  The world still acts this way but this book shows how bad segregation really was.  It is well written and explains it from every  angle possible.
"Of the two novels I was required to read this year at school (and the science ficton novels and short stories I read on my own). This was the best. Few books effect me the way this one does (two others being Ray  Bradbury's The Martian Chronicles and Ernest Hemingway's the Old Man and  the Sea). That is the story(s) these book tell true on a higher level. The  minor characters are deeper then the main characters in many novels (take  that atrocity called ""A Seperate Peace"" for example). This book  also has all the extra goodies, wit, social criticism, irony, a vivid  setting. I can not imagine a person not liking this book."
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is one of the true American classics. It is a novel filled with all of the true lessons in life- dignity, equality, honesty, and, above all, human compassion.  Scout's innocence makes her a  likable and honest character with an insight beyond her years.  I strongly  recommend this book to everyone."
"As a 15 year old I thought that ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" would be boring and like any other book I am required to read, but after getting hooked and reading the whole thing in a day and a half I learned that it  was both informative and fun to read too. I strongly recommend this book to  any person young or old. Enjoy!"
"If you have not yet read this classic book by Harper Lee, you're missing out on an amazing literary experience.  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is an eye-opening story about the effects of racism on our country in the  post-Depression era.  It is also a tender tale of a Southern childhood.  Beautifully written, this book captivates you from page one.  I strongly  recommend it- anyone, of any age, will be touched by this book."
"I cannot express how great this book is. It keeps you interested, while staying simple. It wil make you laugh and make you cry. It begins by introducing you to the Finches. The story is narrorated by the young girl  Scout(Jean Louise Finch). Part one takes you through their summers, school  years, and inumerable attempts to provoke Boo Radley out of his house. Part  two takes you into the rape case between Tom Robinson(negro) and the  Ewells(white). Much racism and discrimination is shown throughout the  story, yet the Finch family potrays good morals nomatter what happens. I  would strongly reccomend this book whether you need it for a report, or  just a good read, you will not be dissapointed."
"My opinion has changed about this book my second time around.  I was astonished at how enjoyable this book really is.  After I started reading it again, I couldn't put it down.  The author really accurately depicts how  unfair the South treated the Negroes at that time period.  I liked how  Harper Lee uses Scout's perspective to tell the story.  Children often see  more things than adults do.  The title fits the story very well;  the  comparison of an innocent mockingbird to an innocent black man.  I would  recommend this book to anyone!  It will be one of the best classics you  will ever read.  I promise!!"
"The book ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" recieved 4 stars from me.  The beginning of the book seems to be rather dry, although it helps to build the plot.  As the story continues, the excitement picks up as a variety of  different things happen.  You are never focused completely on one idea at a  time, and when you are finally figuring out the story, you hit another  twist that makes you have to rethink.  Overall this story was very well  written, and very entertaining.  I believe it would be good for all  highschool students to read, and would also be good for adults.  Reading  this book can give you a new outlook on the way life was, and how it still  is."
"This book is the best book I have read. It is so interesting that you will barely be able to put it down. To those who haven't read it, READ IT. I had to read it for my 9th grade English class last semester and we had the best time reading it in class.  I recommend that all 9th grade English and/or  Literature classes read this."
"I had to read this book for school and I didn't think that it was going to be very good. But, when I got finished, my mind changed automaticly. Lee described Scout and Jem very well, like how Scout was a tomboy. Also, she described Maycomb County well like the people living in it. Like the  Ewell's or the Cunningham's. I would tell anyone to read this book!!"
It was the worst book I have ever read.  Please do not buy this book!!
"I am doing an essay on your book and I would like to know why you used Boo Radley, Tom Robinson, and Dolphus Raymond as examples of Mockingbirds. It would really help me get an A on my report, plus I would really like to know. Thanx a bunch!!!!!"
"This is a powerfull novel that will force any reader to take a close look at their own convictions.  Don't be mistaken in understanding this book.  If you arrive at the conclusion that the deputy is responsible, YOU ARE  WRONG, go back and try again.  While reading this book, the most important  thing is to keep an open mind!"
this was a okay book it was boring most of the part with very low action MABY THATS BECAUSE I LOVE ACTION BOOKS!! dont read if you like the low matinence books
"This book is great! It's almost like an embelished life story of Harper Lee, minus all the boring parts. The characters are very clear, with incredibly interesting conflicts and stories. The first part of the book is  all background, but it isn't dull background: It's all leading up to an  invisible point that the author sets ahead.To Kill A Mockingbird is one  of those books that grabs you in and lets you see everything from the  charcters' points of view, right along with them. And it's the kind of book  that ANYONE can read! I highly recommend it!"
"I thought it was a wonderful book, I think that every one should read this book. It was an interesting plot that was unpridictable. The ending is totally unexpected. Harper Lee is great at detail. The book was full of  detail and I really got a great sketch of the whole picture of the town.  Dont see the movie. I didnt like it, I thought it wasnt worth seeing, but  read the book!!!"
I thought that this book was the best book ever!!! I was amazed with the was Lee wrote so realisticly about the way racism affected there town.
"I love how the racism was shown ohh so brilliantly.  I love all the charcters, especially Mr. Ewell, he seemed life like, I also enjoyed the enthuseasem of Mayella on the stand, not able to back down from what she  had said, or acussed Tom of.  Atticus was pretty cool, and was Brought to  life by Harper Lee.  Jem and Scout were a little to nice and understanding  of each other to come off as family, but it made for a heart-warming  experience."
"There are few books that everyone must read to understand American literature... perhaps fifty.Not only is To Kill A Mockingbird in that group, it's in the small subset that can be grasped by a young reader -- in  fact, can teach a young reader great lessons about both history and life --  and yet be returned to throughout one's life for a refresher of humanity  and of its lessons.It is, to be blunt, a unique book. There is nothing  else like it. It shaped my childhood; its ideals shape my adulthood.If  you're a fan of Star Trek, as I am, you'll see ideals that you see in Trek  throughout the book -- for example, this might be the work that comes  closest to an Earth-bound expression of IDIC. [P.S.: There are two Trek  connections to the filmed version... Paul Fix (the Judge/Dr. Piper in the  second Trek pilot) and Brock Peters (Atticus' client/Captain Sisko's father  on Deep Space 9).]If you have not read Harper Lee's masterwork, you're  poorer for it. No matter your age, it's never too late to learn its majesty  and consider its wisdom."
"Basically its kind of a autobiography about her, but as I say its boring and pointless!!"
I really enjoyed the Southern content and the way Harper Lee described the characters and environment around it.  I would definately read the book many many more times.
"Although the author had some good points, I must say that this book sucked a big fat one star. I thought it was horribly thought out and it was considerably a snoozer. I seriously feel asleep readin this. I advise and  suggest that nobody dare pick up this book. You may die of boredom."
"This is one of those few books I read in school that I really enjoyed. Students tend to resist being forced to read books (and a lot of them don't have enough wattage in their brains to understand them anyway), but I  remember finishing this book and shaking my head at Lee's  brilliance.The previous 200+ reviews pretty much summed up the  plot and then some, so there's not much more to say... except that what  made the book special for me was Scout's comment on the very last page, on  the metaphor between what had happened in the book and the killing of  mockingbirds, given airtime earlier in the book. That image is moving and  sad, and acted as perfect closure to the book, despite what previous  reviewers have said. Whether Harper Lee intended to make this message or  not, the painful events that have happened in the book were brought home to  make a moving statement with those last lines.For all those people  who complained about the racism and rape trial in the book: Grow up! That's  like complaining about a book on physics being devoted to physics, or an sf  novel being set in the future. What do you people expect? Take out the  focus of this book and the second half of the book disappears.One  more comment: Considering that I once had a review for Amazon.com never  accepted because of an afterthought and a factual correction from the  review I had just sent in for the same book, I find it amazing (and  infuriating) that what was obviously a single person from Massachussetts  has _thirteen_ reviews, all submitted on March 1, for this book. One  wouldn't think it would be that difficult to notice, say, that the last 5  were obviously coming from one source, when they noticed and rejected a  shorter, much less extreme (and more relevant) afterthought from me. Food  for thought."
"I'm only in 9th grade right now,but that doesn't  meanI don't know a good book when I see one! This book is for anyone! It tells about the real world and whats out there! It tells bout heart ache and pain. I hope you will  like it as much as I do. Ok, I know ya'll will miss me! :0) Write me if ya  got the chance! Talk to ya later! bye!***rEnI***"
"I thought that this was an interesting book. The first 15 chapters were all background.  That might be a little too enduring. I personally think that the author shouldn't have spent half the book on background. But if  you think about it, the story wouldn't have been as long without it. It was  mostly fill-in. I think that the last 15 chapters were interesting and  quality writing. So were the first 14, but the last had a good plot. I just  wish the ending had had a little more conflict. It seemed to end awfully  abruptly.  But that was just the last half of chapter 31. The book is an  American classic. And this is just my opinion."
"I thought that this book was great.  It showed that you shouldn't judge a person that you enver met and don't know.  There was great depiction of when blacks were at an all time high.  The whoel story of Arthur Radley  was very saddening.  He was actually a good person, but his past kept him  from going outside.  He lived out is life in hishouse and iddn't have any  children of his own, but had Scout and Jem as substitutes.  It was all  quite touching: how he have Jema and Scout so many things, and did so many  things for them.  THe relationshipe between Atticus and his children is  really cool.  Jem and Scout are allowed to call their father by his first  name without giving him any thoughts of disrespect.  Atticus is a really  nice father, it might seem to many that he isn't a good father, but he is.  He lets his kids have space and lets them do as they please as long asi it  doesn't involve violence, foul language, disrepsect, or making fun of  people.  He teaches his kids many things an dis a good role model.  He  keeps calm, shows respect, is polite, and does pretty cool things.  Fore  example, he was the greatest shot and best chess player in all of Maycomb,  and he gets lots of respect for doing the right thing for all of Maycomb.  The Ewells are low down dirty scum, in my opinion.  The Ewell that was in  Scout's class was so rude to the teacher, when she tried so hard.  Tom  Robinson helped Mayella Ewell so many times and she doesn't even thing of  returning a favor.  Mr. Ewell is worse, he beats on Mayella and goes ot any  length to get revenge, even if it goes below the belt.  All their wrong  doings make me sort of happy that they have lvies with great hardships."
Our class had to read it as an assignment and i thought i wouldnt enjoy it cause i really dont like reading but i ended up reading it three times!!!! IT WAS THE BEST BOOK I EVER READ!!!!!!
"Harper Lee expertly weaves the theme of hurting the innocent in and out of the first person biography of a young girl's life as delicately as a spider making sure every weave is thick and  catches its prey.  This ordinary  child begins to learn the way of life through the hypocritical, the  prejudice, the courageous, the insecure, and the hateful, violent angry  actions of the people from within her own household to the center of town.  With but a father and a brother to aid and answer her many question, her  dive deepens to the unspoken darkened depths of all human hearts."
"I had grave misgivings about even starting this book, what with it having a narrator who recounts her innocent childhood.  What could I, a 50-year-old white male, an embittered battle-weary liberal, get out of it?  Well... plenty actually.  For one thing, the kid really is cute and  precocious, and her lines are always remarkably apt, like Alice's.  And all  the other characters are similarly convincingly drawn.  The seeming  childishness of many of the incidents always have a deeper level of  meaning.  But mainly, the stunning matter-of-factness of the trial of the  Negro and its foregone conclusion, and how life had no choice but to go on  (to do anything else would be life-denying) reached deep into my heart and  made its certain mark on my soul.  Not all books have to exhibit the  densities of a Saul Bellow or a John Barth tome.  Some books can be quite  simple and still succeed magnificently.  This book is one of them.  Don't  avoid it just because it's read in schools.  Thank God it is."
"whenever i read this i always cry from about halfway through, calm down and then start afresh at then end when Scout says 'Hey Boo'.  everyond should read it, especially when they're a young teenager, around 14/15.  i  want someone to know like Atticus who has sad eyes.  a masterpiece of a  book."
"If any book could describe a child's view of racism and life in a more pleasant way, Iwould like to read it.  This book teaches the children the harsh relaities of life as they grow older and more aware of their  surroundings"
"The book, ""To Kill A Mockingbird,"" is a masterpiece.  Having to read it for school, I grew afraid of being bored to death.  Instead, I was moved.  I could never put the book down and I finished before anyone else.  A remarkable story that shows prejustice was alive and well in those days  and it still is today.  It gives one hope of a better tomorrow in a world  full of corruption.  A exceptional story that will surpass all others."
"I loved this book.  even though i thought the only tragedies in books were pertaining to death i was so wrong.  It's haunting, funny, tragic, and deeply moving.  READ THIS BOOK!  Bottom line: it's a triumph, a tragedy, a  true human story"
"To Kill A Mockingbird was one of the greatest books I have ever read, and one of the best written (in my opinion).  I read it recently for my Honors English class (I'm a freshman in high school) and I feel that this book  accurately portrayed some of the trials of a young girl's life, including  prejudice.  I reccomend this to anyone who wants to read an awesome book!"
I think that To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the great works of an American woman writer.
"I loved this book because it is so realistic. I liked Scout, she's a good charactor. A book to be read by everybody. So likeable."
This is my favorite book of all times. I'm a suspense reader and to me this was another boring school book but it turned out to be my favorite book!! It realates to the real world so much with all the racism. I love  how Harper Lee tricks you through out the whole book it was great!!
i think this book is very increatable it helps people cop with all the racism around them and i really enjoyed it.
"I think that To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a good example of Literature for High School kids, I dont think that anyone under this age should read this due to content.  At the begining of this book I thought  that I wasn't going to like it but once it got to the trial of Tom  Robinson, I found it very interesting.  I agree with what everyone said in  the book about Atticus being the only person that could give question that  Tom Robinson wasn't guilty.  I thought that Atticus was definately an  excellent father and almost just as good as a mother to Jem and Scout.  I  feel like this book really explained what was going on during this time,  especially when Aunt Alexandra had all the women over there house for there  church meeting.  I do not know how Scout sat there listening to everyone  disgracing the person her father was representing.  My favorite character  in the book was Dill. I thought that he was so adorable and there was  something mysterious in him that I liked.  In a brief summary this is  what the book was about.  Jean Louise Finch is the narrator of the story  and she is describing the events of her childhood before she was 10.  She  lived in her house with her father Atticus, her brother Jeremy Atticus  Finch, and there black maid Calpurnia.  When the story starts it is  summertime and they meet there childhood friend that comes down every  summer, Dill. The children all summer are fascinated by Arthur (Boo) Radley  by the end of the book they meet him and become frinds with him.  Next,  Scout started school and there was problems in the begining but then she  started liking it.  Next in the story we meet Atticus's family and another  summer comes and goes with Dill. Then the trial came and all of Maycomb  County was there.  Mr. Ewell (the lowest family, under blacks, and he was  white, in Maycomb Coutny) accused Tom Robinson(he was black) of raping his  daughter Mayells.  Atticus was appointed lawyer and he put up a good fight  for Tom, but since he was black he was proven guilty.  During this time  Scout and Jem were getting made fun of by kids at school and even their own  cousins.  Tom Robinson was sent to jail, Atticus thought they had a chance  but Tom couldn't take the stress anymore, he tried esaping jail and he got  shot 17 times.  During the trial Aunt Alexandra had came down to take care  of Jem and Scout and to teach Scout how to become a proper girl and not a  tomboy.  The end of the story is my favorite and you will have to read it  to see why I think it is, and when you do I think you would agree. The only  complaint I have to say about the end of the story is that I thought that  the book should have had a little more closure to it.  I like closure to  stories.  Overall this was a good book, I would recommmend it to other  teenagers."
"Harper Lee did pretty well with the book To Kill a Mockingbird. At first, he started slow, introducing characters and telling stories about their past. When he got going, however, the book got very interesting. There was  a trial involving a black man with one of the main characters as his  lawyer. Of course, it was not a good thing at this time for a white man to  be defending a black man in a trial. The trial becomes very exciting and  brought the book to a great ending. As for the title, Atticus, the person  who defended the man in the trial, told his children that you shouldn't  kill a mockingbird because all they do is sing and provide entertainment  for people. This quote tied in to the trial very well and made the book  very effective. In conclusion, I do not reccomend this book for anybody  under the age of fourteen."
"The book ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" was mainly about two kids named Jem and Scout.  It's about the adventures that they have and what they went through.  Their father was a lawyer.  Peope in Jem and Scout's town accused  a black man named Mr.Ewell of raping a little white girl.  Jem and Scout  don't think that he did it but the people in the town did.  Their father  defended Mr.Ewell.  This book teaches about how some people can be so  prejudice against inncocent people just because of their race. If you want  to know the conclusion to Mr.Ewells case, then i suggest that you read  ""To Kill A Mockingbird""...you won't be upset!"
"Lee, Harper. To Kill A Mockingbird.  The story starts out in summer with Jem and Scout when they were playing around Boo Radley's yard. He was the neighborhood shut-in that everyone was afraid of. In one  incident they were snooping around his house out of curiosity and they  wanted to leave in a hurry because they got scared. Jem's overalls got  ripped on the fence and he had to take them off to get away. When he went  back to get them they were all sewn up. Jem and Scout learned from their  father that it was a sin to kill a mockingbird. After a while, their Aunt  Avery came to live with them and tried to make Scout into a lady. Atticus,  their father, got assigned a case to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who  supposedly raped a white girl named Mayella. The townspeople criticized  Atticus and his family for supporting a black person. Atticus was able to  prove that it wasn't Tom who raped the young girl because he had a crippled  left arm and her bruises were on the right side of her face. But because  Tom was black, the jury convicted him anyway. Tom tried to escape from  jail. In the attempt, he was shot and killed by prison guards. Mayella's  father, Bob Ewell, attacked Jem and Scout to get back at their father. Boo  Radley rescued Scout and Jem from their attacker. During the fight, Bob  fell on his knife and killed himself. Jem was badly hurt, but both children  knew they owed their lives to Boo. I liked this story. It had a  well thought out and intriguing plot. I really got into the trial. Atticus  had an extremely convincing defense, and although the odds were against  him, he proved that it wasn't possible that Tom could have committed the  crime. Even if I were racist, the way Atticus composed and presented his  defense, I don't think I would have been able to, in good conscience, rule  the way the jury did. It made me wonder if Atticus could have reached down  and said something to strike a nerve in the jury so that they would have  felt morally obligated to leave racism out of their decision. The book got  me convinced that they wouldn't convict Tom, and kept my interest when he  was convicted and with the appeal. I think Atticus should have pushed for  them to have a mixed black and white jury because of his own ""equal court""  justification speech. If it was going to be fair and equal, they should  have had a jury with black and white people. Despite that bad part, it  shows us how much Black people can be discriminated against and that we can  look up to and try to be like Atticus in his courage in sticking up for  what he believed was right. We have to make sure in life that we don't kill  a mockingbird. I think a description of an appropriate audience  would be anybody who has matured enough and lived enough to understand  about the problems of racism and be able to grasp the importance of this  story. Also someone who has the time to read the book in detail and get as  much out of the book as they can would make for the best audience. For me,  the best time to have read this book would have been eighth grade because I  had matured enough by then and I would have had the time to more thoroughly  go over the book. At the younger age, it would have sparked my interest in  reading. I would say that as soon as a teacher feels that a class is mature  enough to grasp the story, he or she should give it to them to read,  preferably in junior high."
"Scout is the main charater in To Kill a Mockingbird. She has a brother named Jem. They and their friend try to see the mysterious neighbor Boo Radly come out. As they grow up, a young white girl is said to be raped by  a black called Tom Robinson, or so says her father, Mr. Ewell. Scouts own  father, Atticus, is the defending lawyer for Tom Robinson. Scout and Jem  really want Atticus to win because they don't think Tom Robinson really  raped the girl. Did Tom Robinson really rape the girl, or is the story  fake. Read this book to find out."
"This is a novel of racism, tragedy, and hardships, but mostly it is about the priceless time of growing up.  One will be helplessly immersed in the happenings of Jem's and Scout's life.  Of the many;  their quaint  relationship with their father, and also that of with their neighbors, the  Tom Robinson case, and their interaction with Boo Radley, but one will be  particularly captivated by the charmingly innocent way in which the story  is told.  This book, no matter who you are, where you are, how old you are,  can teach us all a great many things.  An appealing aspect of this book for  some is that the story is told from the perspective of a tomboy in a time  where that was not generally encouraged."
"This is the best classic: It is overflowing with life and has a memorable and vivid, gentle persuasive humor and a glowing goodness.  It is a gem of a book.  To Kill A Mockingbird is beautifulluy written.  About crisis in  race and in life, this amazing book will never be forgotten.  It pulls you  into it's world and doesn't let you step out.  It is also great for kids (I  am 12).  Everything about this book is perfect."
"I'm 14 years old and I thought this book was beautiful. I wasn't forced to read this book for school--it was choice, and one of the best I've made. My only hope is that if you read it, you can identify the hidden messages  laced throughout the book AND appreciate them. To me, it was a book of  innocence vs. corruption. I identified w/feelings expressed throughout it  and in the end had acquired the memory of my favorite written word  characters ever! READ THIS BOOK and think."
very good never wanted to put it dow
"This book is very interesting and absorbing. You feel like you never want to put it down! There are strong, clear characters, and neat conflicts. I really recommend it!"
"The fiction novel To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the best well written novels of the 1900s.  Harper Lee who is the author of the novel brings out some heartmelting scenes to the reader. She also throws out the sense of what a childhood is like growing up in a country town of Maycomb County.  Jem and Scout Finch raised by Atticus Finch who is their father growing up  without the presence of their passed mother.  Jem and Scout play the  investigators of who their neighbor realy is.The Finch's neighbor is the  creep talk of the town, but no one realy knows the truth of his life. The  scenes of this book are so well described in its southern dialect the  reader can picture it realy happening.  One great example of this is when  Scout walks their neighbor Arthur Radley to his porch and reflects on all  of the games, bad times, and good times that happened.  Also Lee's  courtroom scene is so moving it makes the reader want to go into the book  and be part of the trial. Come join Jem and Scout in this mysterious  investigation of their mysterious neighbor.  Also, go back to the 1930's  and get a taste of what the depression was like."
"In search of a mysterious character, Scout and Jem Finch encounter many situations that put them in danger.  To Kill A Mockingbird ia a fantastic representation of the 1930's.  Now take a trip back to a time of depression  and racism in Harper Lee's, To Kill A Mockingbird. Taking place in Alabama  in the 1930's, To Kill A Mockingbird tells the story of a middle-class  family and the childrens' search for a mysterious neighbor.  The children  go through many situations and people to get to their goal of finding this  neighbor.  When they finally find him, the open everybody eyes in the town.  Lee makes the reader feel like they have known the family for years with  her great backround of the family.  She also makes the reader feel like  they are in Alabama with her great description of the situations and  characters.  The book is very well written and it will be difficult for  the reader to put the book down.  This reviewer strongley recommends you  read this timeless classics."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is a compelling story about childhood, and growing up.  Based in the 1930's, To Kill a Mockingbird delivers a realistic, heart warming story.  This is a truly intriuging  book, that the reader wil not want to put down.  The novel goes through  the childhood of Jem and Scout Finch, and tells the high and low points of  their youth.  The book starts off with Scout fighting at school, goes  through the trial of a falsley accused black man, and ends with a social  hermit having his few wonderful astranged moments in the spotlight.  To  Kill a Mockingbird will captivate all readers, from children to adults,  this is truly an amazing book.  The story is set in Maycomb, Alabama  during the depression.  The novel revolves around the Finch family and  their experiences.  As Jem and Scout the hermit, Boo Radley, Atticus, Jem  and Souts father, defends Tom Robinson, a black man falsely accused of  rape, in court.  The awful truth becomes discovered about Bob Ewell, as Jem  and Scout learn the unpleasentries of life.  To Kill a Mockingbird, by  Harper Lee, will bring the reader in and not let them go until they have  reached a fulfilling ending."
"Being a 17 year old teenager I thought that Harper Lee's epicnovel 'To Kill a Mockingbird' would be rather boring.  Growing up inan era where science fiction rules every teenagers imagination, I was suprised to find that I enjoyed reading such a classic book. Harper Lee's narrator is young Scout Finch who is a fiesty, outgoing, self reliant young girl who witnesses the hate that the people of Maycomb have towards someone or something that is different from them. Witnessing the telling of the story in a childs eyes shows how innocent and not aware of prejudice children can be. Harper Lee has written a classic novel about hate, racism, class, love, and growing up. Who'da thought it would be that good!"
"I just finished reading To Kill a Mockingbird and found it both gripping and moving. I could not put it down. It is said that ""it's a sin to kill a mockingbird"" because mockingbirds don't hurt anyone, they just  sing for you. This title and theme is weaved throughout the novel: when  Scout is about to kill an insect and Jem stops her because ""it's not  bothering you""...when Tom Robinson is on trial and his self esteem and  his humanity is killed by the ignorant members of the towneven though all  he ever did was help people..and finally the resolution of the story  surrounding Boo Radley.This is a fantastic read. I recommend that  student take the time to read it instead of renting the film because it  isn't hard to get through, the language is very straightforward and you  won't find yourself frustrated and tearing your hair out (especialy if you  dislike reading)."
"I learned so much about human nature from this book.  Throughout the entire novel I laughed, cried, and fell in love with the three main characters, Gem, Scout, and Atticus.  I would highly reccormend this book  for anyone who loves to read about real life situations.  This novel is one  that I will surely have in my life always."
"This book is excellent. I just finished reading it for class. I had always thought it was going to be a boring book but alas I was wrong! I think it's one of the classics and everyone should read it. It deals with racism in  the 1930's and a man, Atticus, has to defend an African American man  unfairly convicted of rape. Meanwhile his two children are finding out what  life really is like. (at least that's what I think :)  You have to read  this book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is an interesting and adventurous book. Simply about a small and forgotten town, Harper Lee makes you never want to put it down. Jem and his younger sister, Scout, go through many  little adventures together, like seeing Boo Radley, watching the court in  which Tom Robinson is trialed, and of course, getting attacked. Atticus,  their father, has to make many hard decisions about racism and other  things. If you read this book, you'll never look at a father to children  relationship the same way again."
"I first read this wonderful novel as a teenager while waiting for the movie starring Gregory Peck to be released that same summer. Again and again over the intervening decades since have I pulled down my hard-bound  copy to read in whole or in part on a rainy afternoon because of its sheer  drawing power. In today's complex world one tends to lose perspective as to  how explosive, provocative, and sensational the issues of cross-race rape  was in the early 1960s when Miss Lee's novel was originally published. Yet  despite the sizzling if subdued sexual content and the divisive issues  surrounding the book, it quickly rose to best-seller status and easily  delivered the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for Harper Lee with this, her  first novel.  It is probably the character of Atticus Finch who  deserves most of the credit for the novel's enduring popularity. Seldom has  such a quietly heroic figure been so favorably and memorably described in  such loving detail in an American novel as is fortyish Atticus Finch, the  highly principled and somewhat befuddled widower-lawyer trying his level  best to raise his two young children alone in the midst of the deep South  during the early years of the Depression. As daughter Scout remembers,  there was little that Atticus couldn't charm or talk his way out of. And,  as played by Gregory Peck in the memorable movie, this thoughtful, moral,  and courageous man became a model of modern American manhood for all who  read or watched his story unfold.  Of course, the other characters  are also lovingly and carefully drawn and described, and the way in which  the importance and relevance of the mockingbird parable is sown at a number  of different levels with a number of different characters is also one of  the enduring treasures  found within the pages of this book. Whether  considering Tom Robinson, Boo Radley, Scout, Jem, or Atticus himself, we  all come to better understand the ways in which all the individuals'  stories and fate are intricately and inextricably interwoven with each  other and into the fabric of a particular time and place.  Thus, we  see the degree to which Atticus  relies and depends on their black  governess, and the degree to which he is concerned for her welfare as well.  On the other hand, we watch as  Bob Ewell acts despicably to mistreat  people of color. There are volumes of wisdom herein regarding the treatment  of human beings and the problems associated with trying to live in any  particular place at any specific time. So well and accurately drawn are the  characters of this fable of the life and times of Scout Finch in ""To  Kill A Mockingbird"", that one can only hope it continues to be widely  read and appreciated as a modern American classic."
"This book is maginfant, Atticus is such a smart, wise man and Scout is so incoent. It is so deatailed that it 'takes your breath away'. I LOVE THIS BOOK."
"This book, though it may drag on at times is a masterpeice. i wouldn't stop reading. the one thing that bothered me though was boo radly. his disapearence left me wondering where the happy ending went, although some  say it has a happy ending."
"I had to choose a novel for an independent novel study in grade 11 english. Since my aunt is a teacher, I asked her which book she would choose out of the six that were available...including ""To Kill A  Mockingbird"". Well, she suggested that particular book, and told me  that it was a great place to learn something about morals and ways of  thinking... Oh yay....another lif-lesson...well, couldn't hurt me, right?  And she is a teacher, so she MUST know something... Well, i go to a school  that is kinda cliquey, and a bit prejudiced, and i kinda have the prejudism  built in (sounds bad, i know).  After reading Harper Lee's epic, i realized  small things that have truly taught me a lesson...it REALLY doesn't matter  what separates one person from another, but what they can offer. I know  this sounds really after-school-special- ish, but it's true....through  certain characters' innocence and others' ignorance, a balance and  emotional grid is created. This novel is a definite MUST-HAVE."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is truely an unforgettable novel which can touch the hearts of all its readers.  This book deals with the nature and behavior of a little southern town.  It also deals with the innocence of a little girl  -Scout- and her maturing into a young lady by facing compassion and hatred,  kindness and cruelty, as well as truth and make believe.  This is a novel  of love, courage, and drama that is truely a classic!"
"This book is great on two levels.  The first is that it's a great page turner.  The second is that its wonderful universal themes, inspiring ideas, motifs, symbols, and characters depict the morals of society then  and now."
"This is was a pitiful book with little substance except for those people out there who are so racist that they will support things just BECAUSE it promotes other races...which is really prejudice.  The book deals with  those sorts of issues. If people would just leave old prejudices to heal  themselves, it would all be better, and best of all, this book wouldn't  exist"
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a very touching story.  It explains how hard it is to live in a world filled with prejudice and hatred toward blacks.  It also shows the courage of one man to stand up to this prejudice and do what  he feels is right.  To me, this book shows the problems that prejudice and  hatred causes as well as the effects these problems have on children.  The  most touching part of the story was when Scout and Dill cried about what  they had seen.  As they watched the verdict, it showed them how unfair the  justice system was at this time in history.  Blacks were thought of as  guilty because of their skin color.  This proved to be a very good moral  lesson to all readers of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD.  It helps readers deal with  these problems in real life situations."
"In the beginning , I thought that  the book would be dull,boring,undesirable(I take  it that the point is got now). As reading progressed, I found myself being enveloped as if I were one of the  characters in the book. The things done to Boo Radley were uncalled for.  The man endured so much. Atticus,an absolute gentleman, is one of the most  decent people that can be imagined. After reading this book,I've learned to  accept the fact that people are different and hold their own opinion. The  next time you're walking down the street and find yourself beginning to  judge someone, remember that God created all of us so in his eyes we are  all magnificent creatures. The hardships of life makes one mature  quickly,this can be seen by looking at the life of Scout."
"It describes the racial hadships people went through back then. It also describes the way that children look at things with an open mind and how they do not judge people based on their skin color. To Kill a Mockingbird  is such a great book because it can be related to modern times. It shows  people that if they look at the world with an open mind and an open heart,  they will begin to see a whole new world. This book tells of how prejudice  can ruin people's lives. It also shows us how to be more compassionate and  understanding."
"To kill a mocking bird is a story in which you read and think you know exactly how it will end, but your thrown for a loop.  evil people show there true good, good people learn about true lost, and children learn  about life, love predjudice and law in a classic novel."
"It was when I was 16 that I read this book and it was only then that I could fully appreciate the full impact a novel can have on a reader. It was a cclass book for us and I believe we discussed on the multi meanings of  teh author and how implictly he made them for about a month. I do believe  that racism of all types is evil but it all comes out more clearly when you  see it through the eyes of a child and Harper Lee has done this splendidly.  The characters of the novel, the plot, the setup of the story were all  highly impressive. every human being must read this book."
"TKAMB is a story full of lessons to learn.  I first read this book in the first or second grade.  Since then I read it once a year.  One of the most in depth lessons is the one To Kill A Mockingbird.  WHen Jem and Scout get  air guns for CHRISTmas their father tells them to shoot as many Bluebirds  as they like but to never shoot a mockingbird.  WHy??  Because a  mockingbird doesn't do anything to hurt anyone or anything.  Although ugly  don't kill it.  All it does is sing beautiful music.  You can apply this to  2 situations.  Tom Robinson resembles a mocking bird because he is innocent  and didn't do anything to hurt anyone and he tried to help yet because of  his race he was found guilty and murdered.  Then, when Boo Radley saved Jem  and Scout, Scout came to the conclusion that putting Boo on trial for  killing Mr. Ewell would be just like killing a mockingbird so therefore it  was wrong.  SHe exspressed these feelings to her father. Apply this story  to your lives and do not judge people for things they cannot change as in  family income, education, looks and disabilities.  Reach out a helping  hand.  THANK YOU."
"I used this book as a literature text. Together with a superb literature teacher, this book brought many magical moments to me. Besides the historical facts, this book taught me many other valuable lessons, like how  these people lived in their time, how they thought about things. I think  the most enchanting part of the book is the author's humour.  ""I guess  it was her sunday corset. She was not fat, but solid, and she chose  protective garments that drew up her bosom to giddy heights, pinched in her  waist, flared out her rear, and managed to suggest that Aunt Alexandra's  was once an hour-glass figure. From any angle, it was formidable."""
I thought this was an exelent book the characters are great and the story is good. There was many conflics and it is a great story of growing up and maturing.
"To begin with, we should really rate this book more than 5 stars, but we can't.  It is the tragic story of unjustice in a small Southern town which is full of prejudices and mysterious secrets which are uncovered by the  heroine, Scout, her brother Jem and their friend Dill.  This is a wonderful  coming-of-age story, though it does not talk of the passage from  adolescence to adulthood, but shows how an 8 year old girl loses her  innocence.  We would strongly reccomend this book for young adults.  The  end succinctly wraps up the story, and the way the author puts the climax  in the beginning is wonderfully clever. In conclusion, this book shows so  much of our life, and we reccomend adolescents read this book because of  the insights of life it presents to the reader. Reader beware, To Kill A  Mockingbird will play upon your heart and soul and it will leave you  thinking about values you and others hold in your lives.  In short, we  loved it, and it is possibly one of the best books we will ever read."
This book is great not only because of the moral value it brings but for the description of the point of vue of a 6 year old child that's going threw things that kids usually experience at age 13 or 14 but what I think fascinated me the most was the people thought in the southern county of  Maycomb.Why did Miss Lee decied to make Tom Robinson die maybe she could of  made him a hero and prove that life was good for everybody.But I guess it  made me think more about reality.The part that touched most and made a few  tears run down my cheaks was when  Boo Radley saved Jem at the end.Iswear  it made me love his role in the book.I wish there was a sequel to this  book.But there would probably be no point.I wish people who read this  book don't have to read it by force but by pleasure.Thank youA great  touched fan.
This book is great not only because of the moral value it brings but for the description of the point of vue of a 6 year old child that's going threw things that kids usually experience at age 13 or 14 but what I think fascinated me the most was the people thought in the southern county of  Maycomb.Why did Miss Lee decied to make Tom Robinson die maybe she could of  made him a hero and prove that life was good for everybody.But I guess it  made me think more about reality.The part that touched most and made a few  tears run down my cheaks was when  Boo Radley saved Jem at the end.Iswear  it made me love his role in the book.I wish there was a sequel to this  book.But there would probably be no point.I wish people who read this  book don't have to read it by force but by pleasure.Thank youA great  touched fan.
"This book was really good.  Although at parts the fact that Scout was the narrarator sort of got hard to understand, most of it was great, and a lot of fun.  When I analyzed it for fun, I got even more out of it."
"This book is my all-time favorite.  I have read it over and over since the first time I was introduced to it as a young teenager.  The characters are real and the story is timeless.  This book moves me every time I read it.  For those of you who haven't read it yet but are about to, I envy you that  first time."
"Once you read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" by Harper Lee, you will realize that this book is one that will touch you forever.  The characters are so poignant, so real and so touching.  The plot realistically portrays  racism, as well as it's effects and reactions to it, in the South at the  time.  Lee does an excellent job incorporating reality, the somberness of  the matter at heart, as well as a few laughs for good measure, into this  book.  You may laugh, you may cry-- but the inevitable truth is that you  will end up reading a book that is very difficult to put down, and  impossible to forget."
"TKAM is a wonderful book about growing up in a small Alabama town in the 1930's.  It shows the maturing of the children, their life struggles, their trimuphs etc.  Harper Lee does a wonderful job of letting you get inside  the mind of Scout Finch and puts you in her shoes.  Putting yourself in  someone else's shoes is a common theme and Harper Lee made me feel that I  was Scout, I was a close confidant of hers, or that I could see right into  her mind and feel what she felt.  TKAM is full of symbolism and is a  touching novel. A+"
"To Kill A Mockingbird is definately a book you want to read.  Although it was written long ago, the themes of the novel still have strong applications to the modern society.  The issues are the same: race  relations, family/single parent, education, customs/heritage, culture,  legal system.Harper Lee's masterpiece gracefully tells the story of a  young girl narrating her experiences growing up in the South.  Reading the  narrative allows for us to remember the kid in our own hearts, and the  playfulness and innocence of such a childhood.  Reading the book also puts  a number of pressing social issues right into our faces, and subconsciously  we find that we are influenced by the work of Harper Lee, in this  respect.I have bought this book for many people, and strongly encouraged  them to read it.  Truly, in my mind, it is an all-time classic that nobody  should miss out on."
"I first got this book for my Literature and i got feedback from my Aunts and my mum. And they all said stuff like it was a really boring book. So i read it for myself and guess what! I actually found it GREAT! I recommend  this book for all those who love Literature and reading. It contains good  Vocabulary and this would be a great help to those who lack it. Being told  from the child's point of view, it was exciting and of course, humourous!  Read it! it's the perfect read!"
"To Killl A Mockingbird is a slow start book.  Harper Lee put herself in the book as Scout.  She has a brother, Jem, her father is Atticus, and a family cook, Calpericus.  The time period is of when people were very  racist.  Their father is a lawyer and ends up defending an  ""innocent"" black man.  The family is singled ou, plus they have a  black cook.  Time passes, and Atticus gets older, so Jem does more things  with Scout. Yes, I would have someone read this book.  It goes through a  very interesting court trial.  The trial displays the feelings white people  had for black people.  Once you get past the begining, the book keeps your  attention, and makes you want to keep reading.  There are many exciting  ""run-ins"" with characters that are a joy to read."
"Harper Lee gets to you, from the start. she covers important issues like racism and growth. She creates such a vivid picture in your head, and covers the alabama accent clearly. I had to read this in 9th grade, and I  plan on buying this book soon. There is a lot of symbolism in the book and  hidden messages. Everyone should read it at least once!"
"one thing no one ever remembers to mention about this book: it's funny (if you have anything resembling a sense of humor, you will laugh out loud at least once, guaranteed...but be warned, you might just cry a little too...).There is much that one can learn in it's pages about ethics, the depression era south, parenting, respect, dignity, pride, and crafting a well written sentence (the subtler points of these tend to be universally lost on 14 year olds and high school english teachers alike).well worth the time and money!"
"The book To Kill a Mockingbird was an great book. However, there were parts of the book which nI did not agree with, and did not like. The book got off to a boring, slow start, but turned out to be an excellent book.  The book is writted through this girl named Scout. She has a brother, Jem,  and a best friend, Dill. The book starts out with the three of them trying  to get Boo Radley out of his house. However, during the middle of the book  they get involved in a trial, which leads to what happens in the end. This  book has excellent suspence, and an excellent story line. I suggest this  book to everyone. It is a great book!  :) Note: dont let the slow start  make you quit this book in the beginning. The book gets sooooo much soooooo  much sooooo much better!  Read this book!"
"Well I am only 14 but when my dad wanted me to read this book I wasn't all to thrilled about it, I usually don't find many books that I really enjoy, But this one touched the heart, kept me wanting more the whole time, and  the characters are so realistic, you feel like you could be one of them. My  favorite part of this book is the mystery about Boo Radly, thats what kept  me wanting to find out who he really was. I recomand this book to everyone  ages 11 and up. Its one of the greatest classics. Read it and find out."
"I am not a reader, but right when I opened this book my freshman year of high school, it was wonderful. The adventures of Scout, Jem and Dill are amazing. Scout relates to a lot of girls who are ""Tom Boys"" like I used to be. The mysterious Boo Radley makes you want to continue reading, as he hides more and more things in the tree. The Ewell's were a horrible  family... Dirty, and really rude people... I thought this book was written extremely well, in  fact, next to The Great Gatsby, this has got to be one of my favorite  books. You should reasd this book when you get the chance."
"no offense to anyone who liked it, but i thought it was boring"
"I found this book an absolute pleasure to read.  It flows well and the characters are very compelling.  And, not only is it a ""good read"", but there are excellent morals and values to be found as well.  It's a book that could be read over and over again, with new insights  gleaned each time."
It was probabaly the most interesting book I have ever read.  The total feeling and mood of this book is breathtaking...
"I first read this book because I knew I'd be forced to read it later this year. I was sucked into the story of Scout, a six year old girl who innocently watches the events that unfold in her town around a black man  accused of rape. This story is full of interesting  characters, truthful  morals, and humorous irony. I was also suprised to find a writer who does  children justice. Instead of having them  be ""a bunch of dumb  kids"" they show insight and personality. Go Harper Lee!"
"I have read this book at least 10 times (and I don't even like to read), and I absolutely love it!!! It is a moving, deep story of prejudice, family, and friends in the south, and its so different and great cause it  is told by one person, but she expresses many views. You have not read a  good book until you've read To Kill A Mockingbird."
"I was sixteen years old when I first read this book.  As with many, it was required reading.  The night before it was due, I decided I would attempt to muster through it.  I kept reassuring myself that if I could manage to  hit the halfway mark, I'd be okay...boy, was I in for a surprise! When I  got half of the book finished, I realized something strange:  for the first  time in my life, I did not want to stop reading, even if it was to get a  drink or eat.  Harper Lee had spun a tale that I could relate to, growing  up in Geneva, Alabama.  I was Scout.  Lee had taken this mixed-up world  that we lived in and turned it on its ear by showing it to us through the  eyes of someone we once knew--ourselves.  So much of this novel reminded me  of how I was as a child--wide-eyed and innocent, before the world and all  of its troubles set in.  I have read many of the reviews here and while  most are for the novel, the ones against and the reasoning behind them  bother me.  Many of the allegations are that this book is prejudice.  This  book is no more prejudice than any other great work of fiction.  It is just  portraying life as it was back then.  If the truth is always right, then  why isn't this book? I'm not agreeing with the views, but am also adult  enough to know that they did exist and to acknowledge their presence.  The  other allegation, that children could not feel the emotion Lee writes about  is ludicrous.  How can one person know what another feels?  Children do  experience a whole scale of human emotion, just are unable to give it a  name.  Any emotion can be felt at any age. To make a long story short, BUY  THIS BOOK!  You will not be sorry.  If you've already read it, reread it  and pass it on your children.  It will be one thing you passed on that they  will be grateful for always."
"When I was 10, I saw the movie and, at my father's urging, read the book.  Both are masterpieces and still bring tears to my eyes.  This Christmas, my son is 10.  He loves computer games and shoot-em-ups and all the stuff  10-year-old boys love.  He also loves to read.  It's time he read To Kill A  Mockingbird and learned what courage really is.  That hate is fear.  That  violence is cowardly. That prejudice is an easy out for a lazy mind. I want  Atticus Finch to be my son's hero, as he was mine."
It was a little funny and it really made you thin
"I chose to read this book for a literary analysis recently, but it was much better than I thought it would be. Being Southern, it's hard for me to find many accurate novels about the South, but as old as this book is, I  have never read one closer to the real thing. I finished it in two days,  and want to read it again as soon as I can."
"A story that tells how life is, To Kill a Mockingbird.  This is great!  It doesn't hide the trouth of life.  It doesn't care about feeling it is as grafic as they come.  It isn't like most books that have like this farytale  ending it is all ok in the end type this is real.  It starts out with two  kids in the summer and there early days.  Just playing games and being  innocent.  It is about there lifes in a little town.  After summer ends  it is time to start school for the first time.  This is a big chapter in  life were the world starts to expand.  This book was well written.  It  is Narrated by the girl in the story.  The name of the girl in the story is  Scout.  This book reminds me of the book of Mice and Men.  IT is just  little everyday things in life and then somthing big and a big let down.  That is what life is is a series of let downs you work hard play hard and  may win but more often it is a let down.  This book will keep your  attention and then it will get serious and then it is a ferious ending.  This book is real.  I mean we all can remeber those times were we tried as  hard as we could to get somthing be within inches thought you had it then  bam it is gone.  That is real and this book is exactly it.  It is like  saying to sombody this isn't fair and them saying yea but that is life.  That is what this book is life.  I recomend this book.  It is laid back  remonising on the old days then comes a trial and then a awsome end.  It is  a well rounded book and will keep you interested."
"To Kill A Mockingbird was about a very deep and sad topic-African Americans vs. Whites.  After I had read the book,  it took me a minute to get beack into the 1990's.  It was one of the very few books that drew my a  purfect picture of what it would have been like to live then.  The author,  Harper Lee, had a way of telling you exactly what was going on through an  eight year old girl.  The emotions of the girl, Scout, were perfectly seen  and there was never any confusion about any thing at all.  On the  whole, this book was VERY good, but it reached right into your soul.  I'd  say:  GO READ IT!"
"This book is truly magnificant. No words can describe. Like many other people, the only reason why I started to read it was for an English assignment. At first I thought it was going to be really boring, but I was  soon proven wrong. Even the first chapter was interesting. Harper Lee is  truly a talented person. This book it totally original and creative. If you  haven't read it yet, then I strongly advise you to read it. Once you start,  you won't be able to put it down. The only regret I have was that I didn't  read it earlier.  So READ IT, HECK, BUY IT!"
"When I read this book for the first time as a young girl, I didn't understand most of the symbols the author used and I didn't think the book was well written. When I went back and read it in high school, I could not  help but feel that I was in Maycomb, Jem was my brother, Atticus, my  father. This book places you not in a time, but in a common sense of  emotion shared by all human beings. To Kill A Mockingbird is a timeless  classic that should be shared by all."
"This classic is one of those ""required"" novels that young people will be surprised to find they actually enjoy. This is mainly because the narrator, Scout, is such a likable tempestuous girl whose unflinchingly  honest opinions are often as amusing as they are truthful. As the novel  begins, Scout is a 6-year-old attending school for the first time. Her  teacher is a newcomer to Maycomb, and although her methods of teaching  frustrate Scout, her father Atticus explains that one never really knows a  person until he walks around in that person's skin. This theme of  ""putting oneself in another's place"" echoes throughout the novel,  as Scout clumsily continues to ridicule or fear people who are different  than she. One of these people is a mysterious neighborhood recluse named  Boo Radley. Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill naively turn the  situation into a game in which they try to get Boo to come out of his  house. In the meantime, they create their own idea of what Boo must look  like, and the composite they come up with is a seven-foot ogre who eats raw  animals. The kids are unaware of their cruelty in ""reenacting""  Boo's life, and their insensitivity is a metaphor for prejudice, which  stems from people's ignorance, and which is also in abundance among the  conservative Southern white folks in Maycomb. The standout character is  Atticus, who is a lawyer. His motive is clearly not money, since they live  in one of the poorest areas in the country; he is an idealist. Soon he will  fight an uphill battle involving a young black man named Tom Robinson, a  church-going family man who has nevertheless been accused of raping a  19-year-old white girl. Most of the townspeople are scandalized and  pronounce him guilty on the spot, even when it becomes apparent during the  trial that the ""evidence"" doesn't fit the accusation. Tom is  almost too saintly as a character, but then, he is more of a symbol than a  person--the mockingbird of the title. His reluctance to utter the  ""unfit"" language that the girl's father, Bob Ewell, so readily  uses, shows his gentle good breeding. Atticus has repeatedly told Scout  that killing a mockingbird is a sin, because they do no harm to anyone.  Scout sees how Tom Robinson, Boo Radley, and even Atticus at times, fit  into the ""mockingbird"" theme, and that is the first glimmer of  maturity and understanding experienced by her. The book is unique  because it encompasses so many emotions: humor, misery, tragedy,  indifference to others' suffering, loneliness, nobility, understanding,  bravery, and acceptance. Scout herself is as feisty a heroine as any recent  tomboys; she refuses to repress herself, even when she is told to be  ""a lady"". Atticus is almost god-like in his idealism; he is  clearly a metaphor for Jesus in his lack of materialism and determination  to seek justice at all costs. Jem, Scout's older brother, is so naive in  his idealism that he, too, is wounded like the ""mockingbird""; he  did not realize that prejudice is so deep that no amount of logic can  instantly dispose of it. Dill is the classic ""child orphan"" who  is also wounded in his own way--emotionally. Mayella Ewing, Tom's accuser,  is also a mockingbird in a sense--she was so mistreated, abused, and  lonely, without any friends or confidantes, that she inspired the pity of a  black man--an unforgivable sin on Tom's part, as far as the majority of  Maycomb was concerned. There are so many noble and spiteful characters that  the reader will not be bored; this book is truly an inspiration for all."
This book portrays the innocence of a child and the predjudice that a child has to find out. I loved this book and recomend it to anyone. This book is truly a work of art
I began reading To Kill a Mockingbird as an assignment at school thinking it would be boring. But the characters and their lives just pull you into it and you in one way or another become a part of it.  This is one of the  most interesting books I've read in a long time and I think everyone should  read it
"A wonderful friend of a book that I revisit at least yearly.  A true American masterpiece, one of the best books of this century"
"I am 10 years old and i understood this book. it wasn't the least bit complex. And i didn't have to read this book but my mother said i'd like it. It started out a little boring, but when you get to those action packed  parts, you really start to think. And some people thought it was for  ""mature aduldts""."
This was simply the GREATEST novel ever writen. Harper Lee shows her talent of getting poeple hooked on books and want them to turn the pages and see what's going to happen next.
"I have read it twice and am currently reading it for my english class. Harper Lee goes into so much depth of childhood it is amazing. From the perspective of a 6 year old (in the beginning) and later as she grows up  and matures. If you look closely, you can identify multiple allusions to  the bible; for example, Atticus is a Christ figure. Everything he does is  morally, ethically, and what-ever-else-you-could-think-of correct. I cannot  claim responsibility for this finding,  though. My excellent teacher  brought it to my attention. Back to the point, this book is so full of  morals and themes that it is mezmorizing. This could teach us all many  valuable lessons. READ IT! You can thank me later."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was the greatest book I have ever read in my life.  No other book caught me like this one did.  There was so much that I could relate to, like the childhood mischief and the schools."
"This book is about the lives of Jem and Scout, two kids that grew up in the 1930s. They were curious and growing. They always have someone to be suspicous about. It starts on a light note. They want to know about Aurthor  ""Boo"" Radley. They snoop around his house all the time. Then as  time goes on, and they grow older, more serious issues arise. A colored  man's life is at steak. Jem and Scout don't know the seriousness of it till  later. This is a very good book, and I recomend it to people that enjoy  suspence and mystery. Thanks for your time."
Harper Lee's novel explores with humor and honesty of a childs  recollection of life among eccentric characters in a small town which seems  untouched by reality of the times and the injustice of racial prejudice.  Lee's style of writing is flowing and easy to understand.  She has created  a contemporary American classic.
"When I first read this, I thought it was good.  The second time I read  this I saw it for what it really is.  Lee's characters are well portrayed,  and the charater of Dill and its resemblence to Truman Capote is brilliant,  and Atticus left me speechless.  If anyone hasn't read this, they should.  It is a book not to be missed."
"I just finished studying to Kill a Mockingbird in depth, and it is really  a classic.  It has great artistic unity, humor, iorny, and wisdom.  I loved  Atticus's definiton of courage as fighting and unwinnable fight, such as  the Tom Robinson trial.  This is also the case with Mrs.  Dubose, she  fought the unwinnable fight, she knew she was going to die.  The tiltle fo  the book is also very meaningful.  It applies to Boo Radly, Scout and Tom.  By saying Bob Ewell fell on his knife, Boo was saved for death.  If people  found out that Boo saved the children, they would bring him pies, this  would be death for Boo, he could not stand the light.  Also, Tom, because  he was killed, and he was innocent.  He simply commited the sin of feeling  sorry for a black woman.  And finally, Scout is also a Mockingbird, Bob  Ewell wanted to kill and innocent little girl.  Maycomb was filled with all  kind of prejudice, even between own religions, such as Maudie and the foot  washing baptists.  Atticus has great wisdom, he knew exactly what he was  doing with those children."
"Through the eyes of Scout Finch, the town she lives in - and the  surrounding world - seem clear cut; she doesn't see the colour lines adults  do and because of this is able to form sincere relationships with people of  all races.  This portrayal of life in the deep South (particularly notable  through the language!) is told in a heartfelt and passionate manner which  challenges the way you think.  It is the childish logic of Scout which  makes us wonder why there is the racial tension there is.  I couldn't put  the book down whilst I was reading it and I dare say it will remain on my  favourites list for a very long time to come."
This is one of the best books I've ever read and I recomend it to anyone  someone who likes to read or doesn't like to read it is a excellent book  expecially part two
"This book was really great.  I really enjoyed it and I think that anyone  young or old would definetely love it!  It has great details and the  description of the people and their ""language"" (chillun, an') is  great.  I would definately recommend this book to anyone who loves to read,  or even who doesnt exactly love to read...like me. Even me, who hates to  read, had to read this book for a school assignment and i couldnt put it  down...especially in part 2.  to everyone: GO GET THE BOOK...ITS TIGHT."
I thought this was a very well written book except for the fact that you  forget the book is being told by a 6 year old child.  The feelings and  emotions felt by Scout throughout the novel  far exceed the emotions felt  by any other children her age.  An example of this is at the end of the  book after she is attacked by Mr. Ewell.  The emotions she feels towards  out on the porch are impossible after such a traumitizing event.
"It's a shame people have given this less than five stars because they  expected it to be more because they heard it was a Great American Novel.  Just pick this up and read it as it was any other book, and then look back  on it. You will realize how wonderful it really was. It captures childhood  innocence and the predjudice in life. Great movie too. Scout, Jem, Dill,  Atticus, Boo.. the list goes on, but were all very realistic characters. I  wonder why Ms. Harper Lee didn't write anymore. I think it's a shame some  of you are bashing this book that only is there to provide us with  enjoyment. It's kinda like killing a mockingbird.."
"I have never in my life wept during a book.  I mean seriously cried my  eyes out.  And yet, when I read this (how should I say it) fabulously  entrancing novel, I was filled with a feeling that I have never felt before  in my life.  This is a book that should be treasured as a jem for the rest  of eternity.  If anyone dies before reading this, there life will be  incompleted."
"My sister bought this book for me for Christmas last year, and I just got  around to reading it. I know now that I should have read it sooner! I've  heard all this stuff about why its a classic and all, but I didn't pay any  attention to it. Ok, I have to admit this, it isn't as WONDERFULLY WRITTEN  AND A BOOK I'D READ OVER AND OVER AGAIN kinda thing. It wasn't that great.  But it was still really cool. I remember thinking throughtout the whole  book that Scout was like, 8 or something. When she said that she finally  started 3rd grade, I was really amazed. I guess I didn't pay that much  attention to that part of it. Still good tho! Well, I gotta go! Gonna go  rent the movie!"
"I am in the process of reading this book in 10th grade Honors English.  At first, I thought it would be like most books we're expected to read in high school...boring, old tomes, etc.  But I got so into the book, and I absolutely fell in love with it during the first chapter.  It is a classic  novel that takes us through four years when Jem and Scout, the main  characters and the children in the book go from Innocence to Experience.  They grow up in the book, and I think that everybody should read it.  I'm  still reading it in school, and watching the movie,  and I love it so much,  now I'm here, buying it.  So, read this book.  It's wonderful."
"The first time I read this book was in 7th grade and I loved it. Now, a first year college student, I am reading it again. The story is so real, involving family and problems within. It talks about relationships between  siblings and friends. But most of all, it talks about stuff that has  happend in history. The way that blacks were treated and how their words  didn't matter in a court room. Not only was the book excellent but the  movie was great. With the movie you can see and feel the emotions that the  characters where going through. I recomend that everyone should read this  book at least once in their life. Also I believe that Middle and High  School teachers should continue having this book as part of their studies."
"The first time I read this book was in 7th grade and I loved it. Now, a first year college student, I am reading it again. The story is so real, involving family and problems within. It talks about relationships between  siblings and friends. But most of all, it talks about stuff that has  happend in history. The way that blacks were treated and how their words  didn't matter in a court room. Not only was the book excellent but the  movie was great. With the movie you can see and feel the emotions that the  characters where going through. I recomend that everyone should read this  book at least once in their life. Also I believe that Middle and High  School teachers should continue having this book as part of their studies."
"There's really not much to say. This book is a classic. I've recently started buying books that I know I'll read over and over until I'm dead. This is one of those books. I just read it for the first time and it will  now live on my bookshelf with Catch-22, Skinny Legs and All, Updike's  Rabbit series, and a handful of others."
"""To Kill A Mockingbird is an excellent book I just finished and think that this novel is the greatest one I have ever read in my life. It is interesting the way the children grow up in this part of the United States of America. My favorite character are Scout and Atticus because they are  very interesting""  Kulsoom"
"I first read this book when I was twelve yrs. old. I found myself enthralled with this accounting of small-town southern living and because the story was told thru the mind of a child I was intrigued with the lovely  vocabulary and the startling clarity of a child's insight. Down thru the  years I would return over and over again charting my growth thru my  uncoverings of the truths written here. As a 14 yr. old I was enlightened  to what rascism was, as a 17 yr old cynic I was justified in my world  weariness,at 25 I was renewed and endowed with optimism for the basic  goodness of mankind, and now.... I am back to open this world to my  children, hoping they'll discover the warmth and beauty and create yet  another link between my heart and theirs."
"When I was nine years old, there were ""rumors"" that African-Americans would be moving into our lily-white community (it was a suburb bordering on the city of Cleveland). The following year  African-Americans did indeed begin moving in - and as a white child I  observed abhorrent racism for several years. The white adults were so  horrific, that I never again could ""trust"" their opinions. I  never discussed this experience with anyone, and when I first read Harper  Lee's book I was in my twenties, and read it non-stop. For the first time  in my life, here was a child who ""voiced"" the essence of what I  had felt when I was a child. Bravo to Harper Lee for her incredible  creativity and fantastic writing. This book should be required reading in  all schools in this country."
"""To kill a mockingbird is a sin"",  but reading this book isn't.  This is a great book that at the end will make you think about life and cry.  It is an emotional book in some places and fun in others.  This book is about a family's life during the time when blacks were not able to do  the things whites did such as go to school.  It is mostly about a little  girl though, and how her brother risked his life in the end for her.  ""Scout"" as they called her, or her real name, Jean Louise, was a  little girl at the time Acttius Finch, her father, defended Tom Robinson a  black man. Mr.Finch was a lawyer and took the case. He would have had to  anyway, but he wanted to.  It's hard to explain all that happens, but if  you read this novel, you will learn things in life that are more precious  than anything else.  It will teach you lessons about life and show you what  is the most important things in life.  It is an emotional story filled with  sadness and happiness.  You will share the feelings and times with Scout  and her family."
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee has conquered the hearts of millions of young readers around the world.  Touching controversial issues such as racism in a  so-called democratic society this novel has become one piece  that many people regardless of age group, can relate to.  To Kill A  Mockingbird deals with the theme of racism in a prejudice society.  The  novels' main conflict is trial against a black man for allegedly raping  Mayella Ewell, s lonely white girl from the suburbs of Maycomb.  The  dilemma of the book is to prove whether or not a fair trial can take place  in the South.  The novel is narrated through the eyes of Scout, a seven  year old tomboy who is unknown to the prejudice society she is part of.  Her father, Atticus Finch is a well-respected lawyer.  Aside, from the  theme of prejudice, in this highly acclaimed novel, the author creates a  mysterious character that is the center of distraction for the vast  majority of Maycomb citizens; Boo Radley.  Both Scout and her brother Jem  become fascinated about this mysterious person and refuse to give up until  they discover his true identity, and because of this they end up getting  into a series of problems.  Regardless of age groups, this novel  touches people in a personal level that anyone can feel reflected on.  At  some points of the novel the reading is so intense that it truly is  necessary to put the book down.  As a 16 year old reader I would recommend  this book because it truly is an extremely influential novel touching on  themes that even today are hard to touch on."
"This book, which has set in the small town of Maycomb (Alabama), follows the story about a little 8-year-old girl named Scout, her brother, Jem, and her father Atticus.  Through the young eyes of Scout and Jem Finch,  Harper Lee explores with rich humor and honesty the irrationality of adult  attitudes toward race and class. The conscience of a town based in  prejudice, violence, and hypocrisy is pricked by the quiet heroism of one  man's struggle for justice. Atticus is an excellent example of someone who  is ahead of their time, he has an unbelievably large amount of love in his  heart, and his children really are his life. He is very up front and honest  with Jem and Scout, always treating them as equals. By looking for the good  qualities within even the poorest or socially marginalized of his clients,  Atticus Finch personifies the true goal of his profession, which is to  provide each person with equal standing and dignity before a jury of his  abilities.  It explores human behavior, kindness and cruelty,  innocence and guilt love and hate. This novel gave me a better insight to  prejudice and life in the south during that era, and left me an impact I  will never forget.  I learned and understood many new aspects  of life by reading this book. Harper Lee has a point to make and she does  it very well. I would recommend it to anyone who is ready to sit down and  really read a great book. This book has been one of my favorites, because  it taught me different ways to see life and the most important...values  that changed my mind."
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book about life in a small southern town  in 1935. It emphasises the extent of racism and how it affects every one. I  like how Harper Lee wrote with compassion about her characters.
"I complained all day about reading the book.  Then a friend urged me to  continue saying ""It's a classic, you'll love it!""  I did!  The  book captured my imagination as I read on, the characters seemed so real!  Now, I can't wait to begin my school year to see everyonelse's veiws on  this fabulous novel!"
"The first time I read the book was when I had to sit for my English  Literature paper in my final year in secondary school. I didn't expect it  to be that incredible and so alive. And till today, after so many years, I  could still memorise the lines and still visualise Scout and her family."
harper lee has shown us all the evil of just not racism but of all  prejudice and bigotry.  it is simply awesome
"I first read the book when I was 11 years old. At that time , there were a  few aspects (about rape and racial prejudice) which I didn't really  understand, having being brought up in a sheltered world in India. Yet,  somehow the book went straight to the heart if only because of the love the  protagonists felt towards each other and which shone through in the book  -the strong bond between Scout,Jem,Atticus and Cal, and the unlikely and  poignant friendship between the children and Boo Radley. As I grew up , I  re-read the book several times and have never failed to be moved by it. I  feel that it is a story which transcends barriers of language and society,  like all great literature does. The recreation of the childhood world is  wonderful-living in a different country and society, Scout and Jem's  fantasies could still have been my own. Each time I read the book I'm  impresssed by the accuracy with which the author has recreated the world of  childhood- it is a world which all of us have inhabited at some time, but  which tends to get buried ubder the moss of years until a book like this  comes along. The racial prejudice and the irrationality exhibited by  apparently ""solid citizens"" is something which keeps cropping up  again and again in different forms in every society -another reason why I  feel the book is so universal. But ultimately, what has made this book one  of my all time favourites is that it re-affirms one's faith in humanity  -the unswerving courage shown by Atticus  (and perhaps Boo Radley too  though in a different context), the simple goodness of ordinary folk like  the Judge, Sheriff, and Cal, and the spirited idealism of the children, all  remind one that there is light amidst the wilderness.All in all a funny,  moving, poignant,sensitive,wonderful book."
"I was permitted to read this book at the age of 13.  I have continued to  reread it about every three years. I am now 47.  This is a wonderful  journey into childhood and a way of life that is all but gone.  It is also  a tale about injustice, ignorance, and prejudice and the courage of one man  attempting to overcome them. I believe it is a must read for high school  students and or college students.  I cannot recommend this book too highly.  The movie is also a must see, one of few that sticks very close to to the  book. Gregory Peck's portrayal of Atticus is perfect as well of those of  Jem, Scout and Dill. And Robert Duvall as Boo Radley is memorable. To Kill  A Mocking Bird is one of the finest works I have ever read. Read it with a  book discussion group at your local library. It is a true classic."
"I am so glad my English teacher made us read this novel! So far, it is my all time favorite.  It really makes you think about judging people from their outward appearance.  An excellent novel!"
"Regardless of how American race relations fluctuate, this book still carries a fresh and sobering message about the price of bigotry.  Lee's view of the world through the eyes of children is especially effective in making the point, and her classic should be read and discussed in schools throughout the United States.John Frye"
"An English teacher of mine once said: ""I've never read To Kill a Mockingbird. I've only heard it. I open the book, and Scout speaks to me."" That pretty much sums it up. It's an accurate portrayel of that time, that place, from the lack of snow to the nutty happiness-hating Christians, and yes, to the racism exhibited by many townsfolk. I don't understand the people who are offended by this - not only is it appropriate for those people, but the negative portrayel of southern whites as racist baboons and idiots (case in point: the Ewells) is far more ""degrading"" than a few uses of the n-word by characters for whom it's appropriate."
"Recommendations and praises about this book from other people were what made me pick up 'To Kill A Mockingbird' and start reading it.  Although it was quite difficult to get into the story on the first chapter the rest of the plot proceeded smoothly enough. The characters were likeable, and the storyline plausible. Harper Lee had put much care in the narrative to make it sound as if an actual child was speaking from her own thoughts and experience, adopting the simple, honest style of writing throughout the novel. All in all, this book is definitely not bad.  However, beware if you're seeking something more than a 'nice' piece of writing silently - and 'nicely' - reprimanding us about racial indiscrimination. This novel might be welcomed by those who come from the southern states and badly want a quiet, pleasant walk down the Memory Lane seeking their childhood again. But it is not, mind you, for others who expect it to be something more thrilling or 'unputdownable' li! ke I did. The book simply lacks a deep emotional or intellectual impact upon the mind. It is what it is - a nice, tastefully bland novel."
"This is quite possibly the best book I have ever read.  The story follows the coming-of-age of Scout and Jim, a sister and brother who are raised by their father in the south.  Their father, a lawyer, is given the task of defending a black man accused of raping a white girl.  Through this trial and their own adventures, the children learn about prejudice and misunderstanding.Because the story is told from Scout's point-of-view, the reader can see the prejudice from a child's perspective.  This very effective tactic makes the prejudices seem more apparent and less logical.  Furthermore, Lee makes her point without being preachy.  The numerous lessons in this book should make it required reading for everyone."
"I was first assigned this book in high school and I really enjoyed it. I recently read it again, and listened to the unabridged book on tape. I laughed, cried, and thouroughly enjoyed every minute of this book. The way Ms. Lee tells the story, from Scout's point of view is amazing. Even though the story is told in retrospect Ms. Lee maintains Scout's innocence in the way she looks at things and understands them. This book should be required reading for every student, and you should read it at least twice to really gain a full appreciation of all it contains. Enjoy!"
I really do not recommend this book to anybody because the whole book is based on prejudice and it centers around a principle that is not correct or appropriate. This is a required book for ninth graders and I think that it is ridiculous that they should be required to read this book because they are learning about Black prejudice and it is as though no one wants to acknowledge White prejudice at all. There are words that are offensive to Black people yet nothing negative is even thought about White people.
"ANYTHING BUT!!!!  When my English teacher assigned this book, I thought, ""My gosh, could anyone pick a dumber-sounding book?"".  I was wrong.  Dead wrong.  The depth that Harper Lee gave her characters was unfathomable.  They seemed so real.  As if you could go down south, and visit everyone in Maycomb County.  I enjoyed the book so much, that I bought my own copy, and read it twice over.  The only people that were in my class that didn't like it were the shallow ones, who didn't take the time to realize that there was more to life than the next fad TV show.  There  were 20 people in that class.  All skeptical.  18 loved it.  The other two......  All the characters are forever etched in my mind, from cantankerous old Mrs. Dubose, to shy and reserved Boo Radely.  Anyone with an appreciation for literature will surely adore this book."
"This book is one thing.  A Masterpiece.  You can give it all the wonderful names but those names add up to one thing.  A Masterpiece.  Many people ask me why I think it is such a Masterpiece.  They laugh at the books title.  my response to them is always don't judge a book by it's cover, (or in this case it's title).  This is a powerful book that uses such subjects that make our hearts stop beating.  In this book, I feel like I'm part of the story.  How many books can you say this about?  All together, It is truly one of the most prized pieces of literture in American history!"
"I am not sure when the first time I read the book was or saw the movie, but I do know that I fell in love with both.  Being from Alabama and having relatives that are from and still live in Monroeville I can relate to it very well.  It is a quite, sleepy little southern town just like it was when the book was written.  The book made me realize how people were then and how we really hadn't changed any.  If you haven't read the book or seen the movie than you are missing out.  It truly is a classic that will be handed down from generation to generation."
"When I first read this book in 1962, I was the  same age as the narrator, Scout.  I was from  Alabama, too, and I recognized so many of the  characters (Miss Maudie, Miss Rachel, Calpurnia, Aunt Alexandra, and even Boo Radley) that I was  sure that Maycomb was actually my hometown.  I  asked my mama, but she said, ""No.""  However, the  ""real"" Maycomb was just a few miles away.I have read To Kill a Mockingbird hundreds of times, so many that I can quote huge chunks.  It is gratifying that so many people agree with me that it's a great book, but even if no one else agreed, I would still think it was the best book in the world!"
"I read this book as a class assignment a while ago and, for that reason, I was fully prepared to hate it. However, To Kill A Mockingbird  managed to break down this barrier. I loved this book because it had everything that makes a book worth reading. Besides the obvious plot, that of a young girl growing up in a small Alabama town, there is the deeper, more complicated story of overcoming racism. This is a book that anyone can enjoy, whether you want a good mystery or a book that comments on our society today. I would recomment it to anyone of any age."
"Simply marvelous in both technique and content. Brilliantly written in first person as only a master of her craft could possibly accomplish. This was Lee's only novel, and when you've done it right, one may just be enough. Recommended reading for anyone, especially those of us from the South. This is who we were, and who we still are under the surface veneer of only sixty years of attempt to change perceptions of people. Outstanding book."
"To Kill a Mockingbird was published when I was a young girl.  After reading Nancy Drew books and candy striper novels, and becoming a ""hooked"" reader, I finally understood what reading was all about when I discovered Harper Lee.  How disappointed I was to learn that Ms. Lee wrote one masterpiece and then no more.  But she made me understand the makings of this man, Atticus Finch, who defends the poor and undefended -- a man who is as deeply committed a parent as I have ever seen.  Atticus is a gentle soul, and a compassionate and tender father to his motherless children.  He calmly explains to Scout, and by his deeds demonstrates to her, that an individual can't capitulate to the violence and ignorance that surrounds him or her because then that person becomes part of the problem and not part of the solution.  I can't be really sure, since it has been so many years since my first reading of this remarkable book, but somewhere along the line, I decided to become an attorney and become a voice for the voiceless.  I have a feeling Atticus Finch had a lot to do with my choice.  I don't think it was by chance that, many years after my initial read of To Kill a Mockingbird, my son, at age thirteen, not exactly a ""hooked"" reader as I am, was assigned this book and fell in love with Scout and Atticus.  He didn't complain about reading it and we discussed the content of the book, realizing that, thirty five years later, the story still had enormous meaning and relevance.  And I found myself compelled to read the book again.  It was more wonderful the second and third time around as it was when I was ten.  I don't know how many books I have read in my life (probably hundreds and hundreds) but this little book still makes me feel and think and resolve to do just a little bit better."
"Nothing does this book justice other than reading it and experiencing it for yourself.  I cannot believe that I had not been introduced to this book sooner in life.  If you must read this book for a class, like myself, an incoming law school student, please actually take the 12 hours to read it.  Do not waste time with the movie, because it leaves out too many important details.  It is very light reading, so you will have no problem with finishing it in a timely manner.  Plus, you will never want to put it down."
"Absolutely brilliant - the characterisation, the plot, and best of all, the symbolism. Excellent. I've read it four times in the space of a year."
"I first read To Kill A Mockingbird in high school, sophomore year.  I was required to.  When I finished it, I turned back to the front and read it again.  I am from the South, and I KNOW these people.  This is us, whether we like it or not.  A beautiful novel, and a great novel of childhood, with the likes of A Prayer For Owen Meany, and Stephen King's novella ""The Body.""  Sure, in many ways it is racist in its views, but THIS IS PRE WORLD WAR II SOUTHERN AMERICA!  Like it or not, people actually thought like this.  I've never understood those people who want to rewrite history for their own ends.  It just proves that they're not paying attention.  Atticus Finch is one of the great American characters of fiction, and the morality of this book shines through.  The naysayers will fall into the past and be forgotten; this book never will.  By the way, Boo Radley is not an outdated plot device.  Boo Radley is Reginald Denny.  Boo Radley is Oscar Schindler.  Boo Radley is the lone man who stood in front of the tank in Tianammen Square.  Boo Radley is, quite simply, us.  The best of us."
"I read To Kill A Mockingbird for the first time in the sixth grade, and I've read it many times since then.  I majored in English in college, and there has yet to be a book that touched me in the way that this one has.  As many times as I've read it, I get something new from it every time.  It is a beautiful story of childhood innocence, and the prejudice and racism that corrupts that innocence.  There are also quite a few humorous parts.  If I could only read one book for the rest of my life, this would be the one!"
"To say that this classic moved me would be an magnificient understatement.  At age 12, it opened my eyes and soul to a period that was previously shrouded in generalities.  At age 21, it still continues to grip me with Lee's chilling displays of ignorance and blind hate.  It's my personal #1 favorite and recommended reading to anyone!"
"Now I'm not one of those negative people that go around bashing everything just for the pleasure of making everyone else miserable, so please do not make that assumption. I was made to read this book for and English class and I absolutely hated it! I'm not rascist at all, so don't make that assumption either. The whole time I was reading this I kept thinking how much this whole thing sounds like it was written by a 5th grader! Not just when the kids were speaking either. The writing style overall just seemed very juvenile to me. This ""great American classic"" just seemed to be replaying the old boring rascism vs. humanity theme that we've all seen time and time and time again. But this time it just has an even dumber ending! Everyone says how ""deep"" this novel is and how much thought it takes to really know and love the story. When actually, there are only a few tiny little moments when you have to know on your own what's really going on and decide for yourself. The plot goes absolutely nowhere! Yes a few things change, but by the end of the story, basiclly the same thing is happening that was happening when the story first begins! This novel was BORING! Not because I don't understand it, but because it has a lack of any real depth to it at all. It was about as inspirational and moving as ""The Cat in the Hat""."
"Let's face it.  There's nothing great about To Kill a Mockingbird.  Nothing at all.  It is is an American classic simply because America felt the need to call a book about itself a classic, and this happened along, blindly, stupidly, to be that book.  From a technical standpoint, there's nothing wrong--Lee writes coherently, and although her book shifts topic suddenly, without cause or warning, she tends to stay on topic.  There are so many American writers that came shortly before Lee or were actually contemporaries of her that do not get recognition despite their far superior work.  Henry Miller offered a REAL view of America, ugliness and all, and it wasn't what Americans were looking for, to the point that they banned his writing.  Someone should ban Lee's book because we tell our students that this is an ideal of literature whereas it is really just a regular old novel, like anything else the paperback racks had to offer at the time.  There was nothing great here.  I could write a novel that had notecard characters--even the narrator seemed a little hollow, and Boo Radley was just deus ex machina with a clever, sleepy-southern-town name--and no one would care.  The mystery remains, why did anyone care about this?"
"At the beginning of my 8th grade year in my southern Catholic school, one of our books to read in Literature was To Kill A Mockingbird. While everyone was complaining about the book and didn't read it untill the day before the test, I went home and plunged into the world of Scout, Jem, and Atticus. I remember wanting Atticus as a father because he seemed so fair and calm and collected. I finished the book in one day. I will never forget my favorite line from the book,""Shoot all the blue jays you want, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."" Though many in my class did not get it, th best moral teaching I have found to date is in that last chapter, while Atticus and Scout are talking about Boo and the shooting. I am now exicted because I was assigned to read it for high school. I am looking forward to enjoying it this time and many other times. It is my wish that all people have the oppurtuinty to read this book."
"I re-read this novel every year.  This is repetitive of other reviews, but this is the book that made me love reading."
"In my opinion, there is no better  American novel than TO KILL A  MOCKINGBIRD - I agree with all the  five-star reviews below so I'd like  to add something untouched here -  Lee's brilliant use of symbolism.  There is a family of beautifully  powerful symbols throughout the book  - the burning of Miss Maudie's  house, Jem's snowman smeared with  mud, the melting of the snowman, the  Ewell's fence surrounding the house, the  red geraniums on the Ewell's  property, Jem's clipping of white  camellias, the mockingbirds, and of  course the most wonderful  characters, Atticus, Scount, Jem,  Tom, and Boo....Want to know the  meaning of those symbols... read the  timeless classic!"
"My English teacher saved this book for last this year because she said it was her favorite. I'm glad we got to spend so much time with this wonderful book. Once I started it, I couldn't put it down! This is a portrait of the South at a very heated time,(even Scout says, ""Somehow, it was hotter then."") The story is full of symbolism. Scout's narration lacks the bias of most adults and has the insight only a young child can possess. It's my new favorite book!"
"This very well may be the best book ever written. It moves you in ways no other book can. Throughout the book Scout (the main character) expresses her obsession with finding a reclusive neighbor called Boo. What Scout finds out, as does every person that reads this book, is that a human being is a human being no matter how he or she lives. It is the simplest message that there ever was in any book, yet the author puts it into an incredibly beautiful tale of one little girls life in the prejudice south of the first half of the 20th century. This book should be read by every person, man, woman, boy, or girl, in America. It is a masterpiece that will live in your heart forever. I know it does in mine."
"I read the book TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD by Harper Lee for a book report at school.  Once I got into the book, I loved it.  The storyline is very original and the characters were well developed.  I couldn't wait to turn the next page!  Harper Lee really captured the essence of that time and the peoples reactions to each other."
"One word: M-A-S-T-E-R-P-I-E-C-E. What else can I say?  I am an avid reader, but ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is an unparalleled work of pure literary gold.  Read this book if you'd like to fall in love with reading."
I first read this book in 9th grade English class. We were only supposed to read a chapter a day.  I am a very fast reader and I would read several chapters a day because I couldn't wait to find out what happened next.  Reading was my first love and I had read hundreds of books by the time I was 14 but To Kill a Mockingbird took me to a whole different level of reading enjoyment.  I have read it once a year for the last 26 years and I love it every time.  I highly recommend it to anyone!
"Harper Lee's To Kill a Mocking Bird is a brilliant  story about two children who live with there father and the troubles they deal with concerning him. The children experience many ups and downs in  this book.  There questions about the world are never really addressed properly.  They are confused about their father's occupation and the people that live in their neighbourhood.  This book makes you feel angry about some of the decisions and comments made.  The ending was splendid.  Although some of the results were disappointing and predictable, it was a page turner.  I recommend this book to people of all ages.  It is a book that will be never forgotten."
"This book is about a girl named Jean Louise Finch.  Jean is nicknamed Scout and that is what her name is now.  Scout has a brother named Jem.  Jem and Scout live in Maycomb county with Atticus their father and Calpurnia their cook.  They are neighbors with the Radleys.  Boo, the Radley's son is supposed to be mad.  He has been locked up and has threatened his father.  Scout and Jem, with their new friend Dill sneak up on the house and are making plots to see Boo.  This book is not just about Boo and the children, it is also about segregation.  Atticus is defending a black man named Tom Robinson.  Mayella Ewell, a white woman is accusing Tom of rape.  Against an all white jury will Atticus be able to persuade them that Tom is innocent? Will the children see Boo? Read the book to find out!"
"I'm no critic, but if you read only one book in your lifetime, To Kill A Mockingbird should be it.  Usually I'm one to keep my mouth shut as not to show my ignorance, but I just can't keep quiet about this.  I've never read a better book to date and don't ever expect to, and I suspect if you read it you'll feel the same way.  I know Atticus Finch is a fictional character, but he has been a role model for me since the first time I read this masterpiece.  I could go on and on and never say enough good things about this book, so I'll just leave it with these few poor words that could never do justice to the greatest book I have ever read."
"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a novel I have read over and over again.  The themes and characters are universal, and they go right to your heart.  The book revolves around the expierences of a young Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch in a rural south town called Maycomb.  Other main characters are her brother Jem and father Atticus, along with a cast of others.  There are thousands of little stories within the novel, and it is amazing to see how each event effects the life of this young girl.  The books main themes are racism, understanding, family, compassion, and the danger of stereotypes.  The book reads quickly and you will not want to put it down.  I myself have read the book on four different occasions.  It will touch your heart in a different way every time you read it."
The author splendidly created a book in which the childhood adventures of the children were not fake but real life things that often take place in everday kids' lives. The stories of the insane neighbor and the many things the children do in the story make me think of my own childhood when I roamed about my neighborhood.
"This is a great book about the life of a white family whose father takes on a case with a black man. The children have to go through alot like being teased at school because their father is defending a black man. They also live by Boo Radley that hasn't been seen for years.  The kids are scared of him and think that he is going to hurt them, but when Scout and Jem are attacked Boo saves Jem's life and they really find out that Boo isn't a bad guy after all.  This is one of the best book I ever had to read."
"This is a great book about the life of a white family whose father takes on a case with a black man. The children have to go through alot like being teased at school because their father is defending a black man. They also live by Boo Radley that hasn't been seen for years.  The kids are scared of him and think that he is going to hurt them, but when Scout and Jem are attacked Boo saves Jem's life and they really find out that Boo isn't a bad guy after all.  This is one of the best book I ever had to read."
"at first when i tried to read this book,the first few pages were to confusing.i had to put it down and stop reading it.later i tried it again,and once i got past the first few pages i couldnt belive how much i loved.it was,and still is one of my favorites out of all the books ive read(and belive me i have read a lot!)most of my books are on my shelves,but this one? oh no!it has its own special place on my basket.i can't bring myself to put it away. then it would be like  i was finnaly addmitting the book was over !and i dont want the magic to end!i didnt put much about the book in here,but mabye if people see how much i love it,they'll read it anyway!here's my advice:DO NOT GO THOROUGH LIFE WITHOUT READING THIS BOOK! ITS GREAT!!!!!!!!!!"
"An IMPRESSIVE classic! It was so good, I seriously  considered entering Law School after reading this! For any classicphobiacs, this book's an excellent, smooth-reading yet intense read!"
"I am just a teenager and I must be honest, I had never enjoyed reading till I read this book, which was recomended by a great teacher. I just started analyzing this book with my high school english class about a month ago. we havent even finished going over the whole thing yet. But, I have never had one thing teach me so much about being a good person. This story, about two small children Jem Finch and Scout Finch living in the judgemental town of Maycomb in Alabama shows us how dangerous a thing racism is, how judging a person by someone elses opinion can turn an innocent man into a recluse and what it means to be a good christian and parent. These people of Maycomb County called themselves Christian when they were living a lie to god, other people and themselves. The setting takes place during the great depression when people had no jobs but to gossip about other people. An example of this is the neighborhood recluse Boo Radley. Many people started saying bad things about him and his past that most of the town was believing a lie, that he was a criminal. Because of this, Boo decides to stay away from people. Harper Lee decides to show the reader how bad people and lies are, and she refers to Boo as a mockingbird, which is an animal that does not bother anyone and is reclusive. The people go on asking themselves why Boo is reclusive when they are the reasons. Another example of people living a lie is the law case of a black man Tom Robinson. He is wrongly accused of raping a girl.The whole town knows who the real raper is , but they continue to lie to themselves that the black man is the wrong-doer.In the middle of this is Atticus Finch, the father of Jem and Scout. He is the only one who brings up his children the right way, which is how he lives his life. Just think for yourself. Maycomb County believes in the lie of racism and that it is the right thing to believe in only because that is how they were taught. But, Atticus is different. He is introspective like his children and his children like ! him. His parents and probably told him that he should judge a person on the color of their skin, but he thought it out realized that racism is the sin. People may not have agreed with him and some of these people tried to kill him for his  beliefs. But, Atticus had what not many people had and what his children picked up from him, this was courage. He decided to stick up for what he believed in. Atticus is the ideal Man-of-god, the ideal parent and the ideal person. Harper Lee probably used his character in this book, hoping to teach her readers how to be an Atticus Finch, Jem Finch, or a Scout. The moral of this book is to think about what you are taught and think for yourself and stick up for what you think is right.  Infact, you dont have to read this masterpiece because I gave you reasons to, but because it is your duty to. After all, what do I know, I am just fifteen and this is maybe my favorite book yet and there are probably many more greater books than this one. What I do know is that this book made me  like to read and To Kill A Mockingird makes me want to be a better person and keep on searching for those greater books."
"I believe that To Kill A Mockingbird is the single most important novel a person can read in their life. My class has just finished reading the novel (10th grade English) and I am just astonished! I am not one who reads alot, but I couldn't wait to finish the novel, but for personal reasons, rather just removing the burden of nightly reading and study questions."
"How can anyone top the remarkable ""To Kill A Mockingbird""? seen through the tender eyes of young Scout Finch,  Lee unfolds the story in a beatiful way. The story was one of the most emotional and heartfelt stories ever. Anyone who thinks this book is too slow had book attention deficit disorder. It was PHEONOMAL. YOU MUST READ IT!"
"I would not be engaging in hyperbole when I say that To Kill A Mockingbird was the single most important book I've read in my life.  I am 35 now, and I read the book at 13 years of age.  Although a voracious reader long before 13, this book was the first piece of true Literature which I had the pleasure of devouring.  It showed me how great literature, great *art*, could transcend the mundane and resonate in the soul ages after reading its final words.  With this book my love of literature kicked into hyperdrive, and I'd have to say that if not for To Kill A Mockingbird I would not have gone on to major in Literature in college.  It still remains a favorite that I re-read every few years.  As an aside, I might add that the movie version was one of the most thoughtful, true-to-the-spirit-of-the-original-work adaptations that I have ever seen on the big screen (or the small screen, for that matter).  I can only hope that this book will continue to be taught in our schools for generations to come."
"This is a great book about life in the South during the 1930s. It's about a brother, sister, and a neighbor named ""Dill"", and the adventures (realistic adventures) that they go on."
"The more I read of this book, the more I learned to love it. Who has read enough John Grisham books but is still interested in reading about law and justice and the means to oppose these, try this book, that fascinates by its great emotions that let the reader feel with little Scout."
"Review of: To Kill A Mockingbird by: Harper Lee To Kill A mockingbird was written in 1960 and published in 1980. It is a story about a 8 year old girl name Jean Louise Finch (scout) and her family growing up  and living a southern county when black people were still often not created  equal in the eyes of the white people who live there. The setting is  Maycomb a county in Alabama. The story is narrated by scout and is based on  the adventures of her, her brother Jem (Jeremy Finch), a friend of theirs  from Mississippi who visits in the summer (Dill), and the children's father  Atticus Finch. Scout doesn't remember her mother who died when scout was  very young. She only hears of her Jem who remembers her a lot better  because he is quite a bit older than she.  Jem, Scout, and Dill have a  infatuation with their neighbors the Radleys who are very shut in and are  rarely ever seen at all outside. The kids are drawn to the house and at  times dare each other to go touch it or something. At one point they go to  investigate one time at night and end up running away while Jem losses his  pants and goes back and finds them mysteriously sewn up and folded on the  fence. It is not till the end of the book till the long lost Boo Radley is  ever seen out of the house.  In the beginning it shows the difference  of schools back then when scout is told she isn't allowed to read or write  any more at home. This is were you first get a look at the lower class  Cummingham who try to be good and the hookworm infested Ewell who is ornery  and only goes to school on the first day. Through the book you see read  scouts troubles with the school she doesn't like.  Atticus is a lawyer  who gets involved in a very sticky rape case where he is chosen to defend a  black man accused by a white man in a dominantly white town. This case  plays the major role in the story and how it unfolds adding some very  interesting plot twists and allowing a setup for a exciting conclusion.  Another important part of the story is the social structure in the town  there are a couple poor families in the town. It is interesting to see the  difference of how one family is poor but respectable and trusted by the  town and the other is controlled by a abusive father who has many kids and  can't support them with his welfare check because he uses it on alcohol.  This man is an Ewell and often causes a lot of trouble for the finches and  the rest of the town.  The story is also effected by scouts aunt or  Atticus' sister. She is very well respected in the town when she comes to  live with the Finches and help Atticus with the kids. She tries to change  Atticus' ways of parenting and turn Jem into a gentlemen and scout into a  lady.  This story is quite unique and has quite a few very exciting  parts and has a the ability to keep you reading. It is also very  unpredictable and often surprises you.  I wasn't sure if I was going  to like this book much at all at first but once I got into it I did like it  and the pages seemed to go quicker than I thought and I began to like it  quite a bit. I liked the unique feisty character of scout and the usually  calm and collective personality of Jem like his father.  I liked how  the author made the Ewells (at least the Bob Ewell) mean and nasty enough  to make me forget how I might feel sorry for them and their misfortune and  almost despise them and make me happy when things don't go their way.  The author also uses the southern scene of prejudice to the plots advantage  often making me feel sorry for the blacks and rooting for them at the  trial.  In all of this the author also was able to fit in many of the  main characters physical traits such as Atticus getting older and start to  slow down and become more fragile. You see that scout get bigger and is no  longer easily able to sit in the lap of her father. Jem also gets older and  starts to get into a moody stage and many new physicalcharacteristics  appear.  The author was able to have the story as real as can be and  at the same time keep all the characters always unique and interesting. You  have the town gossipers, the grouches, mean nasty type, kind, witty, shady,  and the respected. The list goes on. This author in my eyes not only makes  the book interesting with the troubles and happiness, but presents the info  in a way that you think you know someone or what will happen and you are  found wrong and surprised.  This book would be a enjoyable for anyone  old enough to understand situations and has experience reading. The reading  is fairly quick and easy to understand in my opinion. A lot of the book is  fun and entertaining while other small parts can be a little bit boring  once in a while. Over all I would recommend this book for people who like  to read. It is a good read for all grades 7 or above and for all adults."
"The book is told from the point of view of an eight-year-old child who doesn't realize much about her society. It takes us into a world where discrimination is an everyday thing, and people are helpless to stop it.  It's powerful in the way that the view is unbiased; the young girl telling  the story is unaffected by the racism that controls most of the adults. The  book really reflects upon the problems in our own neighborhoods that we  neglect all the time. It's so commonplace that only when we see the story  through the eyes of someone who is still innocent that we truly realize  what society has become. It's a strong book that will leave a massive  impact on the way we see our world."
"You know how on the back of books it always says how great the book is? No matter how good the book really is? Well, with To Kill A Mockingbird, there's hardly room for debate over the fact that the back tells the truth.  The classic is still moving and riveting after all the years. The story of  how a young child stood strong true to her morals through racism,  critisicm, and cruelty is, however seemingly dated some of the material may  be, still a darn good read and the ultimate page-turner (and quite a tear  jerker). I just couldn't put it down! A definite must read for EVERYONE!"
"To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee is a book about two children - Jem and Scout Finch.  They are very interested in their mysterious neighbor, Boo Radley.  Their father, Atticus, is a lawyer and is defending an African  American man who is falsley accused of raping a girl.  As the childrens'  lives progress, they find out more about their neighbor, their father and  about themselves."
"To Kill A Mockingbird is the story of two siblings growing up in a small southern town in the 1930's. As Ms. Maudie (an adult friend of Jem and Scout, the narrator and her brother) says, ""It's a sin to kill a  mockingbird - they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for  us...."" In my mind, this is pretty much the recurring theme in this  book - the two main plots are about a black main on trial for rape; and a  reclusive neighbor of Jem and Scout who has  many vicious rumours  circulating about him.  I think that this book is fantastic - one of  the best I've ever read. It's a really moving story, with a sweet ending -  you should definitely read it and see for yourself!!!"
"This book is really great. It was a class assignmentso it really wasn't my choice to read it, but once I did I always would read ahead because it's so hard to put down. I really liked the point of view it is written from, a  little innocent girl that can understand things. One of the major themes  that I hope you see if you decide to read this book or have read it is  loneliness. It's really something to ponder about so if you missed that  theme, think about it!"
"This book was exellent! I loved how the story started off with a few sub-plotes, and brought them all together to form an extraordinary, touching story that many people can relate to. I feel this story is also  great becuase of the many lessons it teaches. I won't name them though, you  can read it for yourself.  The characters where great. I felt each  one of them were interesting and unique in their own way. They all had  something happen to them that showed courage, cowardliness, curiosity,  wisdom, dishonesty, loyalty, awkwardness, and tenderness. Every character  would appear a certain way at the beggining of the book, and as the end of  the book approached, a new view of the character would be obtained. One  that was never expected."
The book was very enjoyable to read and I don't say that for many books. The book was very funny and comical yet sad and seriuos at the same time.The book is in a very new and interesting format.It is in the  retrospect of a woman's childhood and everything that happens that leads up  to one insignificant happening.Lastly I must say that this book is truly  magnifisant and I suggest it to all to read.
"This popular book justly deserves the high praise it receives from critics and readers. In short, it is the last great novel. There hasn't been a truly great one since in my humble opinion. Too often nowadays writers  write with an eye towards turning the thing into a movie. And while a great  film was made of this, the novel stands squarely on its own as an important  American masterpiece. I like the fact that Harper Lee only wrote one novel.  What else could she do after this?"
"I thoroughly enjoyed reading To Kill a Mockingbird.  It was a great story and i would recommend it to anyone intersested in reading a fast paced,sometimes funny and definitely an unraveling mystery.  Reading a bout  the way the children thought and reacted brought back memories of a time  when i was their age, and I was extremely afraid of ab old man that used to  live in my neighborhood because of my wild imagination.  After reading this  stoy, I accepted Atticus' advise that ""you never know a man untill you  stand in his shoes and walk around in them.""  I would recommend this  book to be read by anyone in their early tens but, I'm sure this story  could be enjoyed by people of all ages.  Jem and Scout lived with dad,  Atticus and Calpurnia, the housekeeper. They meet Charles Baker Harris or  Dill, which is his nickname, when he comes to visit his aunt Rachel for the  summer.  the kids keep themselves busy finding numerous ways of getting  into trouble.  They spy on Mr. radley, who reacts by trying to shoot them.  Curious to what Atticus does all day, they peek in the courthouse until  Atticus sends them home, and they're always late getting home, and Scout  tends to insist on using unlady-like language.  Summer ends, and Dills  returns home to Meridian.  Jem anxiouly rretuns back to school and Scout  begins first grade.  Scout meets many new children and starts troulbe with  many boys.  Scout especially doesnt get along with Walter Cunningham.  Walter is from a poor family and Scout quickly learns many life skills from  her teacher and her new school environment.  Atticus believes taht  everyone should be treated equally and agrees to represent Mr. Robinson, a  black middle-class citizen who is accused of raping Mr. Ewell's daughter.  Mr. Ewell's family is a poor white family from the same community.  The  story leads you to believe that Mr. Ewell's family invents the entire rape  situation to gain a higher status in the community and to ruin the Robinson  family reputation.  The trial draws much attention to Atticus and his  family, and the community because it was unusual case.  Many folks shared  their opinions about the trial making life complicated for Jem and  especially Scout.  Atticus patiently explains his morals and beliefs to his  children to help them try to understand society.  Mr. Robinson is  convicted if rape and is sent to jail.  While trying to escape he is  violently shot and killed Mr.Robinson.  i didn't except this to happen, and  I was shocked and sad.  Jem and Scout are attacked while walking home one  night from a play. The book leads you to believe that it was Mr. Ewell who  drunkenly attacks them and breaks Jem's albow.  Mr. Ewell is later found  dead of a stab wound.  The story laeds you to believe that Mr. Ewell could  have been killed by a vendictive suspect, but Atticus explains to the  children that Mr. Ewell accidentally fell on his knife leaving me to wonder  what might of have really happened in that community on the night of Mr  Ewells death."
"This unforgettable novel told through the eyes of a child is moving, compassionate, and touching. It expresses innocence, love, and kindness, but at the same time, shows cruelty and hatred.  It's a masterpiece of literature!"
This book is in my opinion is about the mockingbirds that we never are never considerate too. In this book you experience the true racism there was in the south. Lee does a great job of describing the settings and original characters. But there is one critical mistake the author makes she makes Atticus to be such a good character and not believable. Attius is made out to be the perfect character the flawless one. HE is tooooo perfect. Anyways it was a great book and i recommend it to ages 11 and up. It is a great book.
This was a great book that leaves the reader touched.  Im only in 8th grade and enjoyed it tremendously.  The reader feels as if they were right there by the characters' sides.  Fabulous!
"all my life I heard this is the greatest book. well, its not. the storyline is o.k., but otherwise.....its definately NOT great."
"I can think of no single book I have read in the last 25 years that connects with every age and in every age.  Thank godness Ms. Lee didn't give up, and continued re-writing this novel for the more than five years it took to bring to fruition.  Some people grow up and become famous; Scout, Jem, and Dill never grow up, and they are immortal.  Like HUCK FINN, each time I pick it up, I don't find more in the book, I find more in myself, and I am sure this is true of everyone who reads it.  I have taught this book to students for more than 20 years, and it is without a doubt the one book that is overwhelmingly positively received among all those that I have shared with my classes.  More than one student has come back years later to remark that he/she has reread it over the years, and continues to be enriched by it.  This would be THE book to share with your own children, and both you and they would be far better for having done so than spending those hours in front of the television."
I too was first introduced to Scout by an English teacher and in a way was introduced to myself. I am so greatful for reading To Kill A Mockingbird at such a young age. It was not until I read it again as an adult that I realized how it helped to shape my life. Trying to explain what the book is about is like trying to explain how it feels to be happy or sad or angry. A summary tells you the story. You need to read To Kill A Mockingbird to get the feeling. It helps replace the innocence we lose as we get older. I read it every so often to keep me in check.
"From begining to end this book gave me a sense of relating to other people and the way other people live and feel and some of the tragedies if this world. It was truly a mind opening experience, i had to do a book report on this book and i found it most interesting. Scout was like the link between you and the book, you almost forget shes a fictional character. To actually be able to see the world through the eyes of this little girl is truly amazing, sometimes we take people we know, or think we know for granted. This book is th best example of misjudging people we love.  i've done my best to tell you how good this book is .... you'll have to read it for yourself to really understand. this book is for people of all ages.I recommend it to anyone and everyone."
"From begining to end this book gave me a sense of relating to other people and the way other people live and feel and some of the tragedies of this world. It was truly a mind opening experience, I had to do a book report on this book and I found it most interesting. Scout was like a link between you (the reader) and the book, you almost forget she's a fictional character. I've done my best to tell you how good this book is .... you'll have to read it for yourself to really understand. This book is for people of all ages."
"If you haven't read the story, consider the high number of people who reviewed the novel on this web page and gave it a ""10""; this is a good guide for deciding whether or not you want to purchase this book."
"This is a classic for all time.  The plot is great, the carachters are well devolped.  Rates right up there with Jane Eyre, Wuthring Heights, in my mind."
A story that captured my imagination forever.  An exciting recap of life during the 1930's that will live on your mind forever.  A must for any book lover.  Highly recommended.
"This subject is a heavily-studied genre in my school's English department, but like many, it is written/produced/constructed well in tackling racial issues at the era in which it was written."
"I'll admit, I underrated this book.  I judged it by it's cover.  It looked like a yawner,  but once you get to the Bo Radley part, the unwinds in interestingness.  The story doesn't appear to lag on,  I don't really think Dill needed to be in the story,  but it was very good.  The Tom Robinson case was the climax.  Maturity showed from Scout and Jem,  they finally realized what Atticus was trying to get across the whole time to them.  The plot seemed a bit hard to comprehend,  but it unraveled into maturity for the theme i'd say.  Beleive me,  Boo Radley wa something else,  he was such a good character,  it kept you intrigued to wonder about him.  At the end he proved everyone wrong except Mrs. Dubose who always said he was a nice kid, he saved Jem's life, and Jem owed him one."
"I think Harper Lee's novel was a warm and pure piece of American literature. The last two chapters really affected me the most, as Scout starts to loose her innocence that carried her through many events in her childhood. When Scout finally realizes what her fathter meant when he said, "" To really understand a person you have to step in their shoes and walk around in them for awhile,"" you really see how much she is starting to mature.  He teaches them through his actions and his words what is right and wrong and you should follow your conscience no matter what anyone says.  I recomend this book to readers of all ages."
"I had the choice to read this book as a challenge for 6th grade, and I'm glad I did. It's a great book full of feeling and emotion. The charectors are well described and the plot is really good. It teaches you not to judge people by what other people say, but to get to know someone, and you will find out what they're really like. This has a great ending and I encourage you to read it!"
"This book is revolutionary. It takes the reader through a captivating story of racial perception to the understanding and acceptance of racial tolerance in the small town of Maycomb. Not only does this book focus on various aspects of racism (seen through the eyes of Scout), it's a reflection of the times and the incomperable suppression of man's fight for equality and civil rights. The story is not just about Maycomb--it reflects both the racial crisis of yesterday and the prejudice that still exists. Written with emotion and a rare sense of true compassion, this book will astonish you on every page you read. This Pulitzar Prize winning author instills both humor and suspense in this unforgettable novel. Remarkable characters include Atticus, the defense attorney that defends Tom Robinson in a remarkable trial, Scout, and big brother Jem all will add to the brilliance of this great American novel."
"When we read this in school last year, I wasn't too happy with it. You know how some English teachers make you over analyze EVERYTHING? Well, my English teacher did so and the book meant absolutely nothing to me. I hated it for a long time! However, one day I was at the bookstore and I saw it ""pop out"" I guess you could say, so I picked it up and bought it. Don't ask me why... Something was telling me to buy it and buy it right then. I got it home and read all night, not stopping for anything, and I ended up sobbing at the end of the book. Now whenever I read it I always stop reading with about 10 pages left because I can't make it.. I always cry. It's a wonderful book."
"I was reading this book in the car and when Boo Radley was revealed, I gasped so loud the driver was quite disturbed."
"I just read To Kill A Mockingbird I am 14 and loved the book. Charecters Atticus,Jem,Scout,Dill,Bob Ewell,Tom Robinson,Mayella Ewell,Calpurnia,Etc. I would recomend this book to both kids and adults. It is easy to get into and hard to put down. If you are looking for a classic look no farther than To Kill A Mocking Bird. A must read for classcic book readers. Adam Moulton"
"I just read To Kill A Mockingbird I am 14 and loved the book. Charecters Atticus,Jem,Scout,Dill,Bob Ewell,Tom Robinson,Mayella Ewell,Calpurnia,Etc. I would recomend this book to both kids and adults. It is easy to get into and hard to put down. If you are looking for a classic look no farther than To Kill A Mocking Bird. A must read for classcic book readers. Adam Moulton"
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee.  This classic book is about a little Southern girl Scout and her experiences growing up in the 1930's.  It begins with a set up of things to come,such as Scout's experiences and  the people she observes.  Her guardians, her quiet, lovable lawyer father  Atticus,  and her Negro cook Cal help Scout and her tough,yet caring  brother Jem through these experiences in Maycomb County, Alabama.  Scout,  Jem and their curious friend Dill make up plays about their reclusive and  mysterious next door neighbor Arthur ""Boo""  Radley.  He is the  cause of scare and mystery and their lives.  This sets up the ending, as  does the racism of the town, shown by the neighborhood gossip, the piggish  lazy Mr. Ewell, Scout's strict Aunt and the tyrant down the street Old Mrs.  Dubose.  The children learn many things about the town in which they live  from their neighbor, sweet, tough Miss Maudie.  One thing they learn is  that they should never kill a mockingbird because those birds are just  there to make people happy and they never do anything wrong at all.  In  the second half the children learn more about their father's trial  defending a Negro being tried for rape.  This man Tom Robinson is going  against the lowlife Mr. Ewell who says Tom raped his daughter.  The  citizens are against Tom for the most part except for a handful.  In the  courtroom Atticus makes his case so strong that Scout, Jem, and Dill(who  are watching)think that he cannot lose. However it is a white man's word  against a black man's...  The rest you have to read for yourself because  from the trial it grows into such an exciting climax, and ends so  meaningfully,  pretaining to why you should never kill a mockingbird.  Definitely think about this quote reading the book, it helps your  understanding a lot.  I found I couldn't put it down.  The beginning goes  slow but it forshadows things to come.  You think how unfair and unpleasant  life can be sometimes and these children learn this at a very young age.  It made me want to change thingsso it couldn't happen anymore, and it made  me very angry at such unfairness, such as in the lives of  African-Americans,  like the innocent Tom Robinson.  The ending was so  perfectly lead to and meaningful that I had to go back and read it  again(and again)! I recommend the book for people 14 and up because I feel  you should be old and  smart enough to grasp the conflicts and the complex  plot.  However this book is timeless and everyone above 14 should read it  at least once in a lifetime.  This can teach you about life and growing up  better than anything you will ever read so pick it up...soon."
"I read To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee.  This classic book is about a little Southern girl Scout and her experiences growing up in the 1930's.  It begins with a set up of things to come,such as Scout's experiences and  the people she observes.  Her guardians, her quiet, lovable lawyer father  Atticus,  and her Negro cook Cal help Scout and her tough,yet caring  brother Jem through these experiences in Maycomb County, Alabama.  Scout,  Jem and their curious friend Dill make up plays about their reclusive and  mysterious next door neighbor Arthur ""Boo""  Radley.  He is the  cause of scare and mystery and their lives.  This sets up the ending, as  does the racism of the town, shown by the neighborhood gossip, the piggish  lazy Mr. Ewell, Scout's strict Aunt and the tyrant down the street Old Mrs.  Dubose.  The children learn many things about the town in which they live  from their neighbor, sweet, tough Miss Maudie.  One thing they learn is  that they should never kill a mockingbird because those birds are just  there to make people happy and they never do anything wrong at all.  In  the second half the children learn more about their father's trial  defending a Negro being tried for rape.  This man Tom Robinson is going  against the lowlife Mr. Ewell who says Tom raped his daughter.  The  citizens are against Tom for the most part except for a handful.  In the  courtroom Atticus makes his case so strong that Scout, Jem, and Dill(who  are watching)think that he cannot lose. However it is a white man's word  against a black man's...  The rest you have to read for yourself because  from the trial it grows into such an exciting climax, and ends so  meaningfully,  pretaining to why you should never kill a mockingbird.  Definitely think about this quote reading the book, it helps your  understanding a lot.  I found I couldn't put it down.  The beginning goes  slow but it forshadows things to come.  You think how unfair and unpleasant  life can be sometimes and these children learn this at a very young age.  It made me want to change thingsso it couldn't happen anymore, and it made  me very angry at such unfairness, such as in the lives of  African-Americans,  like the innocent Tom Robinson.  The ending was so  perfectly lead to and meaningful that I had to go back and read it  again(and again)! I recommend the book for people 14 and up because I feel  you should be old and  smart enough to grasp the conflicts and the complex  plot.  However this book is timeless and everyone above 14 should read it  at least once in a lifetime.  This can teach you about life and growing up  better than anything you will ever read so pick it up...soon."
"I thought that this book overall, was a good one.  I found several things that i didn't like though.  The first was that I thought it had a slow beginning.  I found it hard to get into.  Harper Lee explained each of the  characters and made a setting, but it was boring.  Second was I felt it  could have been shorter, but was dragged out a little.  You knew what was  going to happen, or the outcome of a situation, but you had to wait several  pages.  And last, I didn't understand Dill really fit into the story.  I  thought he was a wasted character.  I don't mean that I didn't like the  little love story between him and Jean Louise, but it wasn't of major  importance.  I also realized how he brought about the intrest in Boo  Radley, but that could have been done without him.  There were many good  things though.  For example, the racial hatred was true to the time and the  area.  I felt it was portrayed VERY well,  even the children could see the  racism.  For example, Jem states, ""...but around here once you have a  drop of Negro blood, that makes you all black.""  I also liked how the  story was told through the little girl's perspective.  She had good  insight, but left things for you, the reader, to figure out.  She told  things in an innocent way and made you think and look at things from other  people's perspective.  For instance, Atticus says, ""You never really  understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.""  Third I enjoyed how the story tied the two tales of Boo Radley and Tom  Robinson together.  While I was reading, I noticed how they left Boo out of  the story line for a while.  I wondered why, but at the end, making him the  hero really made a great ending!  Finally, I liked how it showed that there  are good and bad people of every race.  Mr. Ewell had wanted fame, but  Atticus knew better, and put him to shame.  Mr. Ewell took revenge by  hurting Jem and Scout, but in the end he hurt himself the most.  The  supposed ""bad"" African American man, Tom Robinson, was not guilty  in my eyes, but had to pay.  He was only trying to help, and ended up  getting ""shot down!""  The world can be twisted at times.  This book was written for people of all ages and from every background.  It  sends so many great messages from stand up for yourself, to seeing other  peoples' point of view before making an opinion, to noticing what's on the  inside not just on the outside.  People can be so cruel sometimes and not  even realize it.  I feel that this book should be read and respected by  all."
"I think that the book To Kill A Mockingbird was a very well-written, and exciting book. I must admit though, that at the beginning of the story, I found it hard to pay attention to the plot. The first few chapters explain  the main characters and their backgrounds so the story is slow at the  beginning. You will begin to get into the book a few chapters later. That  is when the pace of the book picks up and new characters, places, and  events get brought into the story. Part Two is very exciting. The story  really begins to heat up and get interesting. Once you start to read, you  can't put the book down. I found the book to be very interesting. As a  matter of fact, it is one of the best books I have ever read! To Kill A  Mockingbird is told from the point of view of Scout Finch, a young girl  growing up in the town of Maycomb with her older brother Jem and her father  Atticus. Atticus is a lawyer who defended Negroes, which caused some events  to arise throughout the story. This story shows how they all grow together  and how the people of Maycomb live and grow together as well. The Finch's  encounter many hardships, the Tom Robinson case being the biggest of all,  but with ecah other they are able to overcome anythng thrown at them. This  story shows the true value of the meaning of a strong, loving and caring  family. It is no wonder that To Kill A Mockingbird is known as a timeless  classic. The author, Harper Lee, shows her skill of writing by taking a  simple family like the Finch's, and an ordinary town like Maycomb, and  turning them into an unforgettable masterpiece. Harper Lee takes realistic  facts about the relationships between black people and white people and it  illustrates it through the characters in the story by using her talent of  writing and explanation. To wrap things up, I believe that if you love to  sit down and read a good book, To Kill A Mockingbird is the book for you. I  do suggest though that if you intend on reading this book, that you are in  the age area of fourteen and older, for this book can be complicated in  many areas due to the elaborate plot. I can honestly say that I am not big  into reading books, but To Kill A Mockingbird is like no other book I have  ever read. I recommend it greatly. Enjoy!"
"I think that no younger then age 14 should read this book, it has extenxive language. The situation the book evolves around is a topic for teenagers and/or adults.I strongly think that rape is a topic for high  school and older students.  I didn't really enjoy To Kill A Mockingbird  as  much as I thought I would.I would have to say the best part was the end  of the book,and I also think there is too much prejudice in this book.  Examples of some of the prejudice in the book were people making fun of  black people,being racist and seperating blacks from whites.In the book  they categorize the families from wealthy to poor. Finches came  first,then,the Cunninghams,then,the Ewells and last,the Robinsons.  The  book was mostly based around the trial of Tom Robinson raping the Ewell's  daughter. The first half of the book talks about Dill,their new neighbor  and Boo Radley,their other neighbor.The second half deals with all new  characters coming into the story such as Mrs.Dubose,she was another  neighbor that was a morphine addict and died in her sleep.Some of the  characters in the book had that kind of weird side to them like Mrs.Dubose  did.It seemed to me that each character in the book had a problem all the  time but that makes the book better because some books make the characters  sound so perfect and the author makes you think that these people never  have problems,so in this book it shows that no one is perfect and that  everyone has problems all the time.That's another thing I like about this  book.At the end of the book I think that they could've found a better way  of dealing with Tom Robinson then how they did.  Over all the book was  ok.I'm not one to read books,I actually hate reading but some of the things  in the book kept me reading but other things made it seem like the book was  dragging on with the same subject.In the book they changed the subject a  lot so it made it kind of confusing at times.I think if they didn't change  the subject a lot then the whole book would have seemed like it was  dragging on not instead of just little parts here and there.  I feel  that the second half of the book was more interesting then the first  half,there were more details and more excitement then the other half of the  book.  I recommend this book to high school and older students."
"I think that To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a good example of Literature for High School kids, I dont think that anyone under this age should read this due to content.  At the begining of this book I thought  that I wasn't going to like it but once it got to the trial of Tom  Robinson, I found it very interesting.  I agree with what everyone said in  the book about Atticus being the only person that could give question that  Tom Robinson wasn't guilty.  I thought that Atticus was definately an  excellent father and almost just as good as a mother to Jem and Scout.  I  feel like this book really explained what was going on during this time,  especially when Aunt Alexandra had all the women over there house for there  church meeting.  I do not know how Scout sat there listening to everyone  disgracing the person her father was representing.  My favorite character  in the book was Dill. I thought that he was so adorable and there was  something mysterious in him that I liked.  In a brief summary this is  what the book was about.  Jean Louise Finch is the narrator of the story  and she is describing the events of her childhood before she was 10.  She  lived in her house with her father Atticus, her brother Jeremy Atticus  Finch, and there black maid Calpurnia.  When the story starts it is  summertime and they meet there childhood friend that comes down every  summer, Dill. The children all summer are fascinated by Arthur (Boo) Radley  by the end of the book they meet him and become frinds with him.  Next,  Scout started school and there was problems in the begining but then she  started liking it.  Next in the story we meet Atticus's family and another  summer comes and goes with Dill. Then the trial came and all of Maycomb  County was there.  Mr. Ewell (the lowest family, under blacks, and he was  white, in Maycomb Coutny) accused Tom Robinson(he was black) of raping his  daughter Mayells.  Atticus was appointed lawyer and he put up a good fight  for Tom, but since he was black he was proven guilty.  During this time  Scout and Jem were getting made fun of by kids at school and even their own  cousins.  Tom Robinson was sent to jail, Atticus thought they had a chance  but Tom couldn't take the stress anymore, he tried esaping jail and he got  shot 17 times.  During the trial Aunt Alexandra had came down to take care  of Jem and Scout and to teach Scout how to become a proper girl and not a  tomboy.  The end of the story is my favorite and you will have to read it  to see why I think it is, and when you do I think you would agree. The only  complaint I have to say about the end of the story is that I thought that  the book should have had a little more closure to it.  I like closure to  stories.  Overall this was a good book, I would recommmend it to other  teenagers."
"To Kill a Mokingbird is a book for people who like to feel good and like to come away heartwarmed.  Harper Lee has done a splendid job of capturing the innocence of a girl growing up in the south.  Harper Lee's style of  writing is one to be comended. She made the book easy to read, thus making  it moe eligible to groups of all ages, and yet the story line is something  that takes time to comprehend. The actions of racism are not as clear today  as they were when Harper Lee wrote this book.  Lee's twisting story line  does keep you on edge, but it also keeps you wondering why things happened  and what wil be the effect of this event. In a way, I feel that Lee kept  you waiting too much. She entered characters that were senseless to the  plot and little stories that did not fit.  Yet in a way they did fit. A  little girl like scout, telling a story of her adventures, would tend to  ramble and add a story or two that happened, and that they think is  important. All in all I think that Harper Lee has penetrated the emotions  and brought out the fellings that we all may have forgotten to carry with  us from our childhoods to our adulthoods."
"I think that the book To Kill A Mockingbird was a very well-written, and exciting book. I must admit though, that at the beginning of the story, I found it hard to pay attention to the plot. The first few chapters explain  the main characters and their backgrounds so the story is slow at the  beginning. You will begin to get into the book a few chapters later. That  is when the pace of the book picks up and new characters, places, and  events get brought into the story. Part Two is very exciting. The story  really begins to heat up and get interesting. Once you start to read, you  can't put the book down. I found the book to be very interesting. As a  matter of fact, it is one of the best books I have ever read! To Kill A  Mockingbird is told from the point of view of Scout Finch, a young girl  growing up in the town of Maycomb with her older brother Jem and her father  Atticus. Atticus is a lawyer who defended Negroes, which caused some events  to arise throughout the story. This story shows how they all grow together  and how the people of Maycomb live and grow together as well. The Finch's  encounter many hardships, the Tom Robinson case being the biggest of all,  but with ecah other they are able to overcome anythng thrown at them. This  story shows the true value of the meaning of a strong, loving and caring  family. It is no wonder that To Kill A Mockingbird is known as a timeless  classic. The author, Harper Lee, shows her skill of writing by taking a  simple family like the Finch's, and an ordinary town like Maycomb, and  turning them into an unforgettable masterpiece. Harper Lee takes realistic  facts about the relationships between black people and white people and it  illustrates it through the characters in the story by using her talent of  writing and explanation. To wrap things up, I believe that if you love to  sit down and read a good book, To Kill A Mockingbird is the book for you. I  do suggest though that if you intend on reading this book, that you are in  the age area of fourteen and older, for this book can be complicated in  many areas due to the elaborate plot. I can honestly say that I am not big  into reading books, but To Kill A Mockingbird is like no other book I have  ever read. I recommend it greatly. Enjoy!"
"The award winning nove, To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee is a piece of literature I believe is appropriate for all people older than 13. This book is the story of a little girl named Scout growing up in a small, racial  biased town called Maycomb County, Alabama in the 1930's. It includes her  childhood adventure with her brother Jem and their best friend Dill. It  includes the wisdom of her father, Attikus and her maid Calpernia. Even  thought Attikus was  quiet, mild mannered  he was a very strong man. Also,  the story came in contact with many peopel such as Miss Maudie, Miss Rachel  Harris, , Miss Stephanie Crawford, Mrs. Dubose, Mr. Radley,  Boo Radley,  Reverend Stykes, and Mr. Ewell. This book illustrates racism of the deep  south. Also, points out how children have to learn to deal with bigotry at  a young age, and that predjudice can play more of a role than the obvious  truth. Two examples of predjudice are against a misunderstood neighbor,  named Arthur ""Boo"" Radleyand a black man that the falsely accused  of a crime because of his race, Tom Robinson. The kids had specific  experiences that taught them not to be prejudiced toward a person, despite  what they may have heard about them. This book includes many charactors,  but they all fit together very tightly in the end. I learned a lot from  this book and found it hard to put down while reading it. To Kill a  Mockingbird is an extremely well written piece of literature and I suggest  everybody read this at least as once in there lifetime."
"Harper Lee's, To Kill A Mockingbird shows a white family struggling for justice in a small town.  It's easy to read, but to actually get something out of it is something else.  For instance,  the meaning of the  mockingbird.  The story was set in the 1930's during the Depression and the  hard times of American people.  Diseases were widespread and horses were  used for transportation.  Prejudice plays of huge part in the story.  The  trial of Tom Robinson showed this.  Atticus, Jem and Scout's father gave  his children advice about life and that it's okay to have fun but respect  other people even though you might not know them.  Scout being the main  character and narrator is portrayed by a girl of 5-7 years old.  Her names  means seeking and finding.  Everything that happens is seen through the  eyes of Scout.  An audience for this book is anyone who has the time and  mind to appreciate a book like this of such strong writing.  It is for  anyone who can understand prejudice and the meaning of the mockingbird. The  age group is  14- years old.  Overall, this was an excellent book about  life.  Anyone can relate to this book in some way because we were once a  child like Scout Finch and saw the world as we wanted to see it.  It shows  different ways to look at life.  I could read it again and again and still  get meaning out of it."
"Harper Lee has captured the essence of the times.  While reading this book, you feel as though you are actually friends with Jem and Scout.  The characterizations are first-rate.  I read this book for school years ago,  and recently picked it off my bookshelf when I was in the mood to read a  ""Good Book"", as opposed to ""Pulp Fiction"". The reading  was better the second time, after not having read it for a long while. I  only wish that Miss Lee had written more books-she's a major talent, not  ever to be forgotten."
This book was not all that good. I really don't like it all that much. To me it was boaring. But to you it might have been good.
"Since I'm a 9th grader and had to read this book at school, I disliked it.  I thought it was very boring and time consuming.  I guess it's because I'm not old enough to appreciate the real quality and meaning of the book.  Hence,  I wouldn't recommend teens reading the book because there's barely  any actions and the climax is basically at the last few chapters."
"To Kill a Mockingbird in my opinion is a brilliant novel I loved every minute of reading it, I couldn't put it down!This book gave a good insight to what life was like in America in the 1930's and the kind of  prejudices people had to live with in everyday life and how they coped with  it.It was also seeing what the characters lives were like through the  eyes of the little girl Jean Louise(Scout).This is a good book to keep  and give to your children."
i really liked it. it was a good book
"I was born the year this book was published (1960), in Monroeville, Alabama - Harper Lee's hometown, and the model for the fictional town of Maycomb - so this book has been a part of my life since the beginning. I  have always been proud of my Southern heritage and I have Miss Lee to thank  for that. When I was a kid, a special friend and I would go down to the  courthouse and pretend we were Jem and Scout - the balcony is there and the  jail's across the street - and there was an big, old abandoned house that  we would say was the Radley place. Occasionally, we would see Miss Lee at  her daddy's store - but were always too much in awe of her to venture  anything more than ""hey!"". She's still there part of the year -  though she's not seen much anymore. If I could speak with her, I'd thank  her for writing the book which redeemed the South, which I love, to the  world."
after not really understanding what was meant by the book the first time through i picked it up again and was surprised by how much i had missed.  to kill a mockingbird is a great book.
"I read this book in the 6th grade and I loved it. I am now in the 8th. This book pointed out the problems that occur when you have a prejudice against someone or a group of people. I have lived in Alabama all of my  life, and it is nothing like that in case you were wondering. While most  kids are forced to read this book, I chose this book. It opened up my eyes  to the past. I would recommend this book to everyone."
"Harper Lee brings the story of a 6 year old girl, whose innocence is lost in that summer of racial prejudice, to life. It is remarkable how Lee can so skillfully portray Scout's childlike innocence with such vivid realism.  Although the subject may be offensive to some readers, a book cannot be  expected to be squeaky clean. Almost every great piece of literature is  offensive and questionable, and that is how it becomes as great as it is. I  love this book!! And you will too!!"
"My copy has pages falling out of almost every chapter. It has been read and loved as well as a childhood teddy bear, the only difference being that it will never stop being relevant. 'Mockingbird' should be fed to babies  through their bottles, or to the rest of us intravenously. There are no  other words for such as this."
"Told through the eyes of a child who does not see the humor in much of what she says, this story deals with the most vital issues of life--family, neighbors, prejudices, growing up.  Family for Scout and Jem Finch is Atticus, their father, and Calpurnia, their caregiver in his absence.  Prejudices Lee explores include religion, race, and class.  As Scout matures, she learns to think for herself and can see the world from the perspective of Tom Robinson, Mayella Ewell, and Boo Radley.  A delightful book, the simple tale told by an eight year old child covers all the tragedy and depth of which the human spirit is capable."
A great book with all its philosphical questions... What makes it a very good book is its being told from the eyes of an innocent child.
"There have been countless reviews, articles and thesis papers written on this timeless book, so I leave the lengthy reviews to the professionals.  Suffice it to say that there are reasons why certain books like ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" ""Catch 22"" and ""Catcher in the Rye"" are considered classics in 20th century literature. This is just a remarkable piece of work. The only negative:  you will cringe the next time you see people call books by Ann Rice and Tom Clancy ""must reads.""  This book DEFINED that term! If you're not forced to read this book by High School, TRANSFER!"
"Simple and enduring, yet powerful, story of human nature.  Iread itevery year; the integrity shown by Atticus Finch is inspirational. Any critique does not do it justice.  You must read it to understand."
"A great book.  I am 15 years old and currently in the nineth grade.  I read this book for an oral book report and finished it in about an hour because it was so good.  From the point of view of a 6 year old Lee teaches his readers about life and growing up with racism, grudgery, rape, justice, curiosity, and mystery.  Every one must read this book."
Scout learns a great lesson about looking beyond the surface to see the true nature of a person.  One of my favorite parts is when Scout is telling Atticus how her teacher told her she shouldn't know how to read yet.
"This is my favorite book of all time!  I tried to read this in my younger days and couldn't ""get into it"" but as a 40-year old--it was wonderful! Such a lot of insight into the world through a simply told story. Every book I've read since has paled in comparison."
"A totally innocent view from a child who is growing up. The ideas presented are therefore mostly 'hidden', and so noticing their presence is a task in itself. I had to read it about three or four times (how many I cannot exactly remember) before realising that I had been absorbing so much (how much is for me to know and you to read and find out). Like many other reviewers of this book, I first read it in school, so I thought, if the education people placed it on reading lists it must be a good book, either in content or presentation. This one, as I found, was good at both. If one ignores what I wrote above about a difficult read, he/she would understand why Scout is the protagonist. Lee's use of her (Scout's) innocence (and that of Jem and Dill) was highly appropriate, they were yet to be affected by the ugly side of life (or as I like to put it, still existing in the realm of 'It's a small world after all'). As they grow up and undergo certain experiences (if I told which I would spoil your read) they start to realise the prejudice and discrimination that exists in this world. There is more on hypocrism, education, and human nature but I don't think it is appropriate to turn this review into a novel, so I shall stop here.Some general knowledge of certain things may help in the enjoyment of this book. It would also be interesting to do some research into some names and motifs in the book (like I had to for school) as this would reveal some interesting reasons why Lee chose them. Knowing these reasons would add to one's comprehension of this book.Definitely worth re-reading and re-re-reading."
"Well, this book is so fascinating, I love it.  I'm fifteenyears old and I love to read/write/program computers.  I love school alot, that probally is a shock to most,but, it's true.  I have loved to read for a long time, as well as use computers to the outer limit.  My class is on chapter 9 and I finished it this morning.  I would say it kinda is sad.  As much as I love it, I'm not satisfied with the ending.  Don't get me wrong, it's just I want more, more, and more.  I want to know what happens to Dill, Scout, Atticus,Tom Robisnon's Family, and Jem as well, at the end Boo Radley saves Scout and Jem, This is Just a marvelous novel.  It's sad, exciting, love, and many other things in it.  It's a must read."
"I have always held within myself a belief that every person no matter how insignificant,  or mediocre manages to touch brilliance and greatness for brief moments in his or her lifetime. Such experiences would ofcourse be congruous to that person's capabilities but creativity during such time be it expressed in a book, a painting or even a poem, soars heights of genius which are beyond ordinary human limitations. In my opinion, Harper Lee's  novel ""To Kill A Mocking Bird"" is a product of such divine creativity. It's very genius in style, setting and plot make it an isolated achievement on the part of the Author who has not been able match this with any of her other  works . The kaleidoscope of characters offered by the novel, set in a remote southern town of Maycomb County, holds the reader spellbound, while he marvels at the style with which the author prevents the sombre theme from clouding the general mood of the story. The lighthearted adventures of Jem and Scout have left such vivid impressions on my mind that I almost get the feeling of having been in Maycomb as the novel progresses. I have long since ceased to just  `read' this book. For me, the book has become a lifelong companion. I will always cherish the mixed emotions of pain, triumph, fear and love that it inspires in me."
"This book is awesome! You get to personally know the characters in it, and it imparts so much truth in the story through the eyes of children (which makes hard topics such as prejudice easier to ""digest"") It shows  how prejudice can destroy families, and how friendship can save them."
I personally liked it.  I agree with her profound statements of society's grave injustices and social inequality.  It wasn't just about blacks or whites.  It was people as a  whole.  Girls boys all people alike in their  own special ways.  This book will last a lifetime because of its universal  message and appeal.
This was an extremely boring book (contrary to most opinions) that had an extremely slow start.
"My favourite feel good book of all time.It's warm,caring,frightening,saddening,revealing and most of all very real.I felt as though I was living in the south.I could feel the heat in summer  and remember those first days at school when your world changes so  drastically.Scout's journey shows what it was like to live in a time when  toys and fancy cars didn't matter,it was the family you loved and the  neighbours who cared and the friends you made really mattered.To kill a  Mockingbird depicts a world which also could be very cruel to those that  strayed from the ""norm"". I could read it again and again and  again."
"I thought this was a great story.  I read it in my junior English class.  I loved how caring Atticus was and how he tried to teach his children right.  I loved the story, it taught the innocence of children and how  caring we are until the outside world corrupts us; hatred is learned, you  aren't born with it.  I really liked this book."
"I was assigned this book to read in the 9th grade.  Opening it for the first time, and seeing the small print, as well as the lack of pictures (!), my heart sank.  But I read.  By the time I got to the third page, I  was hooked.  This book changed my life fundamentally; it turned me into a  reader.  Quite an accomplishment, that."
I really liked this book. The whole plot was great. I was so sad to finish it. I loved the characters. (I am 9)
I am in 7th grade and I think this is the best book that I have ever read
I thought this book was one of the best books I have ever read.  I am a seventh grader and the words were pretty deep. But it taught me that the law system was not fair in the olden days.  It makes you mad at the end but  I will not spoil it for you.
"I was required in a class to read a classic book of my choice.  ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" has been sitting on my book shelf for probably ten years, and I suddenly felt as if this was one of those ""great""  books that everyone has to read.  Well, it was a good book and there were  great morals to consider.  The plot of the book follows the life of a  young, southern, six year old girl.  Jem, her brother, who is four years  older develops into the young man that is expected of him.  Atticus, their  father is a lawyer in Maycomb County.  The story is set in the 1930's,  during the depression when racism was overpopulated in the South.  This  book made me have to take a personal stand as to what to consider right and  wrong.  Is prejudice a way of life or is just away to make the inner self  feel superior?  I asked myself this question over and over throughout the  story until an innocent black man was killed for believing in himself and  his morals.  I also faced the question of what it would be like to live in  a small town where everyone knows each other.  Jem and Scout had to face  the hatred, prejudice, and taunts from their own peers because their father  was defending an innocent black man over a guilty white man.  Much of the  action that took place in this story was surprising to me.  It kind of  caught me off guard that such young kids would play games about thier own  recluse neighbor Boo Radley who eventually leaves us all with a curiosity  to know more.  I was also suprised of the towns progression through the  Depression and how segregation was never questioned.  I could not believe  that the color of a persons skin can easily take the life of an innocent  bystander.  Overall this was a fairly easy book to read that read  remarkably fast.  I would recommend this book only because it gives some  sort of an idea of what life was like in the South during turmoil years and  how the citizens of this cruel country treated each other."
"I have a personal policy to re-read To Kill A Mockingbird every three years.  It helps me remember how to exist in the modern world as a moral person.  This reaffirmation of justice, honesty, integrity and compassion in the daily lives of common American people involved with uncommon events may be why To Kill A Mockingbird won the 1962 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.  Harper Lee has an intelligence about people -- or at least about the best of us as we'd like to remember ourselves.  Is our daily America as decent as this book recalls?  Probably not.  So, it isn't accurate literature exactly. But it IS an exceptional moral story: how David slew Goliath, how Atticus and Scout beat a thinly-disguised KKK by insisting on the integrity of the accused and accuser alike.  It works because it's seen through the eyes of an adult woman remembering everything as a precocious 6-year-old tomboy.  Atticus Finch represents a sure and convincing morality, almost larger than life.  He's able to shoot a rabid dog straight through the forehead in order to save the street from it, just in time.  He's almost mythic. But mythology works sometimes, especially when transported to a dusty Alabama town to explicate terrible mundane events which are, all things considered, equally mythic in force.  Racism IS a dragon. The Klan IS a monster.  They're just mundane, so we don't recognize them as such. An innocent African-American is accused of an unspeakable crime because the ""victim,"" and then the town, needs it.  Finch systematically dismantles the accusations based on simple evidence which no one in his right mind could disbelieve.  The story becomes a matter of basic decency and justice because Scout, the girl, has the ingenuousness and moral bewilderment of a smart 6-year-old who sees no racial lines, and who thus is able to express the fundaments which adults either ignore or have become blinded to.  Mythologizing her father allows us to understand that, in some things, the fundaments are valid.  In some things justice is, in fact, this simple--an deliberate act of integrity and will.  A side note:  Truman Capote was the model for Dill."
"I first read this book when I was only 15 years old. In a few short minutes I was swept up into Scout's world, her eyes became mine. This book travels through  a town filled with ignorance, racism, justice, family, love , fear and heroes. The book becomes even more delightful when it connects to today's society and we wonder if times really have changed. I loved Jem, as he were my own brother, teased Boo, admired and loved Calpurnia. Two thumbs way up for this epic tale of love vs hate and truth vs lies. IT was very interesting to see the movie A Time to Kill which was obviously influenced by good ol Harper Lee. Every girl, boy, father, mother and neighbour should read this book."
"I first read TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD when I was 15. I began it one evening and finished it just before I had to go to school the next morning...this was my first introduction to literature (& late night reading), and still remains the finest example of love, drama, fear and humour.  It is the story of an event which takes place in a community divided by the implication of a white woman having consentual sex with a black man, which can only be tolerated if viewed as rape.  We see the action unfold through the eyes of a young girl Scout, daughter of the lawyer, Atticus, given the incredibly difficult and ultimately dangerous job of defending the Negro.  This is one book you should read before you die. rj"
"I found this book was very real and to the point. It's one I would recomend to everyone of all ages to read, or have it read to you.  YOU will find it a learning and fun exsperience that you won't regrete having."
"I read this book when I was a freshman in High  School.  I enjoyed it a lot b/c it showed the discrimination down in the south in those days.  Stuff like that still happens today, but probably not as much as when it happened then.  My favorite character was probably Jem Finch, b/c he was a good character, and always looked over for Scout.  Scout, I liked a lot because she was the narrator, but told such an indepth story of what it felt like living in that prejudice town.  As for Boo Radley, he was a good character as well.  You just had to know who he was before you made any comments about him.  All in all, this was one of my favorite books because no one ever has a fair life, and in this story is it true."
"Harpee Lee has proven to america that great literasture exists.  In this novel I found myself crying, suprised, laughing and in awe at the ending.  I was shocked at the way the world could have actually treated someone becasue the color of their skin but at the same time be unbearably sick that not many protested it.  In many ways it made me laugh, the several attempts the children made to try and get Boo Radley out of the house and the stories that they seemed so facinated over(especially the one about Boo stabbing his father in the knee as if nothing and then just continuing his normal life).  Lastly I was in shock because after all the evidence brought to the jury they still seemed to find the black man guilty.  This book proved to be amusing when Boo finally came out and the son was not around to see him. I must admit that I also cried when the old lady died and the son was trying to stay mad at her for making him read to her but couldn't because before she died she made ammends.  This is a great, classic, novel and would read it to my children or just for my own pleasure in a second"
"To Kill A Mockingbird, by Harper Lee, is an excellent novel.  I found it touching, sorrowful, and humorous.  It is about two children's experiences with prejudice and racism as they grow and mature in a small southern town.  Their father, Atticus, is one of the few open minded people in Maycomb, their town.  He is appointed to judge a black man in a case where the black is charged with the rape of a white woman.  Even though Atticus does his very best, reason and truth can not hold out over racism and hatred.  However, the trial is not the only focus of the book.  Another important theme is that of ""Boo Radley,"" the town recluse, who has not been seen in years.  The children, Jem and Scout (Scout is Jem's little sister), are interested in seeing Boo, and try several times to give him a note or look in his shutters to see him.  At one point in the story, soap dolls and other presents show up in a knothole in a tree for the children.  One of the important parts of the story is when Scout and Jem see their father, Atticus, who they percieved as old and useless, shoot a mad dog that is coming down their street, thus learning that he ""was the deadest shot in Maycomb County in his day.""  All in all, this book, with its themes of growth and maturity, hatred, pride, and love is one of the best that you could read."
It was a really excellent book. It let us all who read it look again at the world through the innocent eyes of a child. Childhood is the most beautiful thing and this story let me re-live my own.
"it mainly talks about an Alabama family's life, conflicts with others in the old times...majority of the book are descriptions, a little action every once a while...I didn't seem to enjoy it very much...it's a school assignment..."
"This is a story of a girl named Scout who was 6, a boy named Dill who is 7, a boy by the name of  Jem who is 9, there fathers name is Atticus and Boo Radley,a mysterious man who lives next door to Scout and Jem. This happened in a little town in the south during the 1930's. A black man was put on trial for raping a woman. atticus was the black mans lawyer. The black mans name was Tom Robinson. A few months after the trial the father of the woman who had been raped attacked Scout and Jem. You have to read the book to hear the rest."
"TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is a book that I read for an English book report.  This books has some good parts and some bad parts.  For example, the suthor goes into detail on unimportant events and does not give any details on  important events.  But I would like to recommend this book to readers that  have interest in Southern U.S. History"
"I wasn't assigned To Kill a Mockingbird for class; I read it by choice and I really believe it's one of the best books I have ever read.  Narrated by 6 year-old Scout, reading the book opens your mind to see things exactly as  she sees it and feel things the way she feels it.  I highly recommend this  book to people of all ages.  However, if you're too young and feel that  you're ""forced"" to read it, don't expect it to be as good as it  really is because you don't know how to appreciate such outstanding  literature."
"i had to read this book in 9th grade. i heard that it was supposed to be this wonderful american classic, and i actually looked forward to reading it. well, all i'm  gonna say is that it sucked. it was just like any other  book, nothing special. yes, the prejudice part was good, i think it could  show people that we need to accept our differences, but it just wasn't that  deep. i got bored after 20 pages. all in all, i was very disappointed and  to whoever gets an assignment to read this, good luck."
"To Kill a Mocking Bird This unforgettable classic by Harper Lee features a little girl around nine whom throughout this book matures and develops in significant ways. She learns all about prejudiced people through the town's  folk when a young black man is accused of raping a young white woman. No  matter how innocent the boy who is accused of rape is, the people of the  town are so prejudiced that they will not listen. They believe that just  because this young man is black, he is guilty beyond a doubt. The reader  will also cross some details such as a better understanding of life in  general. Scout learns not only by her teacher, or father, but by her  brother, town's people, and especially Boo Radley that one must understand  something to criticize it. Scout Finch is put into a position of major  responsibility in these depressed times in southern Alabama. This book  traces her ongoing development in what really is an incredible  charge.When Scout Finch first hears about Tom Robinson and the crime he  committed, she believes he should be prosecuted for his actions. What she  later found out was that her father was defending the man she had so  wrongly judged. Predigest was a word that Scout Finch had not ever heard,  nor had she felt guilt's for feeling what she did not know was wrong. She  was, weather she consciously know it or not, guilty of being prejudiced  against black people. When kids at her school called her the daughter of a  ""Niger Protector"" she went home and questioned her father on the  matter. Her father being so unprejudiced said"" don't use that word,  its not right"" and that ""all people are equal and should not be  judged by the color of their skin."" He was very serious on the matter  and made it very clear that he hoped Scout would be to. ""No matter  what anybody says to you, don't let them get your goat."" From this  aspect of the book, The author shows how Scout Finch was just starting to  understand the use of race, and prejudiced amount people.When Scout  Finch and her brother had to go to a black church due to absence of her  father, she is greeted with a surprising welcome. ""What you doing  bringing white chillin into a Niger church?"" One person, Lula, found  it very distasteful to bring white children, into a black church. Now most  of these people where not insulted to see that Calpurnia had done this, one  man even stood up to welcome them. These people, who have been mistreated,  insulted, wrongly judged, and over all disliked just because they are  black, welcome the children in with no hatred in there mind. The reverend  of this church was very friendly to the Finch children and treated them as  if they were regular common black children. This is just one incident of  how these so wrongly treated people could be so warm to the wrong doers."
"I really, REALLY hated this book.  Like most people that hate it, I too was forced to read it for English class.  I want to start by saying they  shouldn't make us read books like this anyway.  People can get the wrong  idea about racism.  But besides that, the whole book is being waaay  overestimated.  I've read books that are much better (Terry Pratchett, for  example,) but they're not manadtory for reading.  Down with Big Brother.  Ezekiel."
"This was a book that stuck with me weeks after I first read it.  The novel covers so many relevant themes: tolerance, justice, the title To Kill a Mockingbird.  It made me weep for all the mockingbirds of the world, those  who do no harm yet are punished anyway.  It also made me angry at our  society, and angry at human nature in general.  It was a truly special  book, and I loved the ending.  It was perfect."
I thought that To Kill A mockingbird was a very godd book it was exciting all the way through the book. Scout was my favorite character and sort of reminds me of myself.
"This would have to be my all time favorite book.  The analysis of characters and of the community they live in was done wonderfully.  It took a good look at racism, leaving the reader with an understanding of how  things really were like during that time.  This is a definete must read."
"I cannot explain why so many people have found this book so moving.  I can only tell you that it deserves all of the praise it receives.  I read this book as a young girl growing up in the South and thought I understood, and  that I had grown up.  I read it again as an adolescent, and felt I had  grown a bit more.  I've read it several times more as an adult.  I continue  to reread it over time, I continue to grow, and I continue to marvel at the  power of the elegant simplicity of this tale.  READ THIS BOOK."
"The book To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is a masterpiece of words. The book is extremely well written. Harper Lee creates a realistic time a while ago, and she makes you feel as if you were Scout, as if you were  living in that world. She creates a flawless plot, and this proves that she  is a wonderful author and her books are real masterpieces of words."
Well I'm in middle school and I'm reading this book.  So far it is a great book.  We are in the 8th chapter of the book and so far I love it.  I think everyone should read it.
"This book really brings about change in every reader. It makes us all think about what courage really is(not just physical, but moral and emotional). It also makes us question the fear behind the prejudices that still linger in our world. Is to be different, to suffer?"
"To look at the world through the eyes of an innocent child is a gift. This story is a gift to all who read it, whether liked or not."
"To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the best books that I have ever read. It is the story of a white family living in the rural south during the 1930s. This family is faced with many challenges in such a short span of time. The reader gets to see how the family grows both together and apart and also how it copes with its day to day life. This book deals with such issues as racism, neighborhood togetherness and the bonds that either grow or are lost between parents and children as they grow together. This book focuses on the strength of the family institution and it gives insight into the way we (and the world at large) were. Life has definitely changed since this book was written 37 years ago, but in the same respect, it has changed many people who have read it. This is that people for ages to come will both love and enjoy."
"A strangely intriguing book about a small, quiet town that explodes when a negro is charged with rape and defended by lawyer,Atticus Finch. This book has it all. A story about human dignity, life, and conscience, To Kill A Mockingbird will forever be a timeless classic. The lessons that lie within will stay with you long after the book is finished!!  C.S.H."
I find this book a great example of clsic littiture is that it has the childhood of a young girl named scout she has a tom boy additude and is hard to relize shes a girl.This book teaches a leason wich is to treat every one as equals and not to dicimateThis book has bin refed to over and over as the peak to lititure and I agree.
"Your blurb for the book tells us that this is the book that made many of you fall in love with reading. I can't quite say that, since I loved reading before I was given this book by a neighbor when I was about 13 or so (around 8th or 9th grade if I remember correctly). I remember reading it in two days and starting it all over again when I finished it. This was the book that made me take note of writing for what it was rather than for just telling a story. I remember repeating certain phrases that I liked over and over. I also recall that I was reluctant to return it to my neighbor and took some of my paper route money to buy myself a copy which became dog eared over the years. I have since lost it, but have replaced it with a couple of hard cover copies. In any case, I remember being taken with the simplicity of the way Scout told the story and drew me in. The tormenting of Boo Radley by Jem, Scout, and Dill reminded me of similar escapades my friends and I would pull on the Radley-like folks in our own neighborhood...you know, everyone had that ""one house"" in the neighborhood that had a scary reputation. I'm sure that added greatly to my enjoyment of the book. I also remember the quiet dignity of Atticus and how, inadvertently, Harper Lee taught us all a lesson in tolerance, love, and especially the meaning of family. This book still makes an impression on me nearly thirty years later, and it is the one book I re-read twice a year without fail just for pure enjoyment and to spark those memories of when I first read it. I have yet to read anything like it. My deepest gratitude to Harper Lee for this wonderful book!"
"I love this book.  When I was 12, I was forced to read it in school.  I hated it then.  When I was 13, I re-read it for my own pleasure - it was brilliant.  Ever since then, I have read that book 4 times.  I am now 19, and I still love that book"
An excellent book about racism and how a white family helps to combat it.  Very heartfelt.  A triumph.  This book is filled with hopes that we can end bigotry.  Harper Lee told a great story that will live on.  Highly Recommended
Good book. A must very read. Good for brain. keep an eye on you eyes when you read thes book!!!
"Having re-read To Kill a Mockingbird several times since childhood (including this special edition). A southern tale of a widowed Atticus Finch raising his two children, Jem and Scout, in a community where people help each other and often times hurt one another.  It is a beautiful story of family, childhood friendships, playful summers, injustice, hate, and love.Some have speculated that Truman Capote, cousin of Harper Lee, actually wrote this classic tale.  I believe that Ms. Lee simply shared her wonderful childhood experiences with us.  Thank you Harper! The writer Anais Nin has a wonderful quote that captures the personalities of Jem, Scout and Dill as portrayed by Harper Lee. ""The people I find irresistable are those in whom the child was not killed.  The qualities of openness, trust, inquisitiveness, tenderness, eagerness, enthusiasms...come from the child in us and are the source of charm.  The laughter and smile that do not calculate, the spontaneity that is not arrested."" For those who haven't learned why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird...READ THE BOOK."
Harper Lee deftly transports you to a sleepysouthern town where the mysteries of the grown-upworld are considered through the untainted eyes of youth.  The larger questions of life are dealt with honestly and without cynicism.  In its subtlety lies its beauty.
"This book is by far the best one ever written. Taking place during the GreatDepression, it shows how poor people can be, and how they repay others withwhat they have, and it didn't have to be with money. I read this book during my Language class and it was very rewarding for me. The vocabulary is amazing. I thought this book was going to be aweful because the movie wasn't all it was cracked up to be. This book teaches you the true meaning of courage, how hard prejudiciness was in those times, and how people fear what they do not understand. I would highly recommend this book to anyone--but don't watch the movie first!"
"Having to read books in Mrs. Sewell's 8th grade english class is quite interesting.  Her reactions and facial expressions kind of put YOU in the story and then when you ask her questions she's secrative about it and wont tell you it's all creepy.  One day I couldn't stand it any longer I didn't sleep at all. I just stayed up and finished the book. it was FABULOUS.  I was on top of the world.  Thinking all day, daydreaming, putting myself in Scout's position or Jem's or Boo's or Miss Maudie's- I was everyone.  It was also great to have been ""let in "" on my teachers secret-the end and I never tell secrets so that was fun and.  (once everyone finished the book she showed us the movie, it was touching but the book changes your life with a MUCH deeper meaning) I found a deeper meaning to my almost 14 years.  I knew that who I was and what I stand for should be known.  I liked finally knowing the story but then... Mrs. Sewell told us that ""the trial"" (read the book to find out...) never happened TO Harper Lee - even though it really did happen.  Then what was the purpose? how much really happened? the anger could be there, but the situations???????  I was confused. But Harper must have really met Boo and talked extensively or else why would she live the way she does? (if this is Harper reading this then I am a great fan or yours, yet still confused and I wish you'd email me, I wouldn't tell anyone, secreta are always honored...)  if Dill was Truman Capote then what happened and Jem died? what about the older sister, she wasn't in the story....  This book is deep, but it keeps you hanging.  WHAT HAPPENED?  it is THE BEST book I've ever read and the unit my teacher did was pretty cool.The characters are so deep that they make you think more than any other book that I've ever read.  But it was Harper Lee that touched, changed, nurtured, tought, strengthened, and marked my life, forever...This is the BEST book ever written."
"The only good thing about this book is that thestoryline os OK. However it is kind of retarded. What kind of person call there dad by there first name. Also who knows if Boo and his family are ""strange"" because no one will ever talk to them."
"This is the only book that I have not regretted being forced to read in a high school English course.  The language used is wonderfully expressive, and I finished the book the day it was assigned in my zealous race to see what happened.  I was thoroughly disappointed the next day, when, asking what other books Ms. Lee had written, I was told that she had written no other books.  I had to content myself with reading this one repeatedly, until I had committed entire scenes to my memory.  I recommend this book to anyone, young or old, and I sincerely hope that they see in it what I did"
"I picked up this book, thinking it was another boring English novel I was supposed to read. I was so wrong. Through the eyes of Scout Finch we gradually see how the prejudice, violence, and hypocrisy of one town is pricked by the strength of one man's struggle for justice, justice to free a Black man from being wrongly sentenced for a crime he most possibly could not have done. This book brings to surface, the idea of how unfair and cruel we as a society can be, and how this racism and bigotry can affect so many, in ways we cannot imagine. Harper Lee has written one of the few brilliant novels of our time. She brings into the characters the liveliest sense of life, and has brought into the world a most touching book...so likeable, so intense"
"This is a truely excellent book!  If you have not yet read it I say,""What are you thinking about?""  It was a true masterpiece."
"I have lost count of how many times I've reread this gem of a book.  Children will always be children but Scout, Jem and Dill are also `wise' beyond their years.  I wonder if we adults will do the same thing, faced with the same situation.  This book is crackling with humour and full of good lessons too.  It's a `JEM'"
"I feel the novel was well worth the time spent to read it.  It tells a lot about how the blacks were treated against the whites.  I also liked the way Atticus stood up for Tom Robinson in court (even though he had to.)  It was kind of funny the way Dill, Scout, and Jem tried many ways to get Boo Radley out of his house.  Especially when Jem got his pants caught on the Radley's fence.  What Dill and Scout didn't know was that Boo knew about them the whole time when he left them treasures in the knot hole of the tree.  What made the book so good was when Boo saved Scout and Dill's life when the two of them were walking home from school one night"
Brings  a simple view of life that is at once comprehensive and evident. It offers a philosophy of looking at a complicated world through the eyes of a child
"I too reread this book every few years.  It starts when some item in the news sends me looking up a turn of phrase (If he had shoes, he would have worn them on the first day of school and then not again until November.) Pretty soon I've turned back to, ""I say it started the summer before but Jem says...""  For every time I read it, some part strikes me in a way that it never has before and I get a little more out of it.  A valued and wise friend for life"
"To Kill A Mockingbird is a sensational book to read to others or just to yourself.  Atticus Finch is a wonderful role model for all ages.  He stands up for what he believes in without giving into pressures placed upon him during the story.  Jean-louise Finch, also knowns as Scout to most people who know her, is a wonderful role model for all young and old children.  She is placed in situations that many of us at one point are.  She learned many lessons through out the book along with Dill Harris and her Brother Jeremy Atticus Finch.  The children had their own goals set for themselves.  They were ""after"" Aurthur ""Boo"" Radly, and the story behind him"
"I remember the first time I read ""To Kill A Mockingbird"". Flying through it in order to get a 10th grade English paper done, I missed alot. A few summers later I was unemployed and found myself reading it again out of boredom. That boredom didn't last. In the years since I have reread the story three or four times; once even staying up all night to do it. The power of the story lies in the words for me. The simple descriptions of complicated actions from the perspective of a small girl have incredible power. The final line  of the novel regarding the fact that Atticus would be there when Jem ""waked in the morning"" exemplifies this by simply showing the love this man has for his son with out relying on overt emotionalism. In its' simplicity it avoids sensationalism and therfor comes across stronger and clearer. Yet in my rereadings, I have always found a new level of understanding for the words and actions, growing to love the novel more each time. I even dated someone whose nickname was Boo Radley. My only regret is that as I searched for more work by Ms Lee, I was told by a bookstore owner that she opted not to write on this level again. So I am left to sit up until six a.m. waiting for Boo Radley to come out of the corner"
"As a young child (probably age 5 or 6), my mother took me to see the movie ""To Kill a Mockingbird"". It had a tremendous impact on me. I was terrified of the tree where Scout & Jem received their gifts. I was terrified of the house where Boo lived. I was afraid of the useless arm of Tom Robinson and the mean, drunken father of May Ella. I had led a very sheltered life in a small town.  When I was old enough, I read the book. I am firmly convinced that through Miss Lee's accounting (coupled with my belief in God and Christ who died for all), I was able to look at others with unprejudiced eyes. I learned that people can be good or bad no matter what their station in life, no matter what color, or no matter what financial or physical level. Tom Robinson was a good man even though he was in a minority race, was poor, and was handicapped. I learned to be kind to others not as fortunate as myself. I see a lot of Scout in myself. I looked upon everyone as my equal and often put my foot in my mouth just as she did with the Jimson (Was that the name? - It escapes me) boy.  I also learned to try not to be afraid of that with which I was not familiar.  My sons are growing up now. I had them to watch the movie when they were younger. Now, I am encouraging them to read the book. My son was to read it his sophomore year at high school. He read the Cliffs Notes! He just doesn't have time or the love to read books. He did love the movie though, and has watched it again. I am trying to instill them with unprejudiced eyes. So far, so good."
We read the book last year in school and even though we live in Africa we understood it.  Harper Lee has written a brilliant book
To kill a mockingbird is a excellent high quality novel written by a great author.  The book does a good job in painting a picture of historical america.  The author does a fine work creating wonderful characters who seem stuck in an ever unfair world.  The events in the novel cause one to think about what a cruel world this is and how our attitudes and behaviour affect our children so deeply
"It takes me back to that age when i first read that book, when i was young and dreamy, and longed for a father like Atticus and a brother like Jem. I could identify so much with Scout, inspite of coming from a different culture and background. It speaks a lot for the book - for the universal concepts of justice and fairness that it brought out unconciously. And of hope, and confusion and joy and simple pleasures, and introduction and comprehension of the world of adults"
"This is a book which is indeed timeless.  It needs to be read by all.  I am surprised that Oprah hasn't had it on her book club list.If you are vaguely familar with the book, it may seem that it is only a book for small time southerners, or perhaps it was written before the civil rights movement and therefore doesn't need to be read today.  Wrong! A clear message for all races is in this book.  How could you not read it.  Remember Demi Moore named her daughter after one of the characters."
"I thought that the main idea of this was very good.  In the beginning it was very stupid though.  I don't really care that these people want to get a look at Boo Radley.  That is so stupid.  However towards the end, teh trail and the action sfollowing were very good.  This book was perverted though.  The author of this book was sick, I am sorry to say"
"I originally picked up this book for my 10th grade summer reading list and at my mom's suggestion. At first, the book is rather slow, but carries a good story line; however, once you get past the first hundred pages, things really speed up and you can't put it down. What's more, it is definitely identifiable with reality; everything the kids did is certainly in the realm of what kids do every day. The most sad part of this book is that, although this book was published almost forty years ago, everything in there could still happen today - and by that, I mean everything that had to do with the trial"
"This book tells about two young children growing up in the rural south, while their father, a lawyer, is dealing with a case that will change him, his children, and their town forever. I love the way that Harper Lee twists small details in with larger ones, all the while, keeping the reader's attention. Though the subject of racial discrimination is a tough subject, she deals with it in the easiest way possible. Though the story of Scout, Jem and Dill always seems to be in the spotlight, the reader gets more of a handle on Atticus's story. I think this story should be a national treasure, if it isn't one already"
"""To Kill A Mockingbird"" is a book that one can read many times over a lifetime because it is a story that appeals to any age group and on many emotional and intellectual levels.  Ms.Lee's style is comforting and conversational in it's tone.  There is no better book for young adults or readers of any age who wish to be transported, through the innocent eyes of a child, back to a time that, in the final analysis, is not vastly different from the present.  The lessons taught here, about humanity, tolerance and love, are ageless"
"Author Harper Lee captures a large portion of my own childhood in ""To Kill A Mockingbird."" Like Jem and Scout, I spent a good deal of the late 1950s and early 1960s creating adventures in forbidden places. My friends and I would explore forbidden construction sites while the workers were still there, sneaking into unfinished basements, or entering a church so we could climb up to the steeple, hoping the janitor wouldn't catch us. It might have been as simple as spying on a school janitor, trying to get as close to him as possible without being seen.  What I didn't know, and what Jem and Scout didn't know was that our game was spotted by the ""victims"" long before our adventures were over.I don't recall what year I first saw ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" on TV, but it was a Saturday night, and the following Monday I had to go out and buy the book. Over the next five years I must have seen the movie and read the book at least a half a dozen times each. Harper Lee somehow manages to capture a story as if she was there, and makes us feel as if we also were there.Watching the movie, or reading the book is like looking at an old scrap book of memories. This is what good literature is supposed to do, and why this book should be in everyone's home"
Perfect.  Just perfect.  Do yourself a favor (maybe for the second or third time) and read To Kill A Mockingbird this Summer
"To Kill A Mockingbird is the great American novel.Its characters are solid and believable, movingfluidly through a finely honed tale of love and sorrow. We meet Scout, willful, intelligent, thoughtful and motherless, watched over tenderly by her father, the quiet and respected lawyer, Atticus Finch. She is both torment and constant companion to her brother Jem.  They are joined one summer by Dil, a story telling relative of a neighbor. Scout moves through her family, her town, and her story with the inquisitive nature that is the delight and bane of parents in all ages. She is cared for by Calpurnia, who comes daily to ""do"" for the Finch family, though it is apparent that she is more than domestic help. Jem and Scout and Dil are determined to meet ""Boo"" Radley, their mysterious neighbor, whom they have never seen, but imagine to be dangerous and terrifying.  When he begins to leave little gifts for them in the hollow of a tree, Jem is encouraged to seek information about him, but his queries go unsatisfied. When Atticus Finch accepts an unpopular case, and actually prepares a defense for a black man, the town and Scout's life are deeply affected.  One summer night, she begins the often painful process of growing up, when she finds neighbors and friends gathered to lynch Tom Robinson, while her father stands guard. The little Southern town, so sleepy and gentle to its children, harbors all manner of people, as Scout again finds out one terrifying night, after a school pageant.  She learns about assumptions, and love, and fear, and the obligations we meet, the contributions we make, if we wish to be considered truly human. Harper Lee's love for people swells from the pages of this book.  Her characters are exquisitely drawn, their story is believable and thrilling.  It is an excellent read for children, who will identify with with Scout and Jem, and for adults, who will appreciate the plight of Atticus, and the moral code he displays.  If you haven't read it, read To Kill A Mockingbird.  If you have, read it again. And again. And again."
Simply the greatest story I have ever read
"This story was very captivating.As you read the story would just suck you in so much that you just couldn't set it down.It tells of the hardships two young children experience as well as that of a man who,becuase he was mentally retarded,was locked in his attic by his own father as a child.The book tells how the man befriends the children,who are brother and sister,but the father of the man dissaproves so much that he tries to kill the children.  The book also goes into great detail of racism in the deep south as a black man goes on trial for raping a young white woman.  It was a wonderful book and I would reccomend it to anyone"
"Read this book and see the movie! It's too bad Harper Lee went into seclusion after she wrote this book . Dill was based on her friend, Truman Capote, I believe. Look for Robert Duvall in the movie--might have been his first movie. He had a small but important role. Everyone should read this book--such important and wonderfully evoked ideas"
"This book has a girl and two boys with an astonishing love for people of all kinds.  It taught me how cruel some people can be just because of race, creed, or anything that makes you different.  It shows that these things can over-power the justice system and convict someone as innocent as you and me.  The man, Tom Johnson, WAS like a mockingbird.  He never bothered people, he simply helped them.  The thanks he got from the girl he helped was being sentenced guilty of raping the her  and in the end he was killed. I think this can teach anyone to think in all fairness and if we absorbe in this cruelity we can eventually change our ways.  It's a must read.  I loved it"
"I enjoyed parts of To Kill a Mockingbird. I loved the story line of getting Boo Radley out of the house. I thought it was cute and seemed like something curiose kids would do at that age. I liked learning about Scout, Jem, Dill, Atticus, Calpurnia and all the other characters. The part though that really turned me off from the book was all the prejudice and racism. I know that that was simply the life of Maycomb, but I feel that the dialogue at some point came to an extreme.Other than this I did enjoy this book, but I would only reccomend it to mature adults."
"Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" is not just a novel but a journey of life through the eyes of a 6-year old tomboy named Scout. Scout's observations are devastatingly honest and on target. Lee has taken the social rubble known as life and transformed this miasma of emotion and action into a comprehensible, moving tale. The truths and perceptions in this novel compare to the distrubing truths in such major modern works as Heller's ""Catch-22"" and Saul Bellow's ""Humbolt's Gift,"" although Lee has less of an obvious jagged edge to her work. This novel is a must read for any serious student of literature.Delbert Griffith  12-12-96"
"In the scene where Atticus leaves the courtroom and the children are told to rise in their father's honor along with theblack people, I tear up everytime.  I find it to be a quiet memorial to his diligence in the name of justice, truth, honesty, dignity and the equality of all.  It is a show of re spect for a man of immense honor and fairness.  It is an act of quiet desperation in the face of overwhelming injustice, prejudice, racism and bigotry.  It is all they can give to him but it speaks volumes.  I share the novel each year with my 10th grade students and each year, they say, ""I love this book"". I am honored to be in the presence of students who perhaps for the first time in their lives ""feel"" the injustice and prejudice that far too many prople have been subjected to for numerous reasons.  I also love the evolving maturity and love in the unusual Finch family.  I see the family representing many feel ings that are unspoken in my students' eyes.  Through the eyes of Scout and out of the mouth of a babe we see and hear about our educational and judical system.  We see prejudice, love, family, neighborhood, life, death, mystery, uniqueness, kind ness, hatred, ignorance, mistrust.  We feel the depth and breadth of emotion.  It is a story worth telling, reading, dis cussing more than once.  When Scout says ""Heh, Boo.""  She sees inside of him.  She sees the inner man and looks beyond the exterior delivering the message to all of us....""Heh, Boo."""""
"One of the few books I've ever read and movies I've ever seen where I ""experienced"" the feelings, the emotions, the highs, and the lows for each and every character.  I ""lived"" each person's life and enjoyed every minute of the time I shared with the To Kill a Mockingbird cast, both reading and watching"
"Tough lessons are learnedBy a young girl named ScoutThe prejudices churned She knew nothing about. Atticus, with morals as strong as can be Showed there are heroes That stick by their cause and never flee From the dangers of the enemies that he knows. Some ignorant people who hate Others for no reason at all Seal a young man's fate Which sucessfully does apaul The young Scout Finch Who now understands her society's fall."
"This is also the book that got ME started into an English degree.  Not only do you see the world through the eyes of a young tomboy named Scout Finch, you hear other voices--such as Miss Maudie, the neighbor across the street who tells Scout how Southern people act (they aren't always polite).  Other voices include Sheriff Heck Tate, Jem Finch, Tom Robinson, Mayella Ewell and Mr. Ewell, Mr. Cunningham, and the loud silence of one Boo Radley.  All of them converge on one character:  Atticus Finch, a character that transcends time.  This is a well-written book, told through the dialect of a grown Southern woman looking back on her childhood.  A MUST READ!"
"Well, at least it was in my own language.  Otherwise, it sucked.  It was the same old, same old plot.  Maybe Lee originated it, but that doesn't matter.  Once you have read one book like this one, you have read them all.  A classic american piece of caca"
I could do both shedding tears and burst to laugh. It's a little bitdifferent culture to grasp for Indonesian like me but mostly the tale are reallyrepresenting the very nature of life itsel
"Harper Lee tells the tale of a small Alabama county Maycomb.  The narrator, Jean Louise ""Scout"" Finch, tells all about the mysterious Radleys, and many others in the town.  However, the main plot deals with racial injustice and the book makes your heart sag.  However, you will never read a better book"
"Sally Darling brings Harper Lee's tour de force of a younggirl's encounter with the beauty and the ugliness of humannature to vibrant life. Scout Finch, the daughter of a southern lawyer, reflects upon her childhood years.  In a series of engrossing events the tale of life in a small southern town unfolds.  Never slow, the narrative moves swiftly from one action to another in highly fluid form. From the eyes of a little girl, the reader witnesses the unfolding of a series of events through which she is brought  face to face with prejudice and bigotry.  The forms that this prejudice takes are both subtle and obvious. Black and white, old and young, rich and poor, cultured and earthy, educated and ignorant, Scout encounters hatred and fear in almost all the people around her. Her world is shown in a series of expanding circles with herself in the center, her brother and friend next, her father and housekeeper next, then neighbors, teachers, schoolmates etc. in ever widening circles.  Starting with the outermost people and working inward, the innermost hatreds of the human heart are revealed to her. As she awakens to more and more varieties of prejudice she seeks to separate herself from them. During the climax of the book, Scout is shown, for the first time, her own heart and the prejudice within. In a moving final narrative, she admits her own failing and awakens to true compassion and empathy.  The narration by Sally Darling is perfectly in keeping with the spirit of the novel. In silky southern tones Ms. Darling brings the story to almost a visually compelling life. The novel introduces us to a variety of the townsfolk in a richness that makes us seem as though we ourselves live in that town, and Ms. Darling's insightful characterizations bring the people out in an almost tangible reality.  The coupling of one of the most outstanding novels of our time with the animated and believable narration provides the listener with an unparalleled experience that only gets better with each listening. An unqualified triumph."
"This book is quite simply the sweetest, most perfect storyever written.  At its core is a simple story, filled withhonor and compassion, told through the wide, innocent eyes of a 6-year-old girl named Scout. If you only read one book in your life, this is the one."
"The book To Kill A Mockingbird guides us through the unbosomings of Scout and Jem's childhood.The book shows how man can be so hypocritic and cruel, how prejudice had hurt so many, how one brave man can go out of his way to help a fellow man. José Moreno  Age 13"
"On the surface, first-person story of a young girl'sadventures in a small southern town during the depression.Story addresses impact of economic hardship and extreme racial injustice through the eyes of the heroine without patronizing her. I believe the character of ""Dill"" was based on Truman Capote, a childhood friend of Harper Lee. One of the finest books I have ever read; I generally reread it every year or two."
I first read this book in 9th grade.  I am now a Junior in college and it is still my favorite book.  I fell in love with the characters; Scout and Jem.  It is a beautiful story that reminds us of how judging people by what they do or how they look is not always accurate.  A great book to introduce disabilites to older children and teach about racism.  It is never to early to teach these lessons.
"The Cunninghams were a family of truthfulness, loyalty and able to carry on great responsibilities. They did not want to hurt anyone,  they were grateful for the people that had helped them on their journey of life. When the Cunninghams were wrong they admitted it, when they were right they didn't show it. They had great respect for anyone who walked on the face of the earth. But as usual the Ewells  were just the opposite, they did not tell the truth on a consistent basis, and it wasted a human life. After the trial of Tom Robinson versus Mayella Ewell, the Ewells were ashamed because Mayella may have like a black negro, Bob Ewell caught them in the bedroom kissing and suspected the worse. He claimed that Tom raped his daughter and then beat her. All of the bruises were on the right side of Mayella's body, Tom had no left arm. It was Obvious that Tom did not do it. But the Ewells which were ashamed to admit it, costing Tom Robinson his life. He was very upset and was disgusted how long it took for the jury to deliberate. He fought retribution against Atticus's kids and hurt them coming back from a Halloween party. Bob Ewell could not stand that his word was barely good enough to overcome a black African American.  The Cunninghams were very much respected by others because they kept their word, they would do anything to pay you back, they would help  you, and never worry about what was in it for them. The Cunninghams renewed their resources by doing this, people were glad to help them. As for the Ewells used up their resources, they scrounged around taking, taking, and taking from others and used up their resources. People were disgusted when they helped the Ewells. Both Cunninghams and Ewells had special privileges Cunninghams were able to pay people  back with other things than just the American currency, while the Ewells were given privileges because people were ashamed of them. Cunninghams also never had to worry about getting themselves into  trouble they never lied and were very hard workers, ! the Ewells were liars, and were too ashamed to stop the slandering of Tom Robinson before it came uncontrollable, costing Tom his life. This story  shows that Hard work is difficult and tough to maintain, but it will pay off, it maybe easier to beg and mooch like the Ewells but sooner or later the beggars and moochers have no where to turn, so they lie  and cheat and quickly their life become corrupt, much like the Ewell's.  ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" reflects on every day society and how outcasts of society can be misread and understood.  There was not a lot of humor in the book, but the great detail made you become one with the characters.  If you enjoy law you would enjoy  ""To Kill a Mockingbird.""  This book will attract the hearts and attention of almost any person."
"I first read this book at the beginning of 9th grade, not knowing that I was going to have to re-read it in English class at the end of my freshman year. The first time I read it, I thought it was great but I didn't think it was my favorite book. Then, when I read it for the second time in class, it seemed a lot better. Even though I already knew everything that was going to happen, I was actually a lot more interested in the book the second time around. Read this book, and read it again and again... it only gets better."
"*I loved Harper Lee's ""To Kill A Mockingbird.""  It starts as a flashback, as told through the eyes a sweet girl nicknamed ""Scout."" *Through most of the story, it seems like the book is going to be based on the life of the creepy neighbor that Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill try to get out of seclusion.  The mysterious Arthur ""Boo"" Radley, seems to be the focus of the story early on, but later, a new topic shows the point. *The ideal father, Atticus, seems to be the only man in Maycomb County willing to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman.  This is very important because the story takes place in the deep South during the Depression. The trial helps the kids (especially Jem) realize that even the town they've lived in all their life, is not as it seems. *My favorite quotes come from Sheriff Heck Tate and Scout, the two quotes are unrelated, and won't make sense until the whole story has been read.  Tate says, ""...there's just some kind of men you have to shoot before you can say hidy to 'em.  Even then they ain't worth the bullet it takes to shoot 'em.""  Scout says, ""Mr. Tate was right...it'd be sort of like shootin' a mockingbird, wouldn't it?""  The quotes alone are enough to read the book, and I know that once you start reading it, you won't be able to put it down; I know I couldn't."
"I read this book first, I think, when I was ten years old.  Now, two years later, I still read it and fall in love every time!  For those of you who say ""I would only reccommend this book to mature adults"", well, a mature audience, is more like it. I suppose that if you read this book for a school assignment then it can be boring.  But then, take another shot at it and read it for fun!  You really haven't read anything until you real this book.  This is probably my all-time favorite book.  To those of you who have never read it, here's some advice.  GET A COPY AND READ, PRONTO!!!"
"This book is just excellent. I'm reading it for school so I automatically thought I wouldn't like it, but it is much better than I had expected. You just get the feeling that you're down South with Scout, Dill, and Jem and that you can see through their perspective. I also liked Harper Lee's description of the Radley place and Mrs. Dubose... either it's scary or disgusting. Just the way I like it."
"A story set in the south when racism  was considered the norm.  A single parent (Atticus) had the job of raising his daughter Scout, and his older son, Jem.  At the same time his job and  obligation was to defend a innocent black man against a white jury.  Throughout the story you see that Atticus does what is right for him and no one else.  As his two children get older you notice the strong and positive influence Atticus instills in his children.  I believe that more people should have the same mind set as Atticus."
"When my teacher first told my class that we were going to read a 281 page novel called, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" I let out a moan. 281 long pages with tiny words and I was stuck reading it. My thoughts changed when I opened up the book and began reading about Jem and Scout. My feelings quickly changed from not wanting to reading this novel to not wanting to put it down until i was done ( which is unusual for a 10th grade student to say.) I felt that in some way I was connected to Scout through her storytelling. Miss Lee's writing shows that racism occurs in society but some people can see ast the color of ones skin, that there is a lot of hatred in the world, and that going from innocence to experience can occur within the blink of an eye. I strongly recomend that all young adults read this sometime in their school career, even if it is not assigned. I assure you that you will not regret it!"
"I am a college student at Auburn University but I grew up in a town in Alabama about the size of Scout's home town.  It was also an hour away from Harper Lee's home town of Monroeville.  This book showed me how people from Anywhere, USA could change the world that they lived in.  I believe that it also showed the rest of the world how people from the deep south are not all ignorant, racist clods."
The first time I read this book I was 10. Then I reread it 40 more times. Now I'm 26 and I still thank my late mother for having me handed this book. It's absolutely the best of all times. Apparently my favorite...I can read it 40 more times and still find new flavours. I love the Finch family and the whole village!
"I read this with my class in the 6th grade and LOVED it. This is a great  book, and I loved how the characters developed. We spent forever studying  this book, acting out the scenes, we watched the movie, etc. One of the  best parts os studying this was acting out the secene where Scout brings  Walter home. But it wasn't just the class. The book itself has such an  excellent plot, great for a southerner like myself"
"This is one of the loveliest books I've read. One simply falls in love  with the characters in the book. The way Atticus speaks to his children  touches a chord in your heart. A book, after reading which, you  feel good."
"Again, I was forced to read this, and once again I was disappointed.  The  only memorable part I actually enjoyed reading was the very first page,  where whatsherface talks about the heat of the city.  The descriptive  languge there tends to suggest that the rest of the novel will be the same,  but *it wasn't*.  *snore*  Alas, I've seen another ""great American  novel"" be tossed aside..when you've actually found a decent one tell  me.BTC"
This is a book that you will not put down for a minute. Scout's adventures  are something everyone (young and old) will enjoy.
"I never had to read To Kill a Mockingbird while going though school, and  didn't read it until I was 27 years old.  I loved it, and now I'm reading  all of the ""classics"" that I missed out on when I was younger.  Having fun!"
"I never had to read To Kill a Mockingbird while going though school, and  didn't read it until I was 27 years old.  I loved it, and now I'm reading  all of the ""classics"" that I missed out on when I was younger.  Having fun!"
"I really enjoyed reading To Kill A Mockingbird. In the beginning I want  too thrilled about reading it because it was a school assignment, but as i  got further and further into the book it grew on me. This novel is filled  with many laughs, cries and in betweens. Jem and his sister Scout ( Jean  Louise) are living in a world where people are judged by the color of their  skin and not the content of their character. The fact that their father,  Atticus, is a lawyer and defending a black man on rape charges is not  helping. I would recommend this book to any one who enjoys a good book  filled with the facts of life."
"I just finished reading this novel for the first time, and I found myself  completely absorbed by the book whenever I picked it up.  The characters  and plot in this books are amazing; it's deifinitely my favourite book!"
"I read this book in one week.  I came back and reread it over a month just  to savor the quality of writing in it.  Lee's power is honest and  unwavering.  She shows the world through the eyes of a little girl wo is  too smart for her own good. I think this book will stand the test of time  and be read long after we are gone along with are children.  How this book  wasn't choosen as the greatest english book ever written is beyond me.  Lee  writes with a clarity that even Joyce could only hope to achive.  I can say  this thing about this book,  that it will proboly be the only book I make  my children read.  Other than reading this book, they can never read again  for all I care."
This is such a great book.  I loved it and I know that you will too.
"I will be brief;the other reviews here are praise enough. This is the book I took to the hospital when I went to deliver my first child. Needless to say, I didn't get much reading done, but the intent was there!This book, like ""A Tree Grows in Brooklyn"" is one of my ""comfort"" books!"
"This book was required for my summer high school 10th grade reading. First thought-yeah, yet one more book about the pains of growing up in the early 1900's.  Well, the book proved otherwise.  When reading, I really began to feel as if I was a part of the Finch family.  Truly, Harper Lee writes a book of humor, relationships, trauma-all necessary characteristics of a well-written novel.  To Kill A Mockingbird really gave me the perspective of the mysteries the Finch children had to uncover-Boo Radley especially.  I throughly enjoyed this novel."
"This book is absolutely awesome! While it was a school assignment, I fell in love with the book. I kept my copy of it and plan to read it again and again. Analysis of the plot wasn't fun in English class, but it's still pure reading enjoyment."
"I was forced to read To Kill a Mockingbird in eighth grade as a school reading assignment.  Being a science fiction fan, I wasn't too enthusiastic.  But as I got into the story, I soon realized it wasn't just any old book.  This story was intreguing.  I think I finished the book in one evening.  I just couldn't put it down.  I had to read the book again my junior year in high school.  I figured it would be an easy assignment.  After all, I had already read the book.  But since I had to write a paper on it, I sat down to re-read the story.  And once again, I couldn't put it down.  I knew the story, knew what was going to happen, yet I still found the story enthralling.  Harper Lee's talent for writing has created a wonderful story, told through the innocent eyes of young Scout Finch.  By showing all of the events from Scout's point of view, Lee shows us how we should act, prejudice free.  She proves that each person needs to be looked at for who they are, not for what others say they are."
"I read this book in ninth grade (I'm now in 12th) and I didn't realize how much I liked it. I just thought it was a really serene and beautiful book. It was filled with childhood's innocence and happiness. Through the eyes of Scout, Jem, and Dill, we see things from a different perspective, the perspective that we all wish to be in. In the undercurrent of the town, however, we as readers know that there's something going on.  I loved this book because of its beautiful portrait of the world of the kids, even in a prejudiced place like Maycomb. I saw the movie with Gregory Peck last night and I want to read the book again."
"Though this book has been associated with many people's negative experiences in 9th grade english, this is still literature worth picking up.  If not that it is a great piece of american literature, then get it because it is one of the most banned books in america!"
"I AM AN EIGHTH GRADE STUDENT FROM DETROIT AM MY LITERATURE TEACHER HAD ALL OF HER STUDENTS BUY THIS BOOK AND FOR HOMEWORK EACH NIGHT WE HAD TO READ THIS STORY AND TAKE NOTES .I HAVE ONE WORD TO SAY ABOUT THIS BOOK , WONDERFUL!. I WOULD RECOMENED THIS TO ANY ONE . MY FAVORITE CHARACTERS WRE OF COURSE SCOUT FINCH, MISS ATKINSON, AND DILL  BAKER .  THIS IS THE BEST STORY I HVE EVER READ"
This was a great book!
"To Kill A Mocking bird is one of the most interesting novel I ever read. The story take place in a small town call Maycomb, Alabama in 1960. The story is about a white lawyer defending a black males who have been acussed of beating up a white woman.  The lawyer has two children, one boy (Jem), and one girl(Scott). Jem really want to play football with his dad Atticus(the lawyer), by Atticus said he is too old to play football.  Jem thought to himself about his dad that he can never play football with me, nor do anything.  The two children have their own secret.  They wonder who lives in the old house across the street in the corner. They were scared everytime they walked by there. They heard stories that the people lived there are the murderer, they only come out at night time.  One day there was a mad dog in town.  People locked their doors and windows and keep their children off the street.  When a sheriff came face to face with the dog, he said ""We better get Atticus."" Jem wonder why the sheriff want to called Atticus if he is so weak and can't do anything. When Atticus arrived, the sheriff hand over the rifle to him.  The dog was about 100 yard away. Jem got his eyes on Atticus.  Atticus aimed at the dog and pulled the trigger and the dog was flat on the ground 100 yards away. Jem was shocked. When he can out the house, the sheriff said ""your dad is the sharpest shooter in town."" from that day, Jem paid more respect to Atticus and take back every he said.  As for the haunted house and the black man case, well.............you have to read it to find out! it is outrageous!"
A wonderfully captivating book. The characters are vivid and the lessons memorable. One of the all time best. I was amazed by how closely the movie by the same name follows the book.
