Too often these books offer so many options you are stuck in analysis paralysis.  This is a great quick start guide to actually get you moving.
My family already raises chickens so this was a nice little refresher and I got some good ideas that we can use for our little operation.
useless redundancy
"This isn't really a book. It's more like a blog-style bullet list of really, REALLY simple points anyone considering chicken keeping should know (but hopefully already knows from candidly reading up on the topic). If you already have chickens or general experience with any kind of livestock, you aren't likely to learn anything new. The points lack any significant information so it is far from everything one needs to know to raise non-pet chickens. Most of the recommendations are not universally applicable (such as breed selection, which would be completely wrong for folks living in certain climates) and also don't actually have strong support for their recommendation. It either lacks or barely mentions some of the most critical points folks should think about before taking the plunge (i.e., zoning laws, meat and egg selling requirements, safe processing, flock bio security). I trust most folks considering chickens look beyond one short book before making the decision to keep them; it's just disappointing someone with as much experience as the author prints something so scarce and limited with a comprehensive sounding title and offers it for wide distribution. I understand it's a means to introduce readers to her work and she she sells larger titles on the subject. But there are many wonderful free and comprehensive resources for small scale chicken keeping already easily available online. The most this book does is point you to one of those and then repeats advertisements for products affiliated with the author.Overall, two stars... it was free for Kindle and takes a whole of about 10 minutes to read."
Easy read. Not too much fluff. Basic info only for a non pet venture. Worth a read.  Very likeable author.
Simple to read and understand for the beginner. Covers the basics of starting a small backyard flock. Give this book a look if you are thinking of starting a flock.
This book is terrible! most of the information is inaccurate! I don't usually write reviews but this book was so awful I wanna protect beginners from making the mistake of reading it!
I love the no nonsense answers.  Thank you.I look forward to starting my own flock of hens in the spring.  I can't wait.
A concise quick fast read and highly informativeAppreciate it and the free sampleThank you very muchLooking forward to reading more by this author
I enjoyed the no-nonsense approach. I hope I can begin practicing soon. I plan to read the other book on killing and eating them as well.
This is an authoritative introduction to chicken raising for people who want to augment their groceries both in eggs andin meat.  The author makes specific recommendations on breeds best suited to egg laying and lower feed costs aswell as meat production. She also explains about selling eggs which can be a good hobby farm business..  The priceis right for this short book.  I was impressed with the many pics for illustration included in this book as it is an ongoing rant for meabout Kindle books.  The book could have been improved by professional editing as I found typos in the copy.The reviewer is the author of the new Kindle book entitled:  Sex Education For Adults Secrets To AmazingSex and Happily Ever After Too
This is a great easy to understand book.  It taught me about different chickens and their best qualities.  This book was very informative and a joy to read.
A lot of good information for the beginner back yard chicken farmer!
Thank you for sharing your learning from living on the land. You are a real example of how to do this. We have a three hundred acre farm and have been permaculture design for twenty years. Our son who grew up on this land is now in charge. We have a variety of income flows which will soon allow us to be self sufficient. Thanks again.
Good info.
This will not overwhelm you with a lot of gibergaber. Good info for the beginner. Will keep it on hand for reference.
meh not really that much help i could of read this on backyard chickens web page
I have been thinking about raising chickens. This book has some helpful information.
This book answered all the questions in my mind but was afraid to ask. Awesome and simple to understand.Love this book.
LOVE IT ! THANK YOU !
great
Short
Very informative book. I feel like I learned a lot about raising chickens from this book. I'll definitely be re-reading it whenever I buy my chickens!
great item
Informative and interesting.
Good chicken overview. It lets you know there are many ways to raise chickens with little cost. I got this book when I started with chickens 3 years ago and I'm still loving my own fresh eggs.
Excellent - to the point - entry level information that is quite helpful.
"Hahaha 20 more words required.. 15 more words required, 11 more words required seven more words required , three more words required"
Cute! A quick read and still informative.
It had some decent information but felt like it just kind of ended abruptly. Good for someone who has done zero research on chickens and wants to get into raising chickens.
"A quick intro guide to raising chickens. I am a total novice, have only read a little on how to raise chickens in preparation for raising some next year. This book brought up several issues I hadn't considered at all and didn't see mentioned elsewhere."
"Good read, makes me want chickens even more now."
"I'm getting my first eight longhorns in two months so this little book was perfect,  thanks Anna, I'm gonna read more of her books."
5 star
GREAT!
very basic book.
Awesome book..very quick and easy read and gives just the right info to get the job done
I found it very useful with starting a chicken coop. What I was missing was info about what to do when things don't go exactly like planned like deceases and so forth.
Useful information for the beginner that makes the process of raising chickens appealing. Short enough to read in one sitting but good information throughout.
"The book is short, sweet, and to the point! It's a good basic book to get you started with keeping chickens. I like the fact that the author includes online resources as you are reading,"
"A relevant and useful guide to something you just might want to do someday. Raising chickens is for the beginner rancher and professional farmer. The author walks you through the steps of purchasing the best breeds. I had chickens before when my children were young, mostly for the eggs. What I especially like about the book is the section on how to keep chickens alive through the summer and winter months. The book is well organized, sharing info on how much space is required for chickens, along with maintaining a productive flock by culling old hens and extra roosters. I appreciate the knowledge and experience Anna has shared with us here."
This book is exactly what is says it is. Instructive without being dull. The author gives realistic directions and expected results. She provides links for further information as appropriate. thank you!
A little short. But the info given was good for starters! I would like to know more detailed info on feeding and raising them.
This information is very informative and useful.  I particularly liked the way Anna described the steps involved in keeping chicken.  It was easy to read and I felt I learned a lot.
"Short, sweet, and helpfully to the point. Makes me think maybe I can do this nifty chicken thing after all."
Great book!  Very helpful.  Anna knows her stuff.  I would recommend this book for my friends :-)
"This guide is probably a bit too basic to really be very helpful. It presents an interesting and valid concept that chickens can be considered merely stock for the sole purpose of providing food for the table. A bit stark for my liking. It touches briefly but quite knowledgeably on many areas of poultry husbandry with barely a few sentences on any one topic area. And this certainly raises a lot more questions than it answers.To be fair there are links to other reference sources provided in some places in the booklet, so in theory the reader can chase up answers in more depth elsewhere."
"Some helpful tips, but I still named my chickens. It was very practical from a farming view. And it was free."
Really great introductory booklet!
"Straight forward. Quick, easy read. Tells you what you need to know prior to starting your flock. I definitely recommend this book."
This book answered many questions I had about raising chickens. I appreciate the knowledge I gained by reading this book.
"Very informative. as a first time researcher on raising chickens this book touched on all the basics as well as some extras, like which types of birds to raise."
"My wife and I are raising some chickens and found the info here useful. If you are looking to raise chickens, check this out."
"If you have never raised chickens before, than this is the book for you, or if you have chickens, this can be a refresher."
I found this book informative for an extremely new chicken farmer.  There are many opinions and good information...I recommend reading this and then continue reading
"Can not wait to start my flock, Very short and informative book for the beginner. Perfect read for those thinking about raising chickens"
I've had a flock of 30+ hens for over 6 years. This quick print had lots of great reminders of benefit of having chickens.
"Very informative! I enjoyed it tremendously - it was very clear and concise regarding info on chickens, their habitat and habits!"
This fast and easy read was exactly what the novice needs. It answered all kinds of common questions in a straight forward manner. It leaves the reader encouraged that they too can raise a flock.
Learned a lot that I didn't know
"An excellent read for those starting out raising their own chickens. I highly recommend this ""short but to the point"" book to anyone thinking of raising their own flock."
To vague not enough info. I was looking for more details in one place with it surfing the Internet. Specific details that were in this book were helpful but this book is really only a glance
I've kept hens for a few years now. This quick read is practical and encouraging. Great pictures. And the bonus children's story was wonderful.
I learned a lot if basics but disagree with the naming of chickens. Ive raised animals before and I will totally name the chickens haha but I understand why first time animal raisers should steer clear.
Very informative. Easy to read and understand. I would recommend this book to anyone who is thinking about raising chickens.
Includes lots of helpful info. Would have liked to have seen a section on butchering and more on growing your own feed. But I am excited to get chickens this spring.
"Cute read. I love my chickies, glad I am doing it right. They are great to.Have and yummy to have fresh eggs"
Very helpful!
"Quick read and nice overview for raising chickens in the backyard. Thanks Anna, for sharing your knowledge with those of us who are curious."
I enjoyed this book. It eliminates much info overload while still answering basic questions. This is the book I'd recommend a person start with if interested in raising chickens.
Good start for beginners
as shown
easy to understand
"Really good, just wish it were longer:)"
"Very practical book for people who are interested in raising backyard chickens, but don't know where to start.  It was written clearly and concisely, very easy to understand without knowing technical details about farming."
Wish it had more on free ranging.
"the book is ok, except for not naming them, cause one day you will eat them :("
"Great, quick read for the aspiring chicken owner. Appreciated the amount of info. given in such a short amount of space. Nice job."
for a New-be it was a good start.
GOOD
Very informative and helpful. Can't wait to get started! Not sure we can have chickens in town tho. Will have to check!
"I really liked that this book had no filler, it was short and to the point, a very informative and easy to read book."
I am being gifted some chickens and this was a great quick start guide to prepare us for our new responsibilities.
Good value and informative.
This was another very informative chicken book.
A short and enjoyable read to get you started with chickens.  Lots of fun pictures and the kids book at the end was great.
This is a great wee book for people who have never had chickens or it has been so long you need a refresher. Down side is the book doesn't cover how to end the chicken's life (sorry vegetarians) once you have decided they are destined for the freezer.
Typical
A sorry book but enjoyable.
nice layout..cuz wants to try raiseing chickens so got book since free and so far its good
Good book and worth reading. Not much new information.
Informative.
Very informative.
A short fun to read guide on chickens. Well written and to the point. Correctly priced for info contained. I recommend this book to any know-little-wanna-be-chicken-keeper.
"Cute... Unfortunately, I thought it was a "" how to"" book when I got it, lol!But still, a sweet tale."
"“The Working Chicken”, by Anna Hess  There are many books (and magazines) out on the topic of raising chickens – especially for “hobby” raisers, but this is the best of at least a dozen I’ve looked at. I say that mostly because Hess gets right to the point(s), covers what folks really need to know and leaves most of the “frosting” to other books and trade magazines. She also writes with a warm, often humorous, style"
Very interesting ideas for the future. We are planning on growing garden year round. This will come in handy for future reference
This was a good read - it answered all the questions I had as a prospective chicken owner. I'm now planning to read more from the same author.
Would recommend for beginners. Good basic information for people beginning their flock. Especially informative about the right breed and housing.
"The info in this book, is simple and clear.  It answered all my questions as a new chicken ""farmer"".  A rooster and 2 hens wandered into our rural property in August.  We tried to find their owner to no avail.  So I started gathering information on what to feed them, how to shelter them, etc.  The hens started laying eggs right after that.  What a thrill!  Then my neighbors chickens would come over and lay some eggs too. (It was OK because the neighbors don't eat eggs and gave some to me all the time.)  The guessing, questioning and researching could have been done away with if I had just seen this book sooner.  It is not comprehensive but gives a newbie like me the basics."
"What a fun book, can't wait to get some chickens to try out. Now I need a book on how to build a tractor."
"This is an easy-to-read and practical book on raising chickens.  Having chickens when I was young (45 yrs ago), I know  a little on what keeps them healthy and what to do around them.  But with time there are new techniques and ideas and I appreciated the information Ms Hess wrote on -- especially the pros and cons to each choice.  Nice pictures that give one examples of what is being explained.  This book should help a person decide if they have the time, environment, and temperament to raise these farm birds."
"Exactly what it says. Simple direct guide, well written and tons of information while entertaining.Btw, I hate Amazon's requirements for minimum amount of words on ratings. I almost never rate because of this."
Simple and easy to read.  The book was laid out in chapters and was like talking to an experienced friend.
I am new to chickens and this was a good read before I bought my first hens.  Now i just need to finish my coop  Thanks!!!
"Anna Hess has written a simple, no nonsense book about chicken basics.  It is perfect for a newbie, or a person who needs a refresher, like me!  It is the perfect amount of information-not too vague, not too scientific, not too wordy.  Just right!"
"This book only glosses over information you would need to start raising chickens. If you are looking for the deep cuts, look elsewhere."
The info seems good in the book and if I get the chance I will give it a try. Cool
Give you the lowdown on what you need to start keeping chickens and even why you should. This book is even good as a reminder if  you have kept chickens before!
I've bought a few of Anna's books on chickens and am learning a lot.  She answers a lot of questions which beginners might have.  I'm hoping to start raising chickens and this should help me start in the right direction.My only disappointment is that this book is a bit shorter than some of her other books. But it is still a good value.
Well written.  A lot of good info for the starting 'Homesteader'.
Good info for a short read...I liked it.
"Get this book before investing any other money on this topic. It will help you decide if you really have the space, money, and time to keep chickens. Hess's book does what it claims to do: it answers the basic questions concisely, has appropriate pictures and is well edited. I also enjoyed the short children's story at the back of the book: it was very cute."
"Loved it!  I already have chooks but am always looking for new & better ways to keep them.  A great starter and down-to-earth, sensible comments.  The only thing I disagree on is naming the chooks.  I find it useful for identification.  I can say ""Take a look at Joyce, she looks poorly,"" or comment in the records I keep.  I am so sad, I weigh and log the eggs I get and calculate the average weights and numbers so I can compare the reality now and later.  I bought mine at the local market, here, in Portugal and have no idea what type they are but they mainly use Rhodie crosses here for production.  The first I knew they were all laying was in August and I now get medium to large eggs.  I'm more than happy!Kathy"
Great book for raising chickens. Simple straight forward information on much of what you need to know on caring for a small flock. A good starter book for anyone.
I'm fascinated by the time people spend with their flocks and then write about them. I've had chickens for years and still enjoy aGood story.
"I have owned chickens for almost 2 years, but wanted to check this book out anyway. Very glad i did. It has good information and the extra kids story at the end was very cute! I am glad i purchased this book and also learned about the author. I like to support people who are like my family, also a local, fellow Virginia resident.  We are in the process of trying to expand ""our farm"" to be self-substainable and provide others with high quality all natural non GMO meats. We already provide eggs and our customers love them. I look foward to purchasing and reading more of Anna's books."
"I find the information in this book very helpful for a novice, I have confidence now that it is possible to apply the knowledge gained and put it in practice"
"I was hoping for a more in depth, description."
I liked this book and am looking forward to applying the info I found there.
this book is very informational. it tells you everything you need to know about working chickens as well as a little about hpusing
An easy read with just enough information to help evaluate my suitability to raising poultry. This is a good primer before taking my first step.
Easy to follow instructions and information. Nice to know there is more than one option to keeping chickens and they don't require a lot of maintenance.
It was easy to read. Easy to follow. But total common sense. I felt kinda gipped. I learned one thing....checking the ear-lobes of the chicken to possibly determine egg color. Ameracuanas in Co. are GREAT LAYERS. Not so much the opinion of the author. To each their own. Always thankful though for something simple to go off of. Just figured I would learn more rather than being linked to different websites. That's why I gave 3 stars.
I like the book soooooooooo much. It is so cool and helped me raise my hens and tipsters.Yay chicken
"Short, but gets to the point!  A great first-read for anyone considering raising chickens. Lots of useful factual information for the experienced chicken keeper as well as for the beginner.I wish it had more pictures."
"Great overview of chicken care.  Does not sugar coat the daily operations of a small chicken farm, a must read."
I never rate my Kindle purchases as it takes me too long to finish one and too much time to go find the right web page to review it. Purchased it on the book's description.
What a fun book to start with chickens. I like the photos of the chickens and the tractors. The breed list is very helpful also. The flow of the book is Interspersed with her dry humour. Love the children's book at the end.
The author gives just what is needed to get started raising chickens. She writes in a clear fashion that informs and entertains. I plan to check out more of her work.
"I am always looking for good info. I may not have a big flock, but book has a lot of great ideas that I can implement."
I hope no one is buying this to give them all the information they need on raising chickens!!This is a very basic pamphlet.
This is a very good basic overview of getting started with a chicken project for those of us who did not grow up with a farming experience.  We should all feel encouraged to see how important having chickens are to the success of our society.
This book includes about 1/4th of the information you can find on any one site online. I thought it would have some professional information comprehensively compiled in a book. However it was seemingly written by a new hobbiest rather than an experienced permaculturist. Very basic information. Pictures of the authors personal chicken setup was very amateur.
Had a great deal of information but could have been better.  I would recommend to someone whico had no working knowledge of raising chickens.
"over all this was an interesting and educational book.  lots of information and experience went into this book.  i would reccomend it, if this is what interests you."
This is a short and sweet book. You can read it before breakfast. I have raised chickens in years gone by and I learned a few things in this book. We didn't have the web in the 70's and 80's . The web is now a great place to get information like what Anna has written .
"This is one of the best books I have read for a beginner chicken keeper.  Good advice, not preachy, and fun.  Raising a small flock of chickens sould not be hard and the book gives you all the information to get started. The part about disease and predator loss, you will figure out.  Think clean water and strong fences."
"Quick and to the point intro, probably will need to hit google before starting, but good starting point.Word limit on reciews is anoying. :)"
"This was a very informative book, easy to read. The author kept it lite. I would recommend reading this if you are planning to have chickens."
It was not what I expected.
"I've enjoyed this book! Very cute, an upbeat author. Great book for beginning chicken owners, very informative on chicken care basics."
Really good info in a short book!
Good book.
"While I don't know about this being everything you need to know about chickens, it does provide an ample amount of information of the who/what in raising chickens. I do know my education was advanced in the art of cultivating a few birds for eggs and fried chicken and found this book to be a good value for cost and time spent reading it. So, if you're like me and want a crash course on this feathery subject in no time flat, then this might be the ticket."
Great book
"Good book for those thinking of getting chickens, simple overview to get started. Enjoyed picture book at the end, real life chicken adventures!"
"as advertised,."
Very basic but good starter info - can't beat the price!
I've just bought chickens in the last month and this was a good resource
"Wasn't expecting a long book from the price, but it was good for the length. I've had chickens for years, but they were more pets that laid eggs than anything else."
"My wife and I had been thinking of becoming more self-sufficient over the next couple of years,and had discussed chickens. Not knowing where to go/look for answers (not having any experince with keeping chickens),but not wanting to spend much in research for something we may or may not be looking into,we bought this book (Kindle edition),at $0.99 it was priced right,LOL!Given the low page count and price,I wasn't really expecting much,but was pleasantly surprised that it answered most (if not all) of the questions we had wondered the answers to,and was an enjoyable read in it's own right. I definately recommend this book,especially for under a buck!"
"This mini-book is OK if you just want a quick read & some basic info, but it lacks much detail or depth.  After finishing this one, I picked up ""Raising Chickens for Dummies"" and was much more satisfied.  It goes into much more detail & is more useful in answering all the questions you have left after reading this one."
The book was very accurate and informative.If you didn't know about chickens and how to care for them you would with reading this book!
"About 30 years ago I did raise chickens, and since I'm now considering buying a few pullet chicks mainly for egg production, I am brushing up on my chicken smarts. This is a great little kindle book with basics for keeping chickens for eggs and/or meat. The author is right - you don't ever want to name something you may need to eat later. That's not cruel, it's just common sense. I still remember how sad it was when we had a dairy cow break her back in the barn and we had to butcher her. We ended up with about 800 lbs of ground ""Pam"" to eat our way through! Not fun. Don't name critters you might have to eat."
"This was a great quick read! I have chickens, and I learned some very useful tips. I tried on of those tips just recently, and my chickens have been laying more!Thanks!-Cindy L."
"This very short and succinct booklet will give the reader a good chance to get their feet wet with the idea of raising chickens.  The book certainly makes it seem quite doable, and though very short (the size of a short magazine article) it does not waste time with anything that isn't relevant and useful.  A good way to spend a dollar for anyone who has ever thought they might enjoy this activity.Be aware that the low price is possible because the book advertises in several places.  That's not a problem, but it does explain the 1$ price tag.Use the book to think about the possibilities with the simplest information available, then buy a longer resource if you really want to take the plunge with chickens."
This is a great quick read to get you started with chickens.... If you are starting out with chickens get this book! It's worth more than 99c!!I love how it outlines stap by step how to start up and even the best breeds.
"I think this book is well worth the going price of $0.99.This book is not a comprehensive guide, but I would recommend this book to somebody unsure about getting chickens, or somebody that needs to win an argument about getting hens.This is a quick little book packed with lots of good realistic advice.  The advice is working on the assumption that the reader is interested in chickens to be self-sufficient and sustainable, not to raise life-long pets with the bonus of eggs for the first couple years."
"Nice quick read on having chickens in the backyard. Just what you need to get started, you will need to do more research but that's expected."
This book was very informative. I plan on raising a few chickens for eggs for my own use. The ideas and plans in this book will definately help me get started.
"This gets four stars because I don't know enough about the topic to say it's flawless. Having said that, it was the perfect information for a beginner like me. Bravo!"
"This guide is full of educated opinions and basic advice for the person who's never had chickens before. I disagree on a few points (Plymouth Rocks being worthless layers?? Mine lay one a day and it doesn't get better than that!), but basically, if you want to know how to buy and set up the chickens, this ebook will work."
This e-book is an easy read and really geared for someone with no idea of what a chicken is and how to take care of it. This book was not very detailed.
"Having had chickens I found this little book a great informational guide to how to keep your chickens alive and well through the winter and summer months .There is no better way than to get this book before you buy your chickens,you will get the chicken for your needs! Saving allot of time and money before the grand experiment is the best way to go,The working chicken is just that"" keeping the chickens working for you!""You will keep it around for it's  many references.."
Good general information if you're considering backyard chickens. Worth the time to read before starting your own flock of chickens.
"I love it next try to right one how to make a man work,  but it is truely a gem"
My girlfriend and I are Thinking about getting some chickens. this is a quick and easy read with good information
I'm so excited to get started! I'm even thinking of starting this year instead of wanting a year until we buy a place!
