"Magnificent book, as we all know. But who was the moron that decided they could improve upon the writing of de Maurier? Check out the first line of this kindle ""edition"": ""Last night I DREAMED I went to Manderley again. Sigh. Give me a break. As a reader, I just don't trust what is written after that. I'm reading along, trying to detect other alterations in the writing and it drives me crazy. Honestly, WHO did that?"
Well written classic
"A favorite book that i just revisited. Even better than I remembered ! So atmospheric, and it offers a look at a life-style (the wealthy, landed British) that is almost extinct. Absolutely wonderful !"
Beautifully written!
a classic
"Have known of this book for years and finally read it.  Very good!  The story keeps the reader going to find out what happens.Possible SPOILER here:  I think of the book in thirds, the first and last thirds being the best.  The first third of the book was great with Mrs. Van Hopper as a fabulous character--very entertaining.  At about one third of the book and beyond, I grew weary of the young woman's selfish mental ramblings and stream of consciousness thinking, worrying about how she could measure up to the perfect Rebecca and a new lifestyle with plenty of household help.  I guess under the circumstances she could be forgiven that, but I would have rather seen her step up, ditch the flannel skirt, lanky hair and painful lack of self-confidence.  I guess in the end she did, but only after she found out the fantastic Rebecca wasn't so fantastic.Great classic book."
I thought it was a romance novel and it was but much more
Enjoyed reading this book.
Great book
Enjoyed the book as much as the picture.
"Wonderfully written, one of my favorites"
"The book is just ok.  I bought it because of the good reviews, but I found it sort of predictable and not that interesting."
"Loved this book, read it as part of my book club and overall it was a very popular choice."
"I can't believe I avoided this novel for so many years!  Rebecca is a gothic mystery novel with a heavy psychological bent, particularly in the way du Maurier submerges the reader into the psychosis of the first-person narrator, the second Mrs. de Winter - the ultimate shattering of her self-loathing perception of her circumstances being the novel's greatest twist.  Many of the characters, including the narrator herself, could be considered ""unlikable,"" but their ambiguous characterizations are what make the ultimate mystery so intriguing.  Du Maurier's prose is heavy but poetic, so if you are someone who does not like extraneous details you may not like Rebecca.  I recommend this book for readers who like the Bronte sisters or Sherlock Holmes, or Alfred Hitchcock movies."
"Rebecca is my second all-time favorite novel.  It is dark and mysterious and one can easily relate to the narrator.  In 2013, I visited the Cornwall coast where the novel is set and read aloud, in a soft voice, portions of the first chapter describing  Manderley to my husband at breakfast.  Later, another couple crossed the room and expressed their delight at hearing my reading of Chapter One.  I have yet to meet anyone who does not rave about the book."
"Extremely well written!  The story was intriguing.  As I reached the end, I was drawn back to the beginning again to wrap my head around it all.  I hung on every word."
didn't like the story went on and on a sudden stupid ending
a classic...one that I first read 50 years ago and still love today!
I read this book when I was in high school but I did not enjoy it as much as I did this time. So much more interesting and mysterious! The author's use of language so beautiful and at times poetic. I never realized that the second Mrs. De Winter has no first name and is always referred to in a formal manner. Interesting question....why????
Brilliant
"Interesting to read the book after having seen the movie a number of times.  The movie is remarkably faithful to the book, although the ending is somewhat different and, as a result, Mrs. Danvers comes off a bit differently.The book, though, does have a bit more depth than the movie, in the primary characters.  After having seen the movie a number of times, I could not help but read the book in their voices."
An old favorite
"I remember reading a contemporary novel that had several references to Rebecca. I was surprised I'd never read it. As an adult I've truly enjoyed a number of classics, in particular Pride and Prejudice and Jane Eyre. So, I thought this was a must read. I got this through audible several years ago. It's become a book I want to listen to every couple of years. It has everything you would expect of a creepy romance. It starts slowly by today standards. But once the mystery is presented and you get to know the main characters and the evil servant the story takes off and you must listen to the whole thing. The reader is very good :)"
Excellent and beautifully written book from long ago
"I read this wonderful book many years ago and wondered if it would still be good.  It was. Once I started, I couldn't put it down. Good writing lasts!"
good
"Virago has reissued Daphne Du Maurier’s books in stunning new covers both for an adult and a YA audience and given that I had never read the highly acclaimed Rebecca, I decided to give it a go and see what all the fuss was about. I have to admit though that it had been a while since I had read a classic. I went through a classics phase when I was younger and devoured some of the most famous works in English literature but lately, I was more focused on all the many amazing books being published every month. So the first thing I noticed when I started reading Rebecca was how slow it was. I guess I'm used to books where a lot of things happen at once with twists and unexpected turns.The first half of Rebecca is very descriptive and slow-paced. Which is not bad, once you get used to it. But it took me a while to really care about the story and its characters. I felt like the narrator, an unnamed young girl who married an older rich man and ended up in the massive and magnificent Manderley, was too shy and had the irritating habit of overthinking everything. So when I expressed my doubts about the novel, everyone told me to persevere, that soon my thoughts about it would completely change. How true that was!Once some of the secrets started being revealed and the pieces of the puzzle started fitting, I saw the story and its characters in a brand new light. I felt like the first half of the story was like a slow tension builder, preparing you for the big finale. Without even realising, I found myself gripping the book, with my heart in my mouth wanting to know more about Manderley and especially Rebecca. I think the disturbing Ms Danviers will be one of those characters I won't be able to forget in a long time.I am glad that I persevered with this novel because once I finished it, I saw the beauty of it. Sometimes I even forgot it was written in the 30s as Daphne du Maurier managed to capture me and take me to Manderley so easily! I have been told that now I need to see the movie Hitchcock made based in this story as it is another masterpiece on its own. I can't wait to see it, and also check the other books written by Daphne du Maurier, I am really curious about Frenchman's Creek."
I enjoyed reading good literature.  The author's descriptions were excellent as one could easily picture each scene.
One of my favorite books which I reread every so often.  The story always pulls me in.
"First of all, understand that Rebecca is a classic written in 1938 about high society. This means, of course, that much of the novel entails good manners, sitting down to tea, gossiping with servants, and calling on neighbors you don’t particularly care for. In addition, this is a romance novel (albeit a gothic romance novel), so every scene is tinged with a ye olden and heart-pounding version of “OMG, I hope he thinks I look too hot in this dress.” Also, much of the extensive and often wordy imagery in the novel centers around the luscious flora and fauna that inhabit the main love interest’s estate. Also, the novel is set in England, so each character lovingly comes with an extra stick up the butt. HOWEVER, I will also tell you that if all classics were as engaging as this book, then perhaps high schoolers wouldn’t contemplate scooping their eyes out with a rusty spoon every time their English teacher hands out the next required reading novel.Let's think back, for a moment, too all of the “great” classics that I had to read in high school that I hated: The Scarlet Letter, Huck Finn, Pride and Prejudice, The Once and Future King, etc. None of these novels actually made me want to keep reading them to find out what happens. This is a major failing with such required-reading “classics” - if we teachers didn’t require the reading of them, students would not finish them because most of them aren’t actually enjoyable to read! Now, let's be honest, I’m not saying that every fourteen year old boy would love reading Rebecca, but it’s sure as sh*t better than reading Great Expectations!Why is this book so good, even for a classic, you ask? Well you see, I have read lots of books that come with the “gothic” tag, supposedly dark, broody and spooky, everything a modern reader should love, but Rebecca nails these qualities: passion and love, large shadowy mansions with many stinking rooms, evil servants, death, metaphorical ghosts (though this is about as literal as a metaphorical ghost can be), drunken relatives, storms, aloof and mysterious but devastatingly handsome men, and a Dark Sea who keeps her many secrets. The chapters crawl with atmosphere. There is no doubt that Alfred Hitchcock read this book with a kerchief in hand to wipe away the drool (hence the award-winning 1940 movie).Despite the rather pedestrian first fifty pages, the pace at which Daphne du Maurier builds the rest of her book with suspense and clues to drag the reader along is masterful, and even when you think you’ve finally got it figured out, you don’t. The twists and the horrors and the social embarrassments just keep coming, and with each new revelation the reader connects with the characters just a bit more until by the end you’re just screaming at the book, “Why won’t you just let love win, dammit! Fire the maid, bring the tea, open your eyes...Can’t you see she LOVES YOU!!?!?”Whew. I just can’t say enough good about this book. I admit it took me about five chapters to get into it, and even then, I ran to SparkNotes occasionally just make sure what I thought was going on was actually what was going on (and it was), and even though I kept SparkNotes up throughout my entire reading, I never actually needed it.If you’ve got the time, read this book. It’s one of the best that I’ve read this year.(Oh, man. So much love is in the air. Barf...it stinks of romance in this room...I gotta go read me a book about chainsaws and dragons or somethin'…)"
"It's a classic for a reason. Well-written, dramatic, Gothic. Dated in some respects, but that's part of the charm."
"I enjoyed this book.  It was perfect for October.  However, the plot took a while to get anywhere, and the lead male character was pretty whiny.  I found myself putting the book down after a few chapters because he would grate on my nerves. As soon as things really started to take off, I couldn't put the book down.  I'm glad that my patience (also read as stubbornness) won out."
"Good book club book, it should lead to an interesting discussion. I'd recommend it to friends that read a lot."
"I've saved this book on my to-read list for so long. It's one of the ""secret treat"" books I've stocked up like emergency supplies for desperate moments, when I need something new to me but 100% guaranteed lovely. After a lot of recent travel, stress, and child minding, I finally found a few hours of respite in a warm lamplit room, deliciously alone. Rebecca was indeed exactly what I needed.All this aside, the book isn't for everyone. If you're not already a fan, this checklist may help you decide whether or not to add Rebecca to your own secret treat shelf:1. Do you like gothic fiction?Although it was first published in 1938, Rebecca ages exquisitely and i's not hard for a modern reader to fall deeply in love with it. The style and turns of phrase are no barrier--it's the genre itself that will either draw you in or leave you cold. I loved Jane Eyre as a child, and this love abetted my love of Rebecca, which is famously derivative of Jane Eyre's general plot: woman falls in love with a man haunted in mysterious ways by his former wife. If the idea of women wandering windswept grounds of great houses, plagued by mysterious barriers to love, sometimes in the form of the ghost (literal or figurative) of another woman sounds cozy to you, if you loved Catherine and Heathcliff or Darcy and Elizabeth, and you fancy dark psychological acrobatics, give Rebecca a shot.2. Does a warm bath, a hot drink, and a new sweater sound good to you right now?Rebecca is a fall read, hands down. It's rainy, it's morose, it's the dominating presence of a grand old mansion in a remote location.3. Have you seen the movie Rebecca (1940), did you like it, do you like old movies at all?The movie does not follow the plot exactly, but having loved the movie for a long time and now having read the book, the tone of the movie feels authentic and true to the novel. Once every few years, I go on an autumn binge and watch The Uninvited (1944), Vertigo (1958), Rebecca, and to end on a lighter note, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir (1947).4. Are you a feminist?Old fashioned gender roles in Rebecca's setting will definitely irk some readers. As a feminist, I was less annoyed than interested. The mirroring of the protagonist (shy, inexperienced, subservient) and the dead Rebecca (domineering, brave, selfish, accomplished) added a great sociological layer to the experience of reading. Sally Beauman's excellent Afterword offers a wonderful explanation of the gendered forces at work in Rebecca, and also addresses several misinterpretations of the novel at the time of its publication.If you've answered yes to any of the questions above, I absolutely recommend that you read the first 30 pages at least. Get past the description of Manderly in the dream, and begin to read about when the protagonist first meets widower Maxim de Winter, and if you're liking it by then, you'll love the rest."
"As always, a page turner.  Anyone who has not read this classic should read it -- again and again!"
I know it's a classic and the second time I've read it...but it's still weird!  I found it hard to follow and understand the romantic relationships.
I read this for the first time when I was a teenager 40+ years ago.  I have read it many times since and I always enjoy the book.
"Wonderful mystery,love story. Beautifully written!"
"Gripping!!! Daphne du Maurier's Rebecca was on the beach thriller list & frankly it was fabulous!  One of those rare stay up too late reading tales.  The story of the 2nd Mrs de Winter's early months of marriage grip with dread & never let go.  Not scary, but just a creepy feeling through the whole novel due to her brilliant writing.  The other benefit to reading this book is an even greater appreciation of the 1940 Alfred Hitchcock film.  Through the entire reading I could really picture Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, Judith Anderson & George Sanders inhabiting the characters.  I hope to watch it again soon with an even greater appreciation of the story that is...Rebecca."
"A great book.  Whoever buys it needs to get the movie, ""Rebecca"" also as it will make the book become more alive."
I love classics and this is one of the best.
Great classic!
"Loved, loved, loved this book!"
A timeless classic. A must read for every bookworm out there.
Breathtaking as always.
At first it went kind of slow so it was kind of boring and then it got really good!!!! I was surprised about the outcome.
"Though this is an old classic, it is still a great read. I thought it was well written. It had a surprise ending. The characters were defined. It was pertinent to present day dysfunction. I wish I could find the 1940 movie that was rated the Academy Award for that year!"
"Novel of the Century???? Not in my estimation.This book is overrated.  The plot and setting were interesting, but the characters where not likable, nor properly developed.  Except maybe Rebecca herself, who it the only one in the story with any personality whosoever.  The narrator, our nameless heroine, was so insipid and spineless as to be downright annoying.  I'm glad I read it, and I was glad when it finished.  It did not live up to its billing.  The Thirteenth Tale by Diane Setterfield is far superior."
This original version was a delight to reread!
Great book
"This book is a little slow getting started as it sets the scene with a detailed description of the site, but it soon draws you. It is a great story with some unexpected turns. I'll be looking for more books by this author."
"I have read other books by duMaurier, but somehow missed this one. Beautifully and eloquently written! A wonderful read!"
Dark and intriguing.
"To some degree, I considered the writing and use of imagery quite brilliant.  The fullness of the main character developed through perhaps neurotic meanderings is often incredibly captivating.  However, as the intent must be to tell a story, there were several moments when I found so much imagery too much, excess verbiage.  As it is a slow story, at times I was waiting for plot development, a twist or something to justify reading.  While I have read that somehow this book is a ""classic"", I have to say I found it overall unsatisfying."
Wonderful look into the past.
"I enjoyed the book; I'd read it first during my teenage years - and was surprised how little I could recall of the characters and plot.So rereading it was fine because it did move along; writing was first class; and it held my attention right through.  Tomorrow, ourbook club meets to discuss it."
Loved it! I enjoyed the setting and the old glamor. It was a good mystery that still holds up after all these years.
I have read this novel years ago and wanted to read it again.  I was taken back to Manderley once again.  It is simply one of the best books I have ever read.
Beautifully written and riveting to the end.
"An all-time favority book. I first read it as a teen and now, 50 years later, still love it and find new information every time I re-read it."
"When someone recommended this for book club, I knew the author and had memorized the title in high school as a classic.  For her time, Ms. Du Maurier produced a gothic romance and innovative style.  The narrator leads us through the story but is never named even though she is the major character of the book.  She is the second wife of the rich aristocrat whose first wife's name is the title of the book.  The narrator lives a life of imagination and as we follow her self-deprecating thoughts, she constantly compares herself to the dead wife Rebecca.  The naive 21 year old girl with a post card bought earlier of her husband's estate, finally comes to the realization that her fears and suppositions are largely false.  Each of the characters has major flaws.  Like the modern Gone Girl, it's tough to have sympathy or enjoy the characters, though the plot line is somewhat intriguing and keeps one reading just to see where this angle or that one is going.  After I completed the book and the discussion, I came to appreciate it more and thankfully it was a quick read.  A second reading would probably clear up some of the confusions I had while reading it."
Always enjoy a good novel and this it is! I liked the narrative story and the different types and  aspects of the story
Classic suspense novel with interesting character studies
Reading it after forward after you finish this book rewadyadds to the appreciation of the story and plot.
love this book.
Very much enjoyed this twisting tale. The characters and plot so very well assembled
"As the Alfred Hitchcock movie is one of my favorites, I thought I would read the original work.  I was greatly surprised to find the book every bit as good as the movie.  You won't be disappointed."
"I first read Rebecca when I was a sophomore in high school at my mom's suggestion.  That was about 1958.  I have been a passionate reader since junior high.  In all my life as a reader, this has remained my favorite novel.  Close to it as favorites are Too Kill A Mockingbird, Gone With The Wind, The Thorn Birds, and Pride And Prejudice.Daphne du Maurier is my favorite author.  I have read every book of hers that I can find - a difficult task since many are out of print and must be found in used books stores. Once in Seattle, I found four of her books - two were hard bound. I have 14 of the 19 I am seeking.  My other favorites are My Cousin Rachel, Frenchman's Creek, The King's General, Hungry Hill, and Jamaica Inn.  Many of her books were made into movies.  Rebecca won the Academy Award for best picture in 1949.  The Birds was based on one of her short stories.  My Cousin Rachel was Richard Burton's first movie, which he earned $50,000.du Maurier's books are dark and full of mystery.  Many characters are greedy, vengeful, lustful, jealous and destructive in their relationships - Mrs. Danvers the prime example.  I won't bother explaining the plot as you can find detailed descriptions all over the internet. I have read it four times and I highly recommend this book. Visit Daphne's official website: www.unmarried.org for information."
Worth the read!
"“Last night I dreamed I went to Manderley again…” Rebecca is the greatest and most haunting Gothic novel, the one to which all others have since been compared. Set in the English countryside in the 1920’s, in a mansion by the sea, Maxim de Winter lives with his much younger new bride, whose name we never learn. This shy girl narrates the story of her new life at Manderley, with its lavish gardens, long stretches of woods, and a beach cottage, not far from where the first Mrs. de Winter is said to have drowned. Life at Manderley can be staggering for the former Lady’s companion, especially with an ominous housekeeper named Mrs. Danvers and her obsession with the late Rebecca, whose things she leaves set out on the bed in the dead woman’s bedroom, as if still awaiting her arrival home. This novel is filled with suspenseful drama, lush landscapes, and sympathies you never knew you could have for a character. In England, there is a manor house in which you will dream of living, and a tall, black-haired woman who still walks its halls, smiling and shaking her thick raven locks in a last, crazed laugh. For similar book recommendations, a themed recipe, and discussion questions, visit: http://hub.me/ajNZi (less)"
Able to skip pages and continue to be caught up with the happenings. It was very predictable !
"What could be bad about her books, even all of these years later!"
"I have read this book several times over the years and each time, I am left mesmerized!  A well-written novel!"
"A good story.  Classic tale, well told"
Too macabre. Too dark. Too strange.
"This is not my genre (I generally prefer adventure fiction, i.e. Jack Vance, Stephenson, Gibson, Orson Scott Card, etc).  I had to read this for a gothic literature class.  Wow, it impressed!  Rebecca has catapulted into my short list of best books I've ever read.  The suspense and the twists and turns of plot in this book are insane.  The insight into human nature is incredible.  The exploration of the intricacies and labyrinths of human emotion, self-doubt, and fear, are stunning.  Read it!"
Interesting reading
"A well-written, very intriguing read!"
A story worth reading more than once.  Du Maurier's writing style is so detailed and descriptive it's easy to understand why there were so many film versions of her 1938 book.
"good read, but very slow at first and hard to figure out till the end."
I have bought this as a book several times (I've let people borrow it & it hasn't been returned) so I bought it for my kindle.The book is very well written with lots of twists & turns.This is definitely Du Maurier's best book though Jamaica Inn is a close 2nd. Read Rebecca even if you do not read any thing else by D.du M.I would recommend this book as it is one of my all time favourites.This is one book that the film does do it justice.
Daphne du Maurier turned the romance genre on its head and destroyed it. And the genre never even noticed.I can only imagine Rebecca laughing gleefully at that.
"I enjoyed this book and its twists and turns.  There's a lot of description with no dialogue, but it is interesting.I am now reading the sequel, ""Mrs. deWinter"" by Susan Hill.  She writes very much like Daphne Du Maurier and takes the story from the end of ""Rebecca"" to continue with their lives.  Both books are very good."
this copy of Rebecca had a little more answers to questions I have always had about the characters.
"Even though this book has been around forever the story is still fabulous.  Years ago when I was in school a teacher gave me a list of classic novels I should read. But because I was young, I ignored the list. In adulthood, however, I have made an effort to read the books from this list. I have never been disappointed. If you are looking for a classic gothic novel I would definitely recommend it. I love the fact that the new Mrs. De Winter has no name. Manderly is the main character. Even Rebecca fades in comparison."
I reread this classic because I wanted to have it fresh in my mind before reading Rachel Pastan's Alena.  Both are gripping commentaries on their respective time periods.  Glad I did!
Excellent read.
This is a classic that I will always keep coming back to.  Love it!!!
Saw the movie...had to read the book.  It's a good read.  Has just the right amount of challenge without being so easy you can read it in a day or two.
I was a bit disappointed but plan to move onto MY COUSIN RACHEL hoping for better results.
"Rebecca de Winter.Manderley.Mrs. Danvers.These names will live in literary infamy.So easily was I sucked into the deep and mesmerizing world of Rebecca's, the one she left behind before her death. The one that continues revolving without her -- yet always with her.The story, in fact, is not about Rebecca at all -- yet it is consumed with the enigma of her. The story, in fact, is about a lady's maid residing in Monto Carlo, who is swept off her feet by one Maxim de Winter, swiftly becoming his second wife. And at that point, the new (and now rich) Mrs. de Winter's problems ensue. As she begins to settle into her husband's beautiful English estate, the one called Manderley, she soon realizes that she does not truly retain her husband's attention, manage the household staff, or even receive due favor from the house pets. They all still cling to Rebecca and her remarkable ways.All along, the absence of Rebecca haunts the new Mrs. de Winter. Clues to the previous Mrs. de Winter's life exist all around Manderley -- such as in Maxim's thoughts and in the devious housekeeper's actions. It seems that the young bride cannot escape the mortality of the woman who preceded her place. Rebecca casts shadows upon each of the new Mrs. Maxim de Winter's steps.My thoughts? In short, 'Rebecca' is fascinating. It kept me held in place, waiting with baited breath to see how this story could possibly turn out -- especially in a satisfactory way. Does it end well? How can it?I think one day I shall have to re-read this vintage classic. Not just to relish again in the labyrinth of plot manipulation, but... to see in a decade or so how I feel about the story in general and the characters. Will it still feel cold, yet classy? Seeing the coming twists, will I internally mourn when the final cause of death is revealed? Mrs. Danvers, I wonder, will she still seem so sinister after I have had more life experience? And the new Mrs. de Winter -- will I still see so much of me in her that it brings me pain to see her suffer so?The title of 'Rebecca' is the epitome of fine elegance and fatal intrigue. Considered a gothic novel due to the morbid turn of events, it was published in 1938 and won the National Book Award for favorite novel of that same year.I listened to this title as an audiobook -- Anna Massey's (Hachette Audio) verbal nuances and character tones are spot on. If you like audiobooks, this is a great one to listen to. (But if you prefer reading in book form, please go right ahead.)It's an amazing read -- one to send you reeling for many a day."
"I was so looking forward to the Kindle version of this wonderful novel.  Words can't describe my disappointment when I saw that the very first line was changed.  The classic first line of the novel: ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderly again."" reads In the Kindle format: ""Last night I dreamed I went to Manderly again.""  I thought it was a mistake and downloaded a sample only to find ""dreamed"" there too.  Because of this I have no intention of buying the Kindle version.  What other stupid changes were made to the book?"
"Rebecca is a page turner. On the surface, it is just a suspenseful romance novel; however, at closer inspection...it is a literary masterpiece, echoing Jane Eyre and other classics.  I highly recommend!"
"thouroughly enjoyable read. well written. recognizable as the movie,"
Second time read.  Love this story!
I read this book a long time ago and enjoyed re-reading it. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
A go to book. Down time ? Read it again.
"""Rebecca"" is a wonderful book, written in 1938.  The pace and suspense really picked up about 2/3 through the book.  ""Rebecca"" is a classic novel."
Great read thus far...I'll update you all when I finish.
"We read this book in our book club. I had always heard of this one, but hadn't gotten around to actually reading one of DuMarier's books. I have to say I loved the story and the writing style!"
"Rebecca is a masterful classic of suspense and romance, a true classic of the genre. The characters - Rebecca, magnetic and mercurial Maxim, evil Mrs. Danvers, obnoxious Mrs.Van Hopper, and the unnamed second Mrs. de Winter - are all unforgettable. Another star of this drama is Manderley, the mysterious and imposing home of the de Winters. Du Maurier was a genius at creating atmosphere and a sense of place. You will be drawn into the world of Manderley and its inhabitants. Don't pass this one up - you will never forget it!"
Story still works today.  I would've given it 5 stars but the tone was just a little to depressing.
Yes it was a good read
bad
A classic. Never tire of reading Rebecca.
"The book was very well written, and definitely a classic. It was entertaining and really gave a good description into a young women's life. The plot is very good, and it has a few big twists! When the book came in it was in great condition and is a nice size to fit in your hand but still be able to read the font. Very happy overall!"
Slow start but steadily increased suspense until I could not put it down! Great read!
"A book I read in my youth and one I remember enjoying quite a lot. Revisiting Rebecca in later years, my taste in literature has obviously changed,A light weight romance with a mystery thrown in for good measure, it is fairly bland and I was glad to move on.The protagonist is annoyingly pathetic and wishy washy. The hero is predictably older, wiser and delectable. Rebecca.....well she is such a very, very nasty piece of works indeed. As for the ""sinister"" housekeeper, she is just completely vile!So we have characters who aren't quite ""real"" played out in a plot that is over the top and for me not quite believable.Still..it has been a great seller for Daphne Du Maurier since it's publication in 1938 and given the era in which it was written I can easily understand it's popularity ...........after all I was one of her fans in the sixties.Three stars for me for Du Maurier's skills as a writer and her rather over active imagination."
"This book, with its many twists and turns, keeps you guessing till the end. Could not put it down!  A timeless classic!"
Loved this book...how poetically written!!I was so connected to the life and characters and didn't want it to end😊
An atmospheric and haunting tale and a good read.
Thank you!
"Best literature I have ever read! I know Rebecca has always been a classic, and that everyone I know loved it, but I didn't expect it to be THIS AWESOME. Rebecca is my favorite character because she was the most intelligent, witty, and charming character in this novel. The heroine, on the other hand, is my least favorite because she is fairly nosy about what is going on, she doesn't have half the confidence Rebecca has and is easily controlled by. Rebecca is the greatest novel I have ever read, if I were to have a daughter I would name her Rebecca because of the intelligence, success, and beauty Rebecca possesses. Strongly Recommend this novel to anyone who hasn't read it and also people who have. Suitable for all audiences."
Rebecca is a well written psychological mystery which holds interest throughout.  The characters give much for discussion.
A Joy to read. Beautifully written. Held my interest right through.
Haven't read this since it was required in college.  Had forgotten how dry and stilted the classics can be.  But the fact that the story is set in a real English town and the house still exists and is now a tourist attraction is fascinating.
I have read this book several times and I am always thrilled at the ending.  A super read !
"I read Rebecca when I was in my early twenties, newly married, and I thought it was one of the best books I had ever read.  Through the past 40 years, it has remained so in my memory.  However, I read it again recently, and I was a little disappointed.  I realized it was a prototype novel, a real trendsetter in its day, but now the language feels forced, the characters too stereotypical, and the plot a little slow.  I wish I had not reread it and kept my original assessment of it."
I started reading it because it was referred to in Stephen King ' s book Bag of Bones. I really got into the story on its own and it surprised me not once but twice.  It was a great read and definitely something I'll read again.
Yloved this classic
One of the good reads for anyone.  Still stands the test of time.
Truly a classic.  Not at all predictable.
"This truly is a classic!!! I will say it is a great mystery, without giving too much away!! I love the book and the movie was very true to the book!!"
I thought it very wordy and melodramatic. The entire book was extremely predictable and totally not feasible.  I read it for a book club I am in or I would never have finished it.  The author is obviously impressed with her self and writes in circles.  Awful!
It was a little slow for me to get into the book but got better as it went along.
"An excellent reread!  A fascinating story, exquisitively written.  Just as haunting and mysterious experience as I had on my first reading in 1940s.Mrs Danvers is still the most evil,conniving house mistress of modern fiction.  Also, a brilliant movie!!"
"Du Maurier is able to create a steady stream of suspense without actually having a whole lot go on and without ever giving too much information to the reader.  Easy read that moves fairly quickly, the main character is pretty annoying for a huge chunk of the book, but well written all in all."
"I enjoyed the book (not the first time I have read it).  Have also seen the movie many years ago.  This time around it seemed to me that the book ended VERY abruptly.  In other words, it didn't end--it just stopped."
Loved it!!!
One of my favorite books.
"Eh. It was just ok to me. I think I'll probably read it again soon without high expectations to see how I feel. Without giving anything away, I was not impressed by our heroine. Her actions ""before and after"" struck me as majorly weak and timid. I consider myself to be a very shy, meek person and even I have more fire and life than she showed."
"This is such a great book!  I've actually read it 3 times in my life, and I'm not one to reread a book."
"Rebecca has been my favorite book for some 50 years now. I have lost track of how many times I have read it; at least once a year, and I enjoy devouring it every time. Listening to it on CD, however, read by Emma Fielding, is a whole new experience. Du Maurier's words, read by Fielding, can only be described as delicious! Every morsel leaves you somehow completely satisfied and yet hungering for more. Combining perfect ingredients, Du Maurier allows Rebecca to reach out from her crypt to influence the entire novel. Plain, painfully shy, and awkward, the second Mrs. de Winter arrives at Manderly mansion.  Adoring her new husband, and well aware of her own shortcomings, she assumes his dead wife must have been his equal and is haunted by the elegant, accomplished, and beautiful, Rebecca. The sweet and sour of the story tantalizes the readers pallet and brings surprises to the table. You will find yourself desiring dishes you have habitually rejected as you cheer for the guilty and trade your sense of morality for the happy ending you desire. If you enjoyed dining on Rebecca, order up dessert and listen to it read by Emma Fielding!"
"What can one say about this classic except that it is a really great book.  A very, very similar theme and story to Jane Eyre"
"If you are reading this book for school, you might want to consider also seeing the 1940 movie staring Laurence Oliver and Joan Fontaine.  This wonderful movie, directed by Alfred Hitchcock, brings the book to life and provides awesome visuals to go along with the story."
"My mums favorite book, after her death I wanted to read it, I don't get it."
"I've always loved this story and think it is incredibly well-written!!!  However, I just wish I'd been able to find a hardback version of this book.  I think the Easton Press should do a delux version of it, complete with illustrations.  Maybe I'll suggest it to them."
"A three star book! No more, no less!!"
Classic Love mixed with suspense novel.
"Always fun to read a book about a specific era;however, this book is just plain tedious.  Inferiority complex is the heroine. Mystery is the subject. Lots more fun to read a John Grisham novel."
A true classic!
Timeless story
One of my favorite books ever!!
I read this book the first time some fifty years ago.  I was thrilled with it then and was again today.  Du Maurier has a wonderful ability to pull you into her story with her writing and make you forget that the man she loves is a murderer and she an accomplice.  Fascinating.
"This is one of the most enchanting books I have ever read. I would rate it as equal with Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights in that they all have excellent character development, language full of imagery, and they all contain a story that produces the same eerie, haunting feeling that is as foreboding as it is captivating. Any woman who enjoys classic gothic novels or British literature would enjoy this book. A man would enjoy this book as well, but I think this book has a story line that is more relatable for women (especially a feminist woman like myself)."
One of better novels of twentieth century... No wonder Hitchcock chose it for a movie screenplay.
Loved it for the second time!
Classic- love this book!
"Everyone should read ""Rebecca"" !"
One of my two favorite books of all time (the other being Gone With the Wind).
"A classic!  This has long been one of my favorite books, with that deliciously gothic feel to it.  The unnamed main character (a wonderful bit of suspense in itself) is swept off her naive feet by handsome and wealthy Maxim de Winter.  When they return from their blissful honeymoon to the mansion Manderly, our heroine has no idea that she will live in the shadow of her husband's late wife.While Rebecca (the dead wife) is never really on stage, readers learn about her through memories of other characters, and soon find that she is larger than life, even in death.Oh, the brilliance of du Maurier!  This is a classic that should be read by every reader young and old!  I've read this so many times, and it never gets dull."
A++++........SELLER
"I first read this in high school back in the early '80s. I liked it then, but even more now. With the experience of age, the book is more than a romance novel, and is therefore much more enjoyable, even though it is much more sad, to me."
Very good quality hard back book exactly as pictured.
"I ordered a hardcover version of Rebecca, expecting an actual, full-size book. Instead, I got this 4"" by 6"" monstrosity that was worthless. I ordered the book again through my local independent bookstore,which I should have done in the first place."
One of my favorite books.
Lovely edition of this classic. Could not put it down.
Good oldie..recommended by book group
"Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.I decided to re-read Rebecca a couple of months ago, I started the books…and then other books managed to get in the way. But I decided to finish the book a couple of days ago.I have also must I point out I have seen the movie version, I have also seen three miniseries (Two British and one Italien). So the story wasn't lost in the mist in the brain. But still I enjoyed reading it.Out nameless narrator (she is never named in the book everyone just calls her Mrs de Winter) meets Maxime de Winter in Monte Carlo, his has tragically lost his wife just a year before. They spend time in each other’s company and he proposes when the time comes for her to leave Monte Carlo with the women she works as a companion. Happily she accepts and after they are married they go on a honeymoon and finally come homes to his estate Manderley. She has a hard time there since she always feels like she is pales in comparison to the beautiful Rebecca, Maxims first wife. What happens next? Well it’s up to you to find out…Rebecca is a well written book. I just have a lot of problem with the main characters, she is too naïve and shy for my liking and many times I just want her to stop being so insecure. But its part of her charm I suppose that made Maxim fall in love with her. She is quite the opposite to Rebecca. Unfortunately she doesn’t know that until Maxim tells her the truth about his first marriage.The story is good and it’s easy to see that Daphne du Maurier was quite inspired with Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë when she wrote the book. But even though I enjoyed reading the book again I just didn’t feel myself pulled into the story. It was fun to re-read it but reading this book felt sometimes forced like I will read 50 pages now and then do something else. As I mentioned before the main character just annoyed me so much. That took away some of the joy of reading the book. On the plus side, I loved it towards the end when she finally stood up for herself and didn’t let Mrs Danvers bully her no more."
"The story is a bot too slow at times, especially in the beginning. I had to skip reading a lot of the descriptions but overall good story."
"The writer certainly hits on lots of ideas of norm for the times.  I found myself relating to the second De Winter, who was grasping for adaption to the household filled with the memories of the past .  i found her dreams and descriptions of her surroundings clear concise and intriguing. Almost as if I were walking with her visualizing and hearing her descriptions.  I feel we often walk in the memories of the past, as she imagined, instead of the present. We experience the same today, all of us reflecting on our past as we grasp the days presented.  Sometimes happy memories of the past schew the present causing us to mourn for what was.  Obviously the first Mrs De Winter was a truly unhappy person who filled her time with glittter, always seeking and in doing so, chose moral debauchery instead of a love commitment, who knows what her childhood was like.  I really enjoyed this book!"
"Best, scary book from my past!  I loved reading it again...."
"Anything by Daphne du Maurier is a good read for me.  Rebecca is one of my favorites and is a classic of literature.  When Mr. de Winter marries for the second time, he brings his young bride home to Manderley. Mrs. de Winter is immediately assaulted with  stories of the first, perfect Mrs. de Winter by the de Winter's housekeeper.  As Mrs. de Winter begins to question her marriage, her husband's love for her and ultimately her own sanity, a pattern emerges.  Mrs. de Winter must find a way out, but how?  This is a haunting and suspenseful novel.  Du Maurier is a great story teller.  Don't miss this classic of suspense."
read long ago  still wonderful
"I went into this book knowing nothing about it other than it was supposedly good. And it definitely is. The story moves a little slow, in my opinion, but I managed to read the book in about 3 days.The characters were all believable although I found the main character to be extremely annoying in some parts because she is such a pushover. I wouldn't consider that a bad thing, however, because who wants to read a book where all the characters are just like you. The story was captivating and even though the story moved slowly, I kept wanting to read more and more to find out what on Earth was going on! The suspense was killing me! I'm usually great at guessing story plots but this one really took me for a spin. I didn't see it coming. It really was a great story and I have no idea why I waited years to actually read it.While reading this book, I didn't know when it was published. By a 1/4 of the way through, it was obvious this was a classic. It reads like a classic and the language used reminds me a lot of some of the Charles Dickens I've read. I would definitely recommend this book to people who like thrillers/suspense, classic lit, mystery, or historical fiction."
"One of my favorite novels ever. Although du Maurier is not considered by literary experts as a great writer, this dark novel is a fun read. Its dark plot, sad characters, and plot twists are still a guilty pleasure!"
Loved this classic  the characters  and venues were so well defined I could visualize the people and the placesAnd unlike other books I was cheering forMaxim. And never realized Mrs D first name was mentioned.
"Interesting literary devices, the title character is dead but very much a part of the story, the first name of the narrator is never given, the relationship between the main characters is never fully developed, then the book just ends."
"If you are reading this book for the first time you are about to make an old friend. Over the years, I reread ""Rebecca"", it never fails to absorb me into the plot, the people, the atmosphere. Take a dash of Jane Eyre, a pinch of Agatha Christie, stir in a some love, evil, elegance, & voila, a great book."
Classic
"I enjoyed reading this classic writing of1938 by Daphne du Maurier. It was the first book by this author that I have read. Even though it is written in 1938, it is likened to a contemporary book 'Gone Girl'. I haven't yet read Gone Girl so was interested to read this book to compare with modern genre of books. It is a classic in that it is relevant and interesting today. It encompasses mystery and tragedy without the reader knowing the end. Perhaps, I have found a 'new' author to read."
"I was looking for a very specific edition of this book and was excited when I finally found it.  However upon arrival, the book I received was not the same edition that was in listing for the item.  Because it was a relatively inexpensive purchase, it didn't seem worth it to return it.  Needless to say, I was very disappointed."
This book is phenomenal!!!! Classic Gothic beauty!
Great read.
Loved it; I read it 40 years ago and loved it as much again this time.
"Relatable, thrilling, dark, and surprising. Couldn't ask for a better collection of adjectives in relation to a Gothic style novel."
Another favorite
"There's no doubt this is a masterful work of Gothic fiction. Daphne du Maurier creates a spellbinding level of suspense that keeps the reader engaged though tons of overly-descriptive prose, but nontheless prose suited to the genre. The head housekeeper Mrs. Danvers makes for a delightful antagonist to the young (and new) Mrs. de Winters. Surely, it's a genius move to never call the protagonist by her name, and yet the dearly departed Rebecca's name haunts every line of the novel. The audiobook narration was spot-on, though the style of writing probably better suited to reading due to all the intricate details. I'm glad I finally read this book, but found the portrayal of Ben the dummy a bit off-putting (but that's just my 21st century sensibilities speaking). Also, even though Rebecca is revealed to be such an awful person, it's a bit of a stretch that the new Mrs. de Winters doesn't seem overly horrified that her husband could go to such measures to rid himself of his awful wife."
"Really good book.  First half a bit slow in spots, but overall really interesting."
"I agree with Sally Beauman that this book is probably misunderstood by a lot of readers. It is really not much of a love story, but rather a dark, sinister read. Max de Winter is manipulative and not a good person, but somehow gets you to feel compassion for him.  This book is more along the lines of Oklahoma and Gone with the Wind.  If you're looking for a love story, this isn't it.  But a very well written book and it certainly keeps you wanting more."
Another oldie but goodie. Enjoyed reading this again.
A classic and will remain an enchantingly well written tale in perpetuity.
All 12 of our book club really enjoyed Rebecca.  We had all read it in our teens so it was very interesting to read it again from an adult perspective. Beautiful prose.
boring
Wow - such a tragedy. This woman's life ended up like it began - still under someone else thumb - sad
This was a second read of this book.  Enjoyed it just as much this time.  Interesting to read the analysis at the end of this edition.  Putting into context the author's life and time that the story was written adds another layer of perspective.
I received the book on time... Good source
Lovely read. Lots to discuss at book club
I loved it. It can be read myriad ways - the afterward in the Kindle edition was thought provoking. My only problem - the wrap up hinges on one believing that it is possible to shoot a person in the heart without the bullet touching any bones in the chest. Hmmm....Oh well.
"Book #114 Read in 2014Rebecca by Daphne Du MaurierThis classic novel has been on my shelf for years.  In the mood for a meaty read, I decided it was time to read it and I enjoyed the gothic novel.  Rebecca was the first wife of Maxim de Winter and she died.  Max seems to be moving on when he meets a young lady and marries her shortly after.  He brings her home to Manderley and she realizes that not everyone is happy about there being a new Mrs. de Winter.  As layers are pulled back, revelations that are not necessarily cheerful occur.  This book reminded me of another favorite of mine, Wuthering Heights.  I found both books to have lush writing."
"I loved the book in high school, loved it in college, and still loved it today 40 years later. A must read"
Such a good book!!!
"Something about Rebecca made people think she was the most perfect and beautiful creature to ever walk on the face of the earth. Even after her death people spoke of her in whispers. Rebecca would never grow old, grey or get wrinkly. She would forever be this immortal divine person with many talents of sorts. Maxim, the widow soon remarries a young quiet, shy but funny woman. The new Mrs. de Winters is always compared to Rebecca, this woman she could never live up to. Soon the mystery of Rebecca is slowly unraveled when discoveries are made. The description of the novel is done well, the characters also are very lifelike even the more minor ones. Maurier really understood her story and made it believable to the reader. I would highly reccomend this book epsecially if you enjoyed Gone Girl, towards the end I found it to share some striking similarities to the newer mystery novel. Great Read!"
print seems very small
great book
"A story of love, of loss, of understanding what life and love is about. Also, beautifully written, with lovely descriptions and language. A wealthy nobleman falls in love with a girls of no means, but with pure heart. He himself is broken, but tries to rekindle his life. He marries the young girl and brings her to his home, but home is also a place where his dead wife ruled and her shadow and the past impacts both of them, but in the end they find each other and it is a positive ending."
"I love all of Daphne du Maurier's books but this is my favorite.  It's romantic and suspensful. Rebecca's relationships, motives and choices cause the reader to be drawn into how she affects the lives of the story's other characters."
"Mrs Maxim de Winter is brought to Manderley by her husband.  But everywhere she looks she sees signs of his dead first wife, Rebecca.Manderley is the star of this book.  It's the perfect classic gothic house where shadows and spirits seem to lurk behind every door.  You can just feel the mystery and the chill that pervade the grounds of Manderley.  I can't imagine a better setting for a classic gothic tale.  The entire time, you as a reader are constantly given just enough hints to have the tension build-and-build as you turn the pages.  So by the time the shoe drops and the truth of Rebecca comes out, you are totally in the moment and immersed in the story.I absolutely loved this book.  It's a classic for a reason and I would recommend to anyone who wants a good scare."
One of the great classics I have read.
Liked it - didn't love it.
I was disappointed to open the shipment and find a sticky label right on the front of a brand-new book. I finally got it off but the upper corner where the label was looks quite messy now. Quite a disappointment in that I was giving it as a gift to someone!
I first read this book in high school and fell in love...20 years later I still feel the same way.
The book was awesome...kept me on the edge of my seat!
"An eternal classic, especially for young women."
"Fabulous read!!  Character development is great, fantastic storytelling.  I was a tad frustrated at the beginning with the early development of the story and wasn't sucked into it immediately, but that soon changed and it was a major ""can't put it down"" read for me."
"This is the third or fourth time I have read this book, and each time I enjoy it more than the time before. It is an enduring story of love and evil, fear and joy, suspicion and trust, all wound tightly with a gripping, suspenseful plot and three-dimensional characters that resonate. It is a true classic! Don't just watch Alfred Hitchcock's film and think that counts as reading the book. Hitchcock changed a very important plot point because he was so concerned the audience would be outraged and appalled. Read the book to find out what is so different and makes a HUGE impact on the meaning of the book. (Revealing it here would be a spoiler, so I won't do it!)"
Beautifully written what appears to be a romantic novel but actually so much more. Lots of twists and turns. A classic. Make sure you read biography and critique at the end of the final chapter to fully appreciate novel.
"Although i couldn't really love the main characters, the story was intriguing."
Beautifully written
This is one of my favorite books.  I first read it while in high school several years ago.  Recommended this book to my book club so I bought an extra copy.  It is a timeless story.
I was familiar with the wonderful old movie and decided to read the book. I thoroughly enjoyed the book and there are a few differences from the movie so some suspense remained.
"Possesses all of the traits of the typical gothic style that I love. The narrator, though unnamed, draws in readers and creates such sympathy that her distorted view of her circumstances alters the reader's perception and opinion of events. The personification of the house and its surroundings creates suspense and intrigue that carry the plot and add to the conflict. For me, the state of the narrator at the end of the novel left me disappointed and feeling that her new-found strength and potential was not fulfilled. My imagination will have to serve for a more fulfilling and acceptable conclusion. Regardless, it is a very quick, enjoyable read."
"I read the story many years ago, but misplaced my book. I quite enjoyed reading it again. I often wondered why Daphne Du Maurier never gave the second Mrs. de Winter a first name. This classic story will live on for many more years to come."
"This is a wonderful classic.  Who wouldn't love it, even when you know the ending!"
A true classic.  Wonderful story line and writing style.  One of the best writers of the 20th century.
It's been a long time since I read this book but it was a very good book when I read it.
I had missed reading this classic.  Good but not great
"I re-read this book to see if I still liked it from when I read it in high school...yes, I did."
I love the novel
I have been reading this book every 7 or 8 years since the 1970s...my parents had a copy of it....then they told me about the MOVIE!!!GREAT GREAT book!
"Not bad, I enjoyed the story although some of it was not believable.  The ending was also a bit of a let down."
Was enjoyable rereading a book that I had read so many years ago.  Loved it then and still do.
Couldn't put it down.  Better than the movie.
"This book moves slowly at first so it took a bit to get into it, but it is worth the effort.  Anyone who has had a relationship in which the man just doesn't communicate very well will identify with Rebecca's feelings.  There is quite an age difference between Rebecca and her new spouse, and Rebecca lacks confidence especially when she is met with resistance from those in the household.  The resolutions surprised and even shocked me, yet all the loose ends were woven into the tapestry in the end.."
"This book is so well written, and the plot it twists and turns your are guessing to the very end!  I read this book when  I was young but enjoyed it so much more this time.  The language is elegant and rich, the  book was written in 1939 in England.  It was so interesting to take a step back in time."
"Loved reading this! The movie has been a personal favorite since I was younger.. Reading the story gives it description beyond compare, you become immersed in the mind of Mrs. De Winter."
I couldn't put it down. Love it!!!
Book in poor condition but I don't collect paperbacks.
beautiful
"Rich, compelling, complex, and dark. A gorgeously written story of love and death and anger and identity."
"The unsettling psychological twists are the undercurrent of what at first glance is a simple love story and coming-of-age of a ""child bride"". Amazing how du Maurier can allow you to be sympathetic to a murderer and young wife who quickly decides to help him cover up."
Very happy with quality and delivery time.
"As I am trying to read some of the ""classics"", I downloaded this to my Kindle HDX. At first, I had trouble relating to the main ""un-named"" character. She was so young, so immature, so sensitive but then as the story develops, this story turned into a completely different experience. It is really well done and I can definitely see why this book is so popular. The ""afterword"" about the author is riveting - that was my favorite part!! I'm struggling between 4.5 and 5 stars ratings..."
I really missed being at Manderley and wished it hadn't ended.  The story kept me very intrigued all the way through.  Loved Daphne's writing style and intend on reading more of her work.
"Rebecca was a very good book.  Even though it was written in 1938, it is just as good today.  It is sort of a romance and mystery, and I was really surprised by the ending.  I think anyone would enjoy reading it."
"This book is beautifully written, and a classic in many's opinion. Before explaining why the book isn't something I'd have any young girl read, I would like to clarify some things. This book was written in the 1930's, which I realize was a different time and environment for women. It's important for us to understand that time to live in ours, but the main character (never named) without any backbone really made my blood boil.She is a mirror of the dogs who follow her husbands feet and whenever she makes a face he dislikes he practically divorces her. Her response to everything is to fall to his feet, put her head in his lap and beg for him to love her again. Rebecca, on the other hand, is the heroine in my eyes."
"How would you feel if you were a newly married second wife, in a strange environment, and felt that no one liked you? That is what Rebecca is all about. Narrated by our young heroine, who remains unnamed, you travel alongside her during hardship and struggle. It takes place somewhere in the 1920's in Europe, where our narrator meets the handsome, yet mysterious Mr. Maxim de Winter, the wealthy owner of Manderly, a stunning estate. As the shy girl gets to know Mr. Maxim, she begins to grow fond of him, but not sure what he thinks of her. Then, Mr. de Winter abruptly proposes, and she finds her life abruptly changed.  She is whisked off to Manderly, an excited new bride.  She soon feels the burden of living in the shadow of his previous wife, Rebecca.  Rebecca was, in the new brides eyes,  the most gorgeous, bright, and energetic woman ever.  According to the housekeeper, Ms. Danvers Rebecca was the most amazing woman to ever live.  The flowers in the garden she loves so much were Rebecca's signature scent; the two dogs she loves seem to realize that our narrator is not Rebecca.  The house remains unchanged, the stationary retains Rebecca's ""R"".  Our main character feels un-experienced and unworthy.  She hears constantly from Mrs. Danvers about how amazing Rebecca was from. Ms. Danvers acts strangely towards our narrarator, and obviously has very hateful thoughts towards Maxim's new wife. Ms. Danvers feels as though this new wife has taken Rebecca's place. It is because of this that she sets the new wife up in every possible way.  Mr. Maxim's mysterious behavior( the look in his eyes he gets when Rebecca is mentioned, his odd behavior towards Rebecca's cousin leads her to believe that he is still in love with his previous wife. Being in love with Maxim, she wants to be everything to him. But will something change her mind?  This was an incredible book that I highly recommend. The mystery, innocence and complications of real life in this story pull you in and make your mind churn. The theme is that things are not always what they seem, and that true love can endure any hardship. This is a book that is hard to forget."
My favorite book of all time!  This book was in perfect condition.  Just as I hoped!
"Rebecca is a fabulous and wonderful book! It is a very suspenseful mystery with well developed characters. The first part of the book is a little slow with clues being dropped all along. I didn't necessarily recognize them all as clues until I read on. It makes me want to go back and read it again knowing how things turn out. Du Maurier is fantatstic, the way she built such an amazing plot and everything in the book is there for a reason, it all makes sense in the end. But the ending is has many surprises.I really thoroughly enjoyed this book! I am so glad I read it."
"Read many years ago, reread wS just as intreging as the fist read, old classics never lose their power to keep the reader excited and involved,,"
"One of my favorite novels of ALL time. It won the Anthony Award for Best Novel of the Century.  Du Maurier is a master  of ""leading one down the primrose path"" and then you find out later your assumptions are completely wrong.  We can all identify with the insecure girl who has to replace Rebecca, a woman of superior beauty, refinement and abilities.  She transformed Manderley to an extraordinary showcase and this sweet, loving, but woefully inadequate ingenue must take her place.  You identify with her immediately.  I suggest you also see the movie, which was directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Stars Sir Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine.  It was simply magnificent and follows the book faithfully except for a detail or two.  ENJOY!!!"
"It was a little slow, but ok!"
Poetically written.  So beautifully written that no other book can compare.
It's a classic - I'm so glad it's now on kindle!
"At first I was a bit let down because I didn't know anything about du Maurier or the novel..but as you make your way through, the complexity of the relationships between Rebecca and the new Mrs. is enticing! Good read--not one of my all time favorites but good."
"At times it got a little tiresome reading her thoughts all the time. But I guess that is the reason you get stuck in her story. Very well written with a twisted ending that leaves you looking back saying ""how did I believe this""?"
"I realize that this was written in a different time, and maybe that's why it seemed to drag on and on and on...I grew tired of her ""day dreaming"".  I just wanted to shake her and bring her into reality."
"Rebecca is an intoxicating novel, best read in conjunction with Sally Beuaman's post -modern prequel/sequel, ' Rebecca's Tale."
"A classic that  will remind all women of where they were in their growing up years.  Women will read and digest this book very differently than they did as teenagers.  You will pity your heroine in your teens ; but as a grown woman, this nameless character will probably make you angry.  Still a good read.."
Hated this story..too gloomy
"I loved this book! Granted, it is hard to get past the first few chapters, but if you hang in there it is well worth it! This book kept me mesmerized and I could barely stand to put it down. It is a great work of literature and you find yourself totally immersed in it, living right along with the characters. Highly recommended!"
My daughter needed this book for her English class.
"This book was the first masterpiece I ever read. I was twelve, and I knew I'd be re-reading this book for the rest of my life. In some ways it's a coming-of-age story. An impoverished, nameless young woman, who feels plain and inelegant, travels to Monte Carlo as the paid companion of an American woman, where she is noticed by a wealthy and dashing widower, Maxim de Winter. To everyone's surprise, Maxim wants to marry her and bring her home to Manderley, his estate. The woman attempts to grow into her role as a sophisticated lady of the manor, but there is something obviously wrong at Manderley. No matter how hard she tries, the woman cannot come out from the shadow of Maxim's first wife, Rebecca- even though Rebecca has been  dead for a year.How can the dead control the living?Read this intricate, gothic suspense novel and  find out."
I enjoyed this book very much...one of those I didn't want to put down.
One of the most boring books I have ever read.  This frequently makes 'scariest books' lists and the only thing scary about it is the narrator's mother.
"Must have been a smash hit as its time, but a bit outdated now"
"A classic.  If you've only seen the Hitchcock film, definitely read the book.  It differs greatly from the film & I just loved it."
This edition (the one with the three actors on the cover) is edited and rewritten for kids in school.  Looking for the original classic novel?  THIS AIN'T IT!
"This is undoubtedly one of my favorite books. I can't believe I waited so long to read it!  I first read it two summers ago, and I just loved it! If you've never read it, have patience. The author lays a lot of groundwork before things really get intense. Even so, I just love her style and the way she crafted this book. I read it again this summer and loved it just as much!"
I used to read this book every year on spring break. A delicious read that stands the test of time.
"I love the famous first line of the book...""Last night I dreamed I went to Manderley again."" There was always a sort of eeriness I felt as I moved through the story. That psychologically suspenseful feeling was driven by the writing but in any case it was a positive not a negative. Written as a flashback with a heroine that remains nameless, it is the story of a beautiful old mansion Manderley and Rebecca, the dead wife of the heroine's husband. Rebecca's ghost is haunting and disturbing. There are many twists and turns to this somewhat wicked story. It is a book you should read if you enjoy psychological suspense. Do not read any of the reviews with spoilers. You will find more enjoyment in the book."
"I am very into reading anything from this era these days, and this book is an interesting twist."
Could not put it down. You believed you were right there with them in the story. Amazing writing that sucks you in then spits you out.
"This book is famous for a reason. After bringing me to a point that I thought I could predict the conclusion of the book, Du Maurier took the characters in an entirely different direction and ended the book very differently than one would expect. This was a great read."
"As magnificent as it was when I first read it at the age of 14! Maybe even better, as my 14-year-old son loved it, too!"
read it before.  Hd to have for book club.  Well received.
"The middle 50% was very long and redundant. First 25, last 25 was great!"
"Spending a season in Monte Carlo. Not a single well-known personality. Employed as a companion. The monster rhododendrons. The skull-faced housekeeper. Tea under the chestnut tree. The haunting first wife. The costume ball. These, and many more, brew in the cauldron of this book. The story grabs you from the beginning and grips you till the end. This is a modern (1938) fairy tale with a complete cast of interesting characters. The most interesting is the nameless bride. We never know her former name, only her Mrs. title. But we're blessed with her feelings. Empathy reigns with a whole lot of thought tossed in."
"I enjoyed this book and the Hitchcock's movie of the book. The heroine is so well portrayed. She is a fidgeting mousy little character and she was alive to me. But by the end I was wearying of her ""nail biting"" , her blandness, and was ready for her to grow up. The author didn't hold through to the end.  The end was abrupt.  Too easy.  This is one case where the movie is better than the book."
Always one of my favorites.
"Of course, this is a classic!  My mother was a reader, and she loved this book.  I read it once, years ago, but it was definitely worth a  re-read.  And I hadn't remembered the plot, so I was surprised all over again by the ""twist"" in the  plot.  I recommend it for a refreshing read.  It is a page turner, but it is not ""heavy"" and depressing."
The book was in worse shape than described.
Thank You!
I want to retract a complaint I had with this seller the book is ok I did not want to make trouble for anyone. thanks
Still the greatest of the gothic romances.  Alfred Hitchcock's direction of the movie is beyond compare.
Lame ending. Strange story.
I retread this book and it was as good as the first time which was way back in the fifties.  The atmosphere and the plot where both excellent.
"The Kindle edition changed the opening line from ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again"" to ""Last night I dreamed I went to Manderley again.""  I realize it is only a subtle change but an annoyance just the same. If du Maurier had wanted to use ""dreamed"" she would have. Wondering what other editorial changes were made...The original line captivated me over 25 years ago...and I was so eager to get my favorite book on the Kindle...but I was not appreciative of this change....I wish editors would not take liberties like this."
Great book. So before its time!
du Maurier was worth the read for me.  The twisted final surprise was worth each word leading up to it!
"The only reason I made it through this book is because my book club was reading it. That being said, two members of the club couldn't get through it. The heroine is unbelievably lame. I wanted to shake her, to tell her to get a hobby or do something nice for someone else and stop being so concerned with how everyone hates her. I get it -- I'm an extreme introvert and shy to boot -- but I've figured out how to function quite well in the outside world. The plot takes a major and awesome twist somewhere in the middle, at which point all the awfulness almost pays off. Du Maurier would have done well to take out about 50-100 pages of the first part. She still would have conveyed her point and even kept some readers, too. (Hey, it's not my attention span, either. I routinely read authors like Eliot, Dumas, Austen, Lawrence, etc, and thoroughly enjoy them.)  The writing itself is quite good. She can put a sentence together."
My wife is the reader in the family and really enjoyed this book.  She actually had it read with in a couple of days.
This is an entertaining and intriguing romance novel with a great plot twist. I love the author's writing style. Highly recommend it for a quick read!
"When you read this novel in the context it was written - a Gothic novel set in the 1930s, this is a timeless Bronte-inspired romance about an innocent young girl who unlocks the heart of the darkly brooding hero, freeing him from the burdens of his tragic past. I have also dreamed of Manderley, with the beautifully furnished rooms, the lovely lawns and the rambling walks down to the water.If the novel was written in today's society, Maxim de Winter would come across very differently.  After an abrupt unromantic courtship, he marries an isolated naive young girl and brings her back to his home, where she has no role, no friends and no authority even to move furniture (if she dared).  He is patronising, bad-tempered and dismissive until.... the body of his first wife is found. He quickly confesses to his gullible young wife that he killed Rebecca, and she is so heartbreakingly needy that the essential part of this message is that he never loved Rebecca. She accepts all his excuses at face value - Rebecca apparently confessed to ""vile"" things on their honeymoon, so terrible that he could never tell his second wife. (What could she have done that was worse than murder, I wonder?) My guess is that charming beautiful Rebecca was not so compatible with the gloomy brooding Maxim, and in the pre-divorce era, she felt justified in seeking more enjoyable companionship while successfully playing the part of the lady of the manor.Finally Max snapped under the pressure, but luckily he has the support of his blinkered second wife and the Old Boys Network to see him through a tricky inquest. My advice to the second Mrs De Winter - don't be so friendly with Frank Crawley or you too may be accused of vile things."
"At first reading a great classic - at second reading a complex psychology course and a study in criminology. A must read!Eleanor Cowan, author of : A History of a Pedophile's Wife: Memoir of a Canadian Teacher and Writer"
"Our book club reads a classic once a year.  This is our choice for June.  Great read, great value, good service and packaging"
"I read this years ago, but came across it again and decided to re-read it.  I think I appreciated it more the second time around.  However, I would have to say it is more ""wordy"" and introspective for my taste.  I generally like more action."
"Finally, du Maurier's Classic, Rebecca, is in e-book format!  This book has always been one of my favorites in my opinion this should be required reading literature."
"Rebecca is a classic that has stood the test of time.  I read it the first time in the 60's and enjoyed reading it again in 2014. For the first time reader, it holds lots of surprises."
"Worth the reread.I read it in high school the first time. Loved it then, loved it again. Might read again."
Great book now and always has been a good read.
Book read and it is good.
Couldn't put it down. Beautifully written. It is hard to believe it was written in 1938! It has surely stood the test of time.
"If you read this book a long time ago, like I did, you really should read it again.  When I read it the first time, which was probably over 50 years ago, I would have given it 5 stars for sure.  It is still a good book, considered a classic by many, and well worth your time.My reaction this time means that my taste in literature has changed.  The book is still well written and will hold your interest but I wanted to grab the narrator by her shoulders and shake her and tell her that most of her problems were in her head.The descriptions were good, I can actually see Manderlay, but I did get tired of reading so many words.If you have read it in the past I encourage you to read it again and see what you think."
Makes one want to visit Cornwall.  The story line is both intriguing and plausible and set amongst a wonderful backdrop of natural history.  Excellent reading.
"DuMaurier writes wonderfully and this is a riveting story. My main reason for 4 stars rather than 5 is a part of the plot I find hard to accept, so it's just a personal preference. The story seems to become slightly convoluted at times, but the unnamed narrator, the second Mrs. Maxim DeWnter, comes to life as do most of the other characters in the book. Manderley is described in such vivid detail the reader finds herself transported. This deservedly popular book endures and has been translated into many languages. I'd like to see a film remake, partly because Laurence Olivier, as exceptional an actor as he was, doesn't seem to me to be the real Maxim."
"Rebecca is a fascinating novel, I just loved every single paragraph....and shall read it again in a few years' time."
great story
"I had never read anything by Daphne, but I am hooked.  The way she sets the stage and build the story is amazing."
"Enticing, with a blend of innocence.captures reader's mind well. A must read Suspense work, witj class, unlike what we get to read in modern work."
I have just finished reading it for the third time. Excellent read
Loved book! Great condition for used book!
"This novel reminded me a lot of Jane Eyre. That being said, it has it's own flavor which is dark and filled with a subtle suspense."
"Great book, and came in great condition"
"I read ""Rebecca"" ages ago when I was a teen, and probably just skimmed it through, as English is not my home language. I have now reread it, and I must admit I do not know why it is still in print! To be honest: it's a good story, well told. But gee, it's showing its age. The writing style is stilted, and the characters are cardboard cut-outs. The female narrator (never named) is a colorless, bland person (or so it seems), and what most bothered me in the the first two-thirds of the tale was the unnatural, sometimes one-syllable , way in which the narrator and Max/Maxim and others communicated. Where a full-sentence answer was needed the narrator usually simply said ""yes"" or ""no"". I felt like kicking her backside. There is also no real mention of love (as in sharing a bed!) in the tale. (No, I did not expect sexy scenes, but it seems as if Max merely married Ms Unknown as a crutch, not a lover).The pace picks up towards the end, but to me (I hate to be a spoiler but the book was published in 1938) the reason for the murder was vague, to say the least. Everyone seemed to ""adore"" Rebecca except her husband. As were the morals of the time, the hard and fast reasons why he disliked or hated her are not made clear and has to be guessed by the reader. I felt frustrated. If a person is really mean and nasty, it would not only be the husband who knows it!! Then, surely, other people must have picked up on her bad character as well!Mrs. Danvers, who is supposed to be the villain in the tale, is also a dark horse. Did she, or didn't she .... ?And in the end we have no idea why the De Winter couple seems to be ""exiled"" from England.I found the famous story, on 2nd reading after several decades, overrated, and the characters flat and not even very likable."
One of the finest novels Ihave ever read.
I love stories like this. It is written very well.
The story is excellent. I love the book.
"This book is one of my favorites, many see it as women's fiction, but it's so much more. It captures and captivates until the very."
1
"If you’re afraid of going back to the classics because you like page turners, don’t be! At least not with Rebecca. I revisited the novel for pace reasons. Let me explain. I am working on a literary mystery and I was in need of some inspiration and sustenance not so much for plot as for rhythm and tension. Rebecca, in my view a forerunner of the psychological thriller, happened to be the perfect choice. Of course, I mixed business with pleasure for the novel is, as mentioned before, vastly entertaining. Something Du Maurier wanted. With time, it acquired a lot more than commercial value and became quite an important literary work. With its remarkable descriptions of nature—either friendly or threatening—or of Manderley, a mansion that our unnamed narrator never controls or owns, this work is, besides a damn good story, all allegory, all metaphor. I found pleasure turning those pages, but it was a sad, depressed pleasure. Don’t be fooled by the entertaining qualities of the novel, for this is a profoundly dark work. Entering Manderley felt like entering a grave. Our unnamed narrator never quite existed. (Her descriptions relate to her absence rather than her presence.) She died before being born. She never asserted herself, letting fear and the glance of others control her. And dead Rebecca was always like the sea, renewing her ardor with each wave. This is not an easy work. For no matter how pale or submissive the narrator seems to be, the reader roots for her. Who doesn’t have compassion for a victim? And she’s attacked on all fronts. On one side, she has to please her husband, be a dreamer, “Alice in Wonderland,” as he puts it. On the other, she is given the chance to shine, be another Rebecca. None of these choices will make her happy. Being a husband pleaser will kill her identity. Being a rebel will make her true to herself but unacceptable to society. Unless she becomes some sort of monster, like Rebecca, playing the societal game on one side and not caring about anyone on the other. In the end, we know what she chooses. We know the tragedy. And we know why this complex work is indeed a classic."
I read this book on the basis of my sister-in-law's recommendation.  I was not sure I liked it at first but could not put it down.  It reminded me a bit like Jane Eyre with many twists & turns in the plot.  I can see why Alfred Hitchcock made it into a movie!
"I had my doubts starting this book, but I loved it.  A great book club read, we discussed for over an hour the different characters in the book.  If you like Gothic this is one to read."
"Great development of characters, captivating plot.  I couldn't put it down.  I only wish every book were as well written."
"I’m one of those dumb readers who can’t tell you the symbolism of items in literature, why Rebecca is synonymous with red (I read that somewhere), that  ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again"" is an ""iambic hexameter,"" etc.  I just know what I like and this book dragged like crazy.  I have an English Lit friend who recommended it after I saw the movie.  Wow, was this book slow.  I don’t like big paragraphs (that’s childish, I know), rambling thoughts and I had to stop myself several times from wishing somebody would just choke the second Ms. De Winter, if not the author.  About 60% into the book, the action finally starts and we started getting somewhere, as they say.  Can’t see myself reading another of this author’s books."
"Rebecca, wholly engrossing, quietly written but with deep undercurrents. lovely descriptions of Cornwall in an amazing dreamy sense.loved it, I want to read more of Daphne Du Maurier now.could have done without the review at the end, I feel that it spoilt it for me, and I didn't agree with the synopsis."
"Well I read it when I was a kid, I love it, I try to enjoy it again, this time it seemed very long, slow, still nice, very interesting, but not as good as I used to remember. Still, something very good to read."
"Book Club selection. As a period romance/mystery, I'd say this was well-written, holding the suspense and providing twists and turns that shifted the heroine's (and the reader's) understanding of the recently deceased Rebecca and her influence over all who lived at Manderley. Having just read Gail Collin's book, ""America's Women,"" it was interesting to recognize how heroines were portrayed in the 1940s and the way women were encouraged to behave if they were to ever be deserving of true love.The heroine, a young, unsophisticated thing who ends up marrying far above her station, says it best.  "" . . . confidence is a quality I prize, although it has come to me a little late in the day. I suppose it is his [her husband's] dependence upon me that has made me bold at last. I have lost my diffidence, my timidity, my shyness with strangers. I am very different from that self who drove to Manderley for the first time hopeful and eager, handicapped by a rather desperate gaucherie and filled with an intense desire to please.  It was my lack of poise of course that made such a bad impression on people like Mrs. Danvers. What must I have seemed like after Rebecca?""Like all period pieces, the heroine is deeply introspective, attentive to minute details of weather,environment, costumes, customs. In this case, she was also prone to excessive flights of speculation, imagining what judgements are being made behind every raised eyebrow,every conversation, every thought she suspects others might have of her. She creates elaborate scenarios in her own mind, which are true enough to her character's insecurity, but which made me impatient with the woman. Obviously, the point was to compare the first and second Mrs. de Winter. In this, the book was successful, contrasting the differences the heroine first believes as she compares herself to Rebecca (the first Mrs. de Winter) with the final revealed truth. Our heroine remains the ""traditional"" wife, subjective, supportive and devoted to her husband. I kept hoping she would get some backbone, but the strength she finds is only in protecting her husband, not in finding her own voice.I guess I like more spirited heroines and am not a fan of period romances. Still, I appreciate this book appealing to readers who like the genre."
It was a great book! I Am normally not a reader but this book I would not out down! It was great!
"Du Maurier's novel was filled with breathtaking details of the beauty of the English countryside, making Manderley as much a character in the novel as Rebecca,Maxim, and the 2nd Mrs. de Winter. I was thoroughly engrossed and entertained throughout."
"I wanted to go back to reading classics and started with Rebecca.Wow the language, the visual descriptions, the characters, the settings, stunning.Loved it again."
"Read & enjoy, cleverly written on many levels, Innocence & anger create a mystery to try & unravel and understand"
"Absorbing story, wonderful characters, totally did not want it to end.If you want to curl up with an escape book this is it.  Bit of love, lots of hate and envy, mystery and a good murder."
"This was my first time to read Rebecca, and I found it to be a real page-turner!  My book club typically reads current novels and non-fiction books, but we decided to add a classic or two each year.  I'm glad Rebecca was this year's classic selection."
I read this book in high school and it was every bit as good. The end leaves you hanging but that's part of the beauty of Rebecca.
"Rebecca is what I strive to do as a fiction writer:  sense of place, beautiful prose, believable and well-developed characters, and haunting suspense.This is a classic."
I really enjoyed this book as I was drawn into the characters lives. From the writers easy to read style to the detailed complexities of the time and lifestyles of that period in history - well done!
"I don't usually like books that take place very far in the past, but this was written as though it was present day. I liked it very much."
"This is a great story, but I think it needs condensing. It's a long read and the new Mrs. DeWinter has an active over-imagination."
"great classic not to be dimished over time, so enjoyed rereading it, very glad to have the opportunity to do so"
"Warning: Some spoiler information here!On the good recommendation of a friend, this is the first book I read when I received the course materials for my Master's Gothic Literature class. I read it with a little apprehension, but found myself enjoying it immensely. By chapter 3 I was wondering why this was a gothic novel, despite the final line of chapter 2, “It’s Max de Winter,” she said, “the man who own Manderley. You’ve heard of it, of course. He looks ill, doesn’t he? They say he can’t get over his wife’s death…”Oh, the foreshadowing! Little did I know…and yet, the pleasant, domestic romance begins between our young, naïve narrator and the rich Mr. de Winter. Little hints, like his controlling demeanor and outburst in Monte Carlo before they marry, were glossed over. Though I found Mrs. Danvers disturbing (creepy even!) I was not prepared for the revelation that Rebecca was killed by Max. And here our naïve narrator shifts quite abruptly to unreliable narrator, for everything she tells us about Rebecca and the murder come from the man who committed the deed! But still, in the first reading, I kept thinking, poor Max…poor Max.Then I read it again...Please check out my blog at [...]"
"I loved this book and recently met someone named Rebecca.  I found out she had never heard of this book, so I bought it for her.  A wonderful story."
"The story fed a lot of discussion on many aspects of the story.  Although I'm not a big fan of English fiction where the house is one of the characters, this book provided enough suspense and a twist at the end to keep you reading.  It's a fairly quick and easy read."
"The book is too small. It is the size of a paperback, but with a hard cover. The print is super-tiny. When I was younger, it wouldn't have made any difference. But nowadays, my eyes are not as young as they used to be. It is called presbyopia, the condition of eyes aging and not being quite as flexible as they used to be. This makes it dufficult to focus on small objects, and especially makes it painful to try to read tiny type. In the age of sight-unseen purchases of items based on price, the vendor is behooved to make things smaller, in order to reduce packaging and shipping costs, and also to be able to mass-produce hardcover books using as little raw materials as possible. If I had been standing in a bookstore, I would have been able to not purchase this item based on the super-tiny size of the printing on the diminutive pages of a pocket-sized hardcover book. I was really expecting something more along the lines of 9 inches by seven inches, but this one is barely six inches by four inches. And did I mention that the type is super-tiny?This is not to say that it is not a good book. I may very well enjoy it, but not until I order a bigger edition. The type is super-tiny, and it hurts to try to read it."
"Rebecca is an enduring classic because it deals with universal themes.  Society's code of behavior is addressed through the personalities of the two Mrs. DeWinters.  One with no name is cowed by behavior expected of her in a class society and the other, deceased, defied convention.  Between them is Maxim Dewinter and his need for maintaining social status."
"This book is a wonderful classic that is as poignant today as it was ninety years ago.  The stiff upper lip British attitude and way of life is fascinating and engrossing.  The storyline is riveting.  I read it because our book club chose Alena which is inspired by this, but the new book is one tenth as well written as the original.  It stands in the murky shadows of de Maurier's Rebecca."
"Rebecca is a complex novel on many levels.  It is a gothic novel written in a style unique to du Maurier.  She begins with the famous line, ""Last night, I dreamed I went to Manderley again...""  From there, Manderley is described in its decline.  She leads you into the story and introduces the characters leading you into the story.  She remains unnamed throughout the book.  The only name we have for her is Mrs. de Winter.  Rebecca is the dominant character throughput the novel who remains a mystery for half of the reading.  The time taken to develop  the setting, characters and storyline may be long for some readers, but this reader enjoyed experiencing the book to the fullest degree.Following the ending of the novel is an analysis of the author and her background which sheds light on how her personality is projected in the characters.  It was very interesting to read about her life and influences that would have shaped the story and developed the characters.If you want a fast read, you might look elsewhere...it was too slow for my daughter.This is not a fast read...take the time to experience this timeless classic."
I re-read this book every few years and always love it. It has one of the most famous first lines in literature and the book gets even better from there. It's hard to put down.
"I have always loved this story and wanted a hardback copy of it.  The cost was for a hardback so I was extremely surprised when I got it that it is the size of a small paperback with a hardback on it.  The printing begins at the very, very top of the page and ends at the very, very bottom of the page - no margins.  I wish I had known what it was I was ordering because I did not get what I felt I was buying.  It said Avon book in it and I don't recall if it said that in the details when ordering but I would have had no idea what that meant anyway."
"Some classics are ageless. Many like Rebecca are not. The first light bulb was a marvel, an absolute wonder for the persons of the age and it changed the course of humanity but will not have the same utility for anyone of later eras. The same is not true for the first Sistine Chapel. Rebecca belongs to the former category.Rebecca's much acclaimed vivid haunting scenes, the suspenseful saga, so called bone chilling interactions and mildly humorous, well described inner conflicts of a social misfit have all been improved massively ever since. Modern day readers have pre-fabricated images of vast, empty palaces or misty, lonely paths through trees and flowers of all kind - they do not need any creation. The book descriptions add little new. The same is equally true about the fears inspired by eavesdropping maids or the moustached, loud ruffian. Most importantly, the mystery is so straightforward and pace too eventless for readers getting much more on one hour crime dramas,This all must have been path breaking in its times. And Rebecca is a good, quick read but if at all a classic, it must be more for the pioneering impact rather than the story itself."
"I admire strong women in novels.  Our heroine in this one is not.  This premise of the story was good - and it kept me guessing.  Even more Interesting was what I learned in the epilogue - a lot is discussed here that I didn't even pick up in the novel.  The writing style is very good for the time period in which it was written and it immersed me in the time period and Manderley.  If you enjoyed Jane Eyre, give this a shot.  And our heroine?  Grows up a lot and becomes a women even I admire by the end."
"A wonderful classic.  After knowing the story, but never reading the book before, it was exciting to feel the depth of character and intensity of du Maurier's writing."
I loved this book.  I could actually feel the way Mrs. de Winter felt when comparing herself to Rebecca. How could she possibly not feel inferior to Rebecca.  Rebecca was so beautiful and talented.  I recommend this book and I will read it again.  This book was made into an Alfred Hitchcock black and white film and it is wonderfully done.
I had go to the library and check out a copy. This is not legible and should not be sold to anyone. Print is minute and pages are yellowed. A total waste of $$ --a gyp
"After reading ""Alena,"" which is kind of ""Rebecca"" in disguise, I realized I'd never read ""Rebecca"" although I knew it from the film.  I'm so glad I finally read ""Rebecca:""  the story is fascinating and difficult to put down!"
"It felt like an Alfred Hitchcock movie unfolding throughout... English, social class, murder and an unsettled relationship between husband and wife.On the plus side it was better written than most fiction.  There were obvious hole in the plot.  The husband's supposed staunch love for his first wife while she openly cheated on him."
"Of all of the classic writers I dearly love, her voice is the most beautiful.  I simply adore this book."
"What else is there to say?  One of the all-time great mysteries, loved every word.  Far better than the movie!!"
I remember watching the Hitchcock adaptation and was intrigued by the premise not realizing that some of the key plot points in the film are a major departure from the book itself. The book itself is not densely plotted with the pivotal revelation arriving through about 2/3rds in. The striking feature of the writing is the vividly and hauntingly portrayed imagery of dreams and nightmares and dreams on the verge of nightmares. IMHO this is no romance novel but more of psychological thriller. To slot it into the gothic romance sub-genre would be doing this wonderful book a great disservice.Amazon has been selling some amazing literature on their Daily Deals and Monthly Deals section on the Kindle Book Store. The discounted price for Rebecca was $2.99 which has now allowed me read some great literature over the past year or so.
"I have read this book and loved it, it has been many years ago.  I totally enjoyed it It is a classic, well worth reading and listening to"
"I was not eager to read this book, but it was highly recommended by a friend so I gave it a try.  It started off slow, but I'm really glad that I stuck with it.  Once it started getting good I could not put it down.  The ending is very surprising.  I would highly recommend it."
This is an oldie but goodie.  Daphne Du Maurier's novel is on my shelf of favorite books.
In my opinion this reasonably enjoyable book did not quite live up to the hype. I feel that it has been well marketed in conjunction with the Hitchcock film which has made it so popular in much the same way that Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series recently achieved its popularity.It's by no means bad although the middle of the book drags & the weak unnamed main character becomes tiresome at times. However I thoroughly enjoyed the ending.
Somewhat dated language and quite slow moving for the first 150 pages.  Innovative plotting for its time.
I haven't had a chance to read it. Since my husband passed recently I've been busy. I'm moving to Georgia with my daughter. I would very much like to review your books but I just don't have the time right now.
"I am so thankful to the person who recommended this gem. Dark, deep beautifully written. How had I not discovered this before?"
"I knew this book was a modern classic and had  a film adaptation, so I hoped it lived up to the hype. But I hadn't seen the movie and I didn't know what the book was about at all when I started reading. I was pleasantly surprised and I can't wait to see the movie now. I loved this book, it's probably one of my favorites now"
Rebecca is one of my favorite novels.
"It's hard to critique a classic, and I feel almost pretentious attempting to do so.  That said, I would have enjoyed a little more character development and contextualization of the characters.  It would have helped make it more plausible that a young woman (teen, 20-something?) would fall in love with a much older man after a very short courtship, and enriched the way the plot revolves around Manderley and its former mistress.One struggle I found in its relatability was attempting to comprehend why Maxim regarded his home's reputation so highly.  I think this is a contemporary concept that gets lost as later generations read the novel; without any understanding of that class and culture, it seems odd and borderline foolish.  But as this book is a product of its day, it must be taken as such.  Even with these issues, the book is chilling, incisively written to wring one's nerves and weave a rich tapestry of landscape and architecture that captures the imagination and brings the wonder and horror alive in the text."
"Ecellent, great fun reading a classic like that."
"It took me awhile to get into the book, then moving right along,  it ended! I was reading it on my tablet and thought I accidentally skipped to the end. I went back, and ... it was the end of the book. Just left me hanging, it wasn't that good a book, and then to just end... I don't get it."
"The cover is bent at the top, the shape of the book is skewed, and the bottom of the spine is coming off leaving some pages detached at the bottom.  It's usable but it definitely isn't in ""very good"" condition."
"This is not worth the $14.99 being charged for it.  It is the trashiest, cheapest ""Book""I've ever been unfortunate enough to have ordered.  What makes is worse is thatit is one of my favorite books and I wanted to have it handy in my library.  Even thecheapest paperback makes this book look awful.  I will be contributing it to mylibrary but I doubt they'll want anything to do with it.  Sorry, Amazon, you haven'tbeing doing very well and I will find a different source.  Thanks."
"Many years ago I believe it was Alfred Hitchcock who brought this story to the big screen.  At the time I was a lot younger and did not enjoy the story that much, but now that I have read the print version it will foreve rbe a classic in my collection of best ever."
There is a reason this book is a classic.  The story of a young bride confronted with the memory of her husband's deceased first wife.  The bride is never named.  Rebecca is the name of the late first wife and her memory still holds the husband and those around the bride in her thrall.  The shy unnamed bride struggles to assert her own identity and finds herself pulled into the mystery of who Rebecca really was.  It is an involving and compelling story that is as entertaining to read now as when it was published in 1938.  Rebecca is a book that readers will find themselves returning to read several times.  The story never disappoints!I received an e-book copy in exchange for a fair and honest review.
"The writing took a bit for me to get used to, but once I was drawn in, there was no way I could put the book down.  I finished nearly the whole book in a weekend.  I had to force myself to put it down to sleep.  Once I made progress in the book, I realized that the unique style of writing was essential for delivering the story with all it's intensity.  Honestly one of the best books I've read in ages."
"This is one of the best books I have read recently.  I loved the characters; they were real and I felt that I knew them at the end. I was so disappointed when it ended, I wanted more. It was so hard to put down!"
Romantic novel from 1938 (!) with many twists and turns that were totally unexpected.  Enjoyed the book from start to finish.  Now I understand how this book has remained so loved for almost 100 years.
"If you don't enjoy Gothic literature, you may not like Rebecca. It's dark, brooding and even frightening at points. A young woman (who is never named) marries an older, wealthy man, Max. Max's first wife, Rebecca, died in a boating accident. Rebecca's presence in the house, the marriage, proves too much for the young woman. Then, twists and turns in the plot reveal a very complicated truth about Rebecca and Max.Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper, is one of the best villains in fiction. (A great villain doesn't know she's the villain.)I consider the opening paragraphs and the final page of this novel to be among the finest writing I've read.The use of music to tell this tale was a nice touch."
"A classic story of rags to riches, with a Gothic twist. du Maurier weaves her tale with grace and beauty; the young girl who is suddenly offered the chance for a marriage far above her social station to a handsome widower, swept away to a magnificent, but secluded, mansion in the countryside. I was with her step by step as she became aware that she was not to be mistress of the house as the former mistress, while dead and buried, was still very much in residence.du Maurier is masterful in the slow but steady dawning of horror that the young wife experiences as she is drawn deeper into the undercurrents of her new husband's household. His obsession, as well as that of the staff, with his deceased wife is increasingly disturbing, to say the least. The final plot twist took me completely by surprise.A novel from a not-so-kind or gentle past, it still resonates today. Must read material for anyone who wants to see how a master wordsmith works her magic."
I decided to read Rebecca again after 25 years.  Still a great read.  I think I enjoyed it even more the second time around.
"Read this years ago, had to come back and read it again, I must say in that time my opinion of the characters has changed greatly, leading to an entirely different reading of the novel, leaving me with nothing but pity for the poor narrator.I love this book and have thoroughly enjoyed re-reading it, it would definitely make my top list of books to read,"
First read it in high school and liked it. Years later I still like this book. It is a classic and as such is well written. This time though I am able to google information relating not only to the book but also to Daphne Du Maurier. I would suggest to anyone interested that they read Wikipedia info on the author. Her picture appears in Wikipedia and I think in my mind anyway that she looks like the second Mrs DeWinter. Also fascinating that she did not give a first name to the second Mrs DeWinter. Her reasons seem a little strange..
I had to reread the beginning after completing the very abrupt ending.  The book was fun to read and discuss in a book club.
"I enjoyed the book, so much better than the movie.  Her writing is so poetic, it is picturesque and sensual prose.  No one writes exactly as she does."
Rebecca is now my new favorite book! I enjoyed every word and could not put it down. Highly recommend it.
"Rebecca is the story of a young, naïve girl who marries a handsome, widowed older man, Maxim. He takes her to live at Manderley, the estate he shared with his late wife, Rebecca. She struggles to live in the shadow of Rebecca’s past which slowly reveals her as someone who was vibrant and beautiful. She finds her new role as the new Mrs. De Winter daunting, not understanding why Maxim would choose her — someone so plain and ordinary.""It seemed remote to me, and far too distant, the time when I too should smile and be at ease, and I wished it could come quickly; that I could be old even, with grey hair and slow of step, having lived here many years – anything but the timid, foolish creature I felt myself to be.""Then there's the dreadful housekeeper Mrs. Danvers, always there with her skull like face to remind her that she's not Rebecca. She decides that her husband is not truly in love with her and secretly longs for Rebecca. But as time passes, things unfold from the past that have been long buried. Truth becomes lie and lie becomes truth. The book has an Alfred Hitchcock mystery element to it, a darkness like Wuthering Heights, and a storyline reminiscent of Jane Eyre. If you're a fan of classics, this is a must-read. If not, you’re rather likely to find it tedious.Rebecca was first published in 1938, making it more than 70 years since it was written. The fact that it captured me so completely speaks volumes of the talent of Daphne Du Maurier. I only wish there was a rating beyond five stars.*I recommend the version published by Virago if you can find it."
This book is one of my favorites.  It's a classic mystery and I wanted to have it in my personal library.  Have read it several times and highly recommend this to anyone.
Could not stop reading. I was very drawn in by the characters. Reread the book as soon as I finished the first time.
It starts out rather slow and takes a couple of chapters to start rolling BUT when that happens it grows into a compelling and stimulating novel. I enjoyed it.
"Whether it is the book or the black and white movie from the 40s Rebecca has been one of my absolute favorites  It is romantic, mysterious and gripping.  It is also well-written.  No formulas...just a great story that takes you to another time and place.Daphne du Maurier is masterful."
"the ending seemed to come up short, I wanted more to get emotional over at the end, what happened to the rest of the staff."
"I saw the movie long ago, but didn't remember most of it.This book is well written, but was slow moving. It took a long time to get into the story, and then, there was quite a build up with the housekeeper; however, nothing really became of that.I have to say I was pretty disappointed with the story."
"I would put this book into it's own category of psychological mystery. Quality work that will keep you reading, and when you're finished you'll want to go over it again to catch all the clues you missed along the way."
"I really enjoyed this book. I picked it up because one of my favorite contemporary authors (Stephan King) quoted the opening lines in one of his books. In Rebecca, a timid girl is thrown into a strange, new environment and finds her own voice and her strength."
"I loved this book.  It has all the makings of a wonderful story - romance, jealously, death, wealth, mystery, etc.  and I think du Maurier's writing is exquisite.  I was pulled into the book and seemed to hang on every word.  In my opinion, the book is a masterpiece of storytelling and the author is (was) an exceptional writer.  It does have a few long descriptive passages, but she made me feel like I actually visited Manderley.  And the ending was perfect."
"At age 16, I thought it a great romance.  At age 62, I can see the companion was no better off as the wife of the man she loved than she was in the employ of a snobbish woman...just better circumstances."
"The hardback book is very small.  The amount of mistakes is the worst I have ever read.  The publisher is AVON BOOKS, and they have done a horrible job.  As for the story, I am enjoying it!"
"Very good condition, enjoyed the book."
"I wanted to read this author ever since she was referenced in one of my favorite books.  I have to admit, I did see the movie before I read the book so I did have a reference point as to the storyline.This is a good book and does have an interesting plot.  The part I was having difficulties with was the over descriptive scenes.  There are parts of the book where a particular scene or feeling is described over two or three pages.  I ended up skimming over these parts just to get on with the story.I'm thinking about reading more of Daphne du Maurier's books to see if that is her writing style or if this book is the exception.  Other than that detail, this is a good book."
"Daphne Du Maurier is the queen of moody gothic thrillers that boast dimensional characters in frightening, often inexplicable, situations. REBECCA is her best-known work, and to this day, all these years after I first read it, it pulls me in. Du Maurier's story about a mousy young woman who marries a moody man hiding a plethora of ugly secrets is simply brilliant. As part of the cleverness of her craft, though the story is written in the first person, we NEVER LEARN THE NAME OF THE NARRATOR. She is referred to only as ""the second Mrs. DeWinter"". The first Mrs. DeWinter, Rebecca, though dead for a year by the time the story opens, is so alive in the house she once occupied--the beautiful estate Manderley--that the living narrator simply pales in comparison, and keeping her name unknown to us, while constantly spotlighting Rebecca, is a wonderful Du Maurier device.Another is the picture the insecure narrator constructs in her mind of the dead Rebecca, about whom she is rabidly curious but the people around Manderley say almost nothing to satisfy that curiosity. As a result, the innocent young wife builds up in her mind a picture of a stunning, socially brilliant and genuinely wonderful woman that turns out to be almost completely untrue. And as she tries to face down the forbidding housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who still mourns the dead Rebecca and resents the new wife simply for being there, she begins to learn that all is not as she thought it was ... for most of us, the turning point where we begin to grow up.As a writer myself, I admire Du Maurier's craft, how she conveys the information she wants you to know. Her description of the new wife's first day at Manderley and her time in the morning room, a room Rebecca had used for her household work, tells us everything we need to know about both Rebecca's efficiency as an estate manager and the new wife's bewilderment and intimidation that she is now being asked to step into these large shoes. And all this just by describing how the room looks! (That's still one of my favorite scenes in the book.)REBECCA is a thorough and dimensional picture of a way of life that no longer exists--the between-the-wars gentility of England-- but also of the futility of trying to fight shadows and memories,how our lack of understanding may create false pictures and expectations, and how seeing more clearly can lead to our maturing and understanding.Highly recommended."
"I like this love story and also enjoyed reading something from a different period in time, all you ladies will love it."
This is my favorite book. I lost my hard copy years ago and was elated to find it for my Kindle. Now I can read it any time I want.
"LOVE! Not just a gothic romance but a classic. I loved learning about the author as well, and how her life influenced the writing of Rebecca. My book club had one of the best discussions ever! Written in 1938 it still holds your attention from the very first page to the end. I can't recommend this book highly enough."
"I simply loved the book and couldn't put it down. The setting and the characters, especially that Mrs. Danvers, were so vivid and at times very creepy. Highly recommend : )"
"Daphne du Maurier sets up her story's plot with the ever-opposing lion vs. the mouse: Rebecca vs. the no-name mouse.  The dark imposing Mrs. Danvers helps to hold Rebecca over the younger naïve ""child.""  Everywhere the new Mrs. du Winter looks, she sees Rebecca in the embroidered linen napkins, handkerchiefs, address book, stationery, and so forth  Three key events begin to end Rebecca's hold on Maxim's new wife: Mrs. Danvers showing Rebecca's beautiful bedroom to the new bride, Maxim's honest statement that he hated Rebecca, and the read between the lines new life discovered before Manderley burns to the ground.  It's not a fast-paced novel, but it is a romantic novel to be read again and again!!"
"I will be passing this on to my granddaughters soon. The genre begun by the author of this book is beyond anything predictable in the 1930's. Never duplicated, this classic is the perfect example of suspense and gathering doom that re-appears with every re-read. It is still in print after so many decades and thrills us every time we go back to that old mansion by the sea."
"I bought this because someone told me if I like Pride and Prejudice, I will love this.  That is not true, the only thing they have in common is that they are in England.  The surprising end to the story is the only reason I liked it."
"Kept you interested and you never even know the heroine's name! Not quite Austen or Bronte (which I prefer), but then the setting is more modern."
"I read that as required reading in high school and remember enjoying it.  I have been reading a lot of British Lit. lately so I decided to reread this classic.  I loved it just as much, if not more, than the first time I read it."
I think this book could be shortened considerably but all in all I enjoyed it very much and the story line kept me intrigued even to the point of a 2 day read.
"I remember reading this story as a teen 70+ years ago.  I was delighted to have access to this novel on my Kindle which is so much easier to handle than my hard-cover copy, the pages now yellowed with age.Thank you Amazon."
"I remember reading Rebecca as a young student. It was my favorite book. I still find it exciting, at the age of 92, and would recommend it to all readers."
"I just spent 4.99 of my holiday gift on this book and for me that's probably equivalent to you dropping a 100 on a purse or tech gadget.  Totally hoard my book allowance for my 'wish list' that is checked regularly for price drops.  But can not wait any longer for this one to get discounted anymore than this - ever since it FINALLY became available in ebook form, I have coveted it mightily!! And want others who haven't to read it - some popular fiction is timeless and I think this is a good example.  I read scifi, dark Icelandic/Scandanavian mysteries, thrillers, dark horror, British village mysteries, urban fantasy - if it's a good book, I'll read it.  Rebecca is a GOOD book.  A superb dark mystery, a shining example of what a good gothic can be, and again, a good old fashioned excellent read.  One of the positive aspects of having parents who were old enough to be my grandparents - both my parents were born at the beginning of the 20th century - they were both readers from a time when books were read by everyone (or someone read it to you) on par with the way we watch tv shows or online podcasts.  They turned me on to some plain old good reads - timeless stories, well written, well researched when needed - tales that picked you up and swept you along until they set you back down with ""the end"".  Rebecca, Something of Value, The Devil's Advocate, Main Street, Tobacco Road, Gone With the Wind, Dragonwyck, The Good Earth, and I could go on and on - and whether you are female or male, if you enjoy a well written story that takes you on a wild ride that sneaks up on you and keeps you on the edge of your seat - read this book!"
"I read Rebecca years ago, and decided to read it again.  It was time to get back to the classics.  Not only did I enjoy it the second time around, but the day after I finished it, we were able to watch the movie from years ago on TV.  Pretty much followed the book except for a few changes.  Great book!"
"A WONDERFUL BOOK I AM SO GLAD IT IS PRINT AGAIN,  WATCHED THE MOVIE SEVERAL TIMES AND IT IS AMAZING HOW CLOSELY THEY STUCK TO THE STORY.  I HOPE YOU WILL BRING BACK A FEW MORE OF HER BOOKS.OLIVE"
"I first read Rebecca in high school in the late 60's and was a fan for life.  The movie with Laurence Oliver and Jane Fontaine was great but cannot compare to the beautiful writing of Daphne du Maurier.  As I read it for only the second time in my life, I marveled that it rang as true to me at age 64 as it did at age 16.  A truly, spell binding book."
"Other than giving this wonderful book the highest rating, I just won't try.  I reread this book every couple of years and it's always like new to me."
Loved the book. Read it as a young person and had forgotten how good it was! So good to go back and reread classics!
Exciting and hard to put down I read the book in 3 readings and I rarely do that however the story was so vivid and I wanted to know where it was going.  One of the best books I have ever read.
"I enjoyed this book.  It moved quickly and there was a lot of twists and turns.  I have reason to believe that modern authors, namely Gillian Flynn,  took some inspiration from this classic.  I can only wish and hope that the de winters lived a happy and uneventful life."
A classic
"Our book club is currently reading this classic, At this time I am not finished yet, I have a little over 100 pages to read and I still don't know ""who done it"". I am very anxious to to to club next month so we can discuss it.  I know we will have a good discussion, it is a great read! I"
Couldn't put it down.
"Before I begin I should mention that I am a patient reader, and you will also need to be patient with this novel, but it is certainly worth it.What begins as a slow, nearly diaphanous novel (in texture), turns into a page turning thriller by the denouement. It's only the first couple of chapters that you must work to get through and then it all becomes easy.I have read this novel 3 times in as many decades (first time as a young teen) and each time I am surprised at how good it really is.A poor, shy, young woman is swept of her feet by a handsome, wealthy man. They marry and move to his estate. But there is more. Much more. How did his previous wife die? And so the story begins. This brilliant story was adapted by Hitchcock to great effect. One of my favourite all time movies, as is the book.This is literature full of gothic atmosphere and excellently crafted language from start to finish. There is romance, jealousy, suspense, murder, mystery and more. Often it is compared to Bronte's ""Jane Eyre"" but they couldn't be more different. The only resemblance is the mansion with its murky secrets. From there on Eyre develops into something quite realistic for the time, by comparison to Rebecca's very creepy and melodramatic fairytale with countless flawed characters. Mrs. Danvers – the intimidating housekeeper – has to be one of the best villains ever.Much of the novel feels as though you are inside a dream.What I find brilliant is that the novel's main character remains nameless throughout, while the novel's title is a name... Rebecca.This book, for me personally, is the benchmark for good literature and it begins with one of the most famous lines:""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.""Enjoy, and be patient. It pays off.Sergiu Pobereznic (author)"
"The only reason I give it 2 stars is the language/prose used definitely evokes imagery. NOTHING happens for the first 175 pages. I had to read a spoiler summary to determine if I should even bother finishing. I did finish, and the ending was so abrupt I couldn't believe it. Yuck. Not my style at all."
"Rebecca is everything a novel should be: intriguing, a bit mysterious, suspenseful, somewhat romantic and written to flow smoothly with pleasing prose, good pacing and thought-provoking scenes that build to a sensational climax. Bittersweet, the resolution is nonetheless satisfying."
"The portrayal of what women had to go through during that time was very subtle, but if you were open to it, magnificent!  The female first person narration, of whose eyes, obviously, it was written, was nameless to give you a hint as to what society thought of women.  But the story itself in so many other ways was compelling and page turning!"
What's needed here is a Reader's Digest version.  Du Maurier just goes on and on and on.  Way more then we need to see how destructive the memory of Rebecca is to the new wife.
"I can see why this book is a cult classic, it's very well written.  I appreciate books that make you think."
"Alfred Hitchcock's 1940 Rebecca remains one of my favorite black and white films; therefore, it is not surprising that when I saw Daphne Du Maurier's novel from which the film is based offered on Kindle, I did not hesitate to buy it. The book does not disappoint. From its opening line, ""Last night I dreamed I went to Manderly again"" to its disturbing conclusion, the novel continues to haunt me. And well it should, since Rebecca is a ghost story, one that should capture the imagination of any discerning lover of the gothic romance genre.Rebecca contains all the elements of great fiction. It evocative setting, seaside Cornwall in southwest England, provides the moody backdrop for a suspenseful plot and unforgettable characters. The unnamed narrator, an insecure young woman newly married to the much older, wealthy Maxim de Winter, narrates the story. Through her hypnotic voice, we learn that their marriage is as cool as de Winter himself, and that it is shadowed by his dead first wife, the charming but wicked Rebecca and by the chilling housekeeper of Manderly, Mrs. Danvers. But no character is more unforgettable than Manderly itself, which is as wild and as lovely as its former mistress. One brilliant image that stays with me is the blood red rhododendrons that guard the entrance to the mansion which startle the narrator ""with their crimson faces, massed one upon the other in incredible profusion, showing no leaf, no twig, nothing but the slaughterous red, luscious and fanastic, unlike any rhododendron plant I had ever seen before."" With images such as this Du Maurier beautifully creates the dark and dangerous world of Manderly and its occupants.However unlike another reviewer who speculates that the book should appeal to young readers and writers, I am not so sure that Rebecca will translate well to a young audience. So much of the novel is slow and seductive in its suspense that I wonder whether they would understand its subtleties, and I doubt whether the shy narrator would hold much interest to an audience who might expect a more assertive heroine. I hope I am wrong, because they would miss a timeless story of romance and revenge--Daphne Du Maurier's Rebecca."
Rebecca had an undefinable vintage writing and story style that pulled me in right away and kept me reading. It's been on my TBR list for years and I'm so glad I finally took the time to discover this amazing book. With all the monsters and paranormal titles these days (of which I have written a few myself) I find the darkness of the mind and soul more nerve-wracking and compelling. I'll be reading more of du Maurier's work!
"A dark Gothic mystery that will have you captivated from beginning to end. A curl up in front of the fire book, one that kept me up to the early hours of the morning reading, and one which I looked forward to picking up each day the way you only can with a great book. I find myself disappointed now that it is over. So what had me hooked? Great storytelling for sure, an almost magical enthralling read, without a doubt, a good dash of darkness and spice and secrets, alongside the fragility of the human spirit,some good plot twists, even if one or two were a bit of a stretch, a layered story, opening the window for the reader into another time and place, the wonderful location of Manderley, the dark west wing and Mrs Danvers, and the ability of the author to brings this world to life and to do so with a firm, delicate, mesmerising hand."
"""Do you think the dead come back and watch the living?"" Welcome to Manderley, where the awkward young bride of a dashing millionaire soon learns that her new home is haunted by a powerful spirit--the ethereal presence of her husband's dead first wife, the fabulous Rebecca, gone but never forgotten. Now, the shadows of the past are closing in on the new Mrs. de Winter, threatening her marriage, her sanity, and even her life.I'm a writer, and this is one of the books that first inspired me to sit down and start writing. I was 15 when I first read it 40 years ago, and I frequently reread it for the sheer pleasure it gives me. Daphne du Maurier's beautiful prose, the fascinating characters, the vivid landscape of coastal Cornwall, and the atmosphere of slowly-building dread make this a one-of-a-kind reading experience, endlessly imitated but never equaled. From its famous opening sentence to its stunning finale, REBECCA is one of the great novels of the 20th century and the ultimate standard of modern Gothic suspense. If you haven't read it yet, what are you waiting for?NOTE TO PARENTS AND TEACHERS: Do you have a teen child/student who's interested in writing? Whenever professional writers gather in groups and discuss the works that most inspired them when they were teens, this book is always one of the first titles mentioned. Recommend it to your budding novelist and see what happens."
This is my Mother's favorite book.  She is now 85 and has trouble reading small print.  The only copies of the novel I could find were in small print and she couldn't find Rebecca on her Kendle.  This was the perfect solution.
"Rebecca is a superb gothic romance/psychological thriller that envelops the reader from the very first page. The narrator (who is never named) comes to Manderly to live as the new bride of Maxim DeWinter, whose first wife Rebecca, has died mysteriously. This darkly haunting, tragic tale held me captive throughout. A story so rich in character and detail, that the reader feels transported to another time and place. The absolute pinnacle to which all other gothic romances must bow."
This is a classic story.  It turned out to be quite a well written mystery.  The only drawback for me was that I thought I was getting a regular size hardcover book.  The book is small (the size of a paperback book) with a hardcover.  I prefer books with larger print.
"This was one of my favorite books from childhood-I read it before I understood what was going on. Then I read it again, when I was older and It has become my favorite book of all time-LOVE IT!"
I ordered Rebecca for a book club read but it did not come in time so I bought a hard copy.  The book itself was fine for that era.
"For an experience just as riveting as reading this book, listen to the audio recording by the superb Anna Massey."
This is a great and spooky tale. I also watched the movie and it stayed quite true to the book. This really sent chills down my spill. It was a haunting yet sad tale. My only problem was that I wasn't too happy with the ending.
"Really enjoyed this book.  Imagery was easily conjured up and couldn't wait to return to reading it.  Also enjoyed the afterward, consolidated and expressed a number of my thoughts from reading this beautiful book."
"I barely made it through this book. It comes so highly recommended, I can't really imagine why. The author writes long tedious descriptions of trees and flowers throughout the book which literally made me scream and almost throw the book away half way through. The best part is the ending, which I will admit had a nice twist (and a relief because it was over).Quality: This printing is awful. It is a tiny little book that resembles a cheap romance novel and it made me feel awkward reading it in public.Pro: I can now speak on the topic of this book when it is brought up in conversation.Con: I want my time and money back."
"In my early 20s, I was much like our heroine, terribly insecure and nervous about what people were saying and thinking behind my back. I remember one time I was at my boyfriend's parents' house and his grandpa took me aside to tell me no one wanted me here and I wasn't welcomed. This was 10 minutes before we were all to leave for dinner. I spent dinner in a complete fog, nearly crying every 5 minutes. Now that I'm 37, I would have probably played the whole think differently. I would have excused myself from dinner feigning a headache, gone home, called up my boyfriend later to talk about what his grandpa said and maybe would have had the common sense to realize that grandpa was in the early stages of Alzheimer's and mistook me for his first wife.But in our teenage years and 20s, everything seemed so different and scary. And there it is, the scenery for our heroine, a world where she feels out of place and unwelcome at every turn. How different this story would be if she had a strong, supportive family member or friend who could encourage her and have her back. Or if she realized her husband could be that person. But what a different story it would make. There are a several instances in which various women in this story comment about themselves or others that they should have been born a man. Is it because men, especially in this age, are armed with the courage and confidence to meet their challenges and difficulties head on?""Rebecca"" is a superbly crafted story, but also a lesson for younger women; you have more strength, ability and fortitude than you realize."
"Just received this and I have been enjoying the high quality of this recording compared to the audiobooks that are available for free online, which are my usual fare.The voice actress here is simply superb! I love her accents (especially Mrs. Van Hopper!) and the way she reads. And the music accompanying the recording is swoon-worthy and matches the feeling of the story perfectly.But. It's abridged! I probably wouldn't have ordered this if I had noticed that earlier. Why abridge such a fabulous production? I also wanted to buy the recording of Jane Eyre by the same reader, but it's abridged too. Alas!"
"Ok, this book wasn't the most wonderful book ever written, but Anna Massey's narration is top notch! She has such a wonderful voice and it suits this book very well.  The story is quite interesting too - a classic for sure. If you have a long, boring drive, make sure to bring this with you and it will go very fast!"
"Bout this for my 13 yr old granddaughter, she loves to read and since this was one of my all time favorite books, I hope she will enjoy it too"
Rebecca is a timeless classic.  I first read Rebecca when I was about 14 and found a copy at the library.  This was a great find that will stay on my bookshelf and be read again and again.
"I loved the movie and loved the book.  There were some things that I found a little frustrating but I'm sure this is because I love the movie version so much.  I found it to be very well written. Definitely left me slightly dissatisfied, wanting more."
I had expected this book to be a full-sized hardcover copy of the novel.  I was disappointed to find that it is merely the paperback with a hard cover. I already own the paperback.
Good book and it arrived quickly and in good shape.  It was a very good book and had to read it for my book club.  Great selection of books on Amazon.
"The writing is excellent and the story line keeps you in suspense.  After reading Du Mauier you know what a good writer can accomplish in creating the mood, bringing you into the setting and involving you in the characters.  I'll never forget Manderley."
The details did not say this was an abridged edition.  i am not familiar with level number meanings.  It would help to describewhat the level five is compared to lower and higher level numbers..
If you like run on sentences with 25 adjectives per sentences you will love this book. Not my thing! Would not recommend.
This is an old novel but I do not remember reading it before.  I thoroughly enjoyedthis book and would highly recommend.
"I expected a boring old-fashioned British nap-time, but found the twists and turns of this tale a quick fun read. I even chose to obtain another book by Du Maurier and see the movie made from this book by yes, Alfred Hitchcock."
"The beginning of the book was just awful and I didn't want to continue reading, but if you keep going it gets a little better towards the middle and end. Needs a better hook"
"Font is tiny, tiny, tiny...don't waste your time ordering this.  I wish I would have ordered e-book.  Really disappointed; the book was needed for one of my children's school assignments during the summer."
Scene dated (if it ever existed) but beautifully written even if main character exaggerated to the point of being highly improbable.  No one could be quite SO gauche and ignorant.  Quite good plot.  A good read but left me strangely unsatisfied.
"You have to go into this book acknowledging that it is a classic. The descriptions are wonderful to paint a beautiful picture yet there is enough mystery to allow you tote your imagination run with it. At first when I began I found it very slow however about 2/3 into the book you find out just why it's a classic and a must read.It takes place during the time when cars needed to be cranked to start.  I can understand why it's a classic.  The descriptions are all quite detailed.  The main plot of the book is about Rebecca, the deceased ex-wife of Maxim DeWinter. The book is written from the point of view of who Maxim meets as a companion to elderly nosy woman in Monte Carlo.  I don't actually believe you ever hear what her name is, only Mrs. De Winter once she and Maxim are wed.  The biggest personality trait that I can see in her is her extreme self loathing at certain points in the book.  It was quite bothersome to me.  She and Maxim meet in Monte Carlo and become sort of companions themselves, very comfortable with each others' company.  We learn that his wife has just recently passed away and he is on holiday following her untimely death.  We know he is a good bit older than his new wife but ages are never really discussed.  Guessing, I would say she's in her late teens or early 20's in the beginning of the book.  Maxim owns somewhat of a famous estate known as Manderley in England.  It is known for its lavish parties/balls and gardens.  After they are married and have gone on honeymoon, they return to Manderley.  She feels as an intruder there, and even the servants make her feel less than welcome and more like an outsider.  The book depicts their lives together once they are married."
Love this story - very readable and different yet could happen today. Definitely worth a read. The characters were likable and the suspense was well done.
"I absolutely loved this book. In my opinion, it is an absolutely perfectly crafted gothic novel. It is dark and mysterious, with an air of the supernatural surrounding Manderley and all that goes on there...as if the entire estate is infused with Rebecca's presence. I love the insular, nearly claustrophobic nature of the book. Du Maurier does a superb job of making every element of the novel feel like it is cut off from the outside world - Manderley itself, the cove, the boat, Mrs. Danvers, even the relationship between Maxim & the second Mrs. de Winter. The occasional interactions with those outside of Manderley are exhausting and fraught with anxiety, and though Mrs. Danvers casts a pall over the second Mrs. de Winter's existence at Manderley, she & Maxim both always seems relieved to recede back into their private life there.That the second Mrs. de Winter's name is never revealed is a very effective way of illustrating her second tier status with regard to everyone except Maxim himself. She allows herself to be pushed around and insulted by Mrs. Van Hopper, and feels it necessary to sneak around with Maxim de Winter to avoid Mrs. Van Hopper's rude comments and judgmental attitude. When she arrives at Manderley, she is so intimidated by the illusion of Rebecca that she appears incapable of asserting herself and making Manderley hers. She endures Mrs. Danvers' incivility and subtle evil to the point that I as the reader wanted to shake her until her bones rattled.Although the entire novel is compelling, it is the second half that is full of the unexpected. The unraveling of the truth of Rebecca's demise and the subsequent revelations related to that are done in a way that hold's the reader in suspense until the very end. Du Maurier had an impeccable eye for the mysterious and inexplicable, and she created a dynamic story of unparalleled suspense that culminates in a hugely satisfying way because it is both characteristically plausible and yet completely unforeseen. Outstanding in every detail."
"This is a beautifully written classic. The mystery within a mystery was captivating and the thick underlying tension that runs throughout was gripping.  I loved the marvelous way Daphne du Maurier depicted the time period and how she wonderfully highlighted it with all the pomp and circumstance of the day.  The characters were all very refined and their personalities were truly genuine and believable, I really felt connected and engrossed with them and this great story.The narration was top notch and am looking forward to listening to more of Anna Massy's work. Highly recommend this enchanting book."
"I originally saw this book on a list of 100 Best Books of All Time.  I would not recommend it to ANYONE.  The book has a very thin plot line.  The prose is weak and uncomfortable to read.  The characters are one dimensional and not at all plausible as actual people. There is a Big Secret which comes out close to the end of the book but I had to make my way through many poorly written, dull pages in order to find the secret out.  The book is supposed to be a Thriller but it isn't (by today's standards).  I've decided not to finish reading it.  I was so astonished at how bad the book was that I started browsing information and criticism concerning the author.  One site said that in her day Daphne Du Maurier was considered a ""plonk"" writer.  Another site said that the book had been in print for 80 years and had sold many, many thousands of copies.  Despite this the site said the prose was poor and ""did not stand up"" to the thriller aspect of the book.  This book is a waste of time."
"I've read about this as sort of an early version of horror, but it's more ""psychological tension.""  Feels silly to critique the writing much since it was written in such a different era where different things were expected."
"I love hardback books and that is what you sent, even though it is a very old classic ! Thank you !"
I read this novel every few years.  I am always transported to the scene and find myself walking with the characters and often residing in their minds as well.  Always a pleasure!!
"Having paid a fortune on buying the Kindle addition of 30 shades of gray, and being disgusted with the quality of writing and plot. I decided to remebered old favorites"
"""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again""....A strong opening line that many have heard, even without reading the book.Rebecca is one of those ""classic"" novels that no one I know in person has heard of, yet is apparently famous. After reading it, I see there's a good reason it should be so. Sometimes the aged style wilts the book slightly, although it's marvelously gothic. Wicked suspense permeates the second half, with ample emotional wrenching being present in the beginning. The first chapter is the toughest as it primarily deals with just description for many pages, but after this it goes smoother.Overall the writing is stunning. DeMaurier has a special knack of poetically weaving together dreamy-like sequences. It's easy to relate to the cloud-climbing protagonist simply because your own head finds its easier to seek this mindset after enough flowing of the author's words. It's a unique style that stands out and takes the breath away some. When action is fierce I at times wish some of the rambling fantasizing would cease, but for the most part it's absent when it should be. I'm curious on reading more with this author, she really was quite talented.As for the plot, it's purely gothic. The protagonist is not a typical headstrong individual, but rather a more submissive, inexperienced young woman, unsure of her confidences. Rather than having a stunning beauty, she is plain and unadorned, not caring for hair fashions and clothing. It's alluded to the fact of how plain she is, and how she minds this, but it is not a stumbling block for long. The ending of the novel is a cliffhanger of sorts, even if we can surmise what has happened from the opening chapters. It is a hectic, frantic rush of an ending in the last paragraphs, leaving off with an ominous and unsettled feeling, which pretty much sums up this entire book.I dug Maxim, at times he was aloof and cold but I found him intriguing. The infamous Mrs. Danvers was mad and dominating without the author having to put too much obviousness into play. Really, the maids presence does not take up too much page time, but still manages to be present somehow in the mind of the protagonist and readers, nice. Supporting characters are sympathetic and enjoyable props to the heroine's trials.Anxious to read the sequel and hope it's just as good. This is a classic that you shouldn't pass up, especially if you are into the gothic trend."
"Good old-fashioned classic.  Then look at the Hitchcock version of the story, free on U tube. Excellent depiction of the characters."
I received a used copy of this book and it was in perfect condition. The book itself is absolutely amazing. It's not difficult to read either. I was never bored when I read this.
"Another world entirely, the author bought you there so well.  A real page turner near the end, with some twists I didn't see coming."
"Received the book quickly. It is in perfect shape, looks brand new. It is a nice quality as to paper and binding. The book is a great read."
It had several spots that wouldn't play however they didn't seem to be in significant parts of the book.  I thought it was expensive for such an old book.
"It's been a lot of years since I had read this book, so I choose it for our book club. It was worth it. I never realized that the girl that reveals what Rebecca is like is never named in the book. No wonder I always identified with her. Clever writing well defined characters."
"This book was recommended by a friend. It's one I would have overlooked, as I've never read a Gothic novel before, and being a classic, I would have assumed it had ""proper"" language and a slow story line. What a nice surprise! I give this 4 1/2 stars. I can always tell how much I like an audio book by how excited I am to get into the car, and how reluctant I am to leave the vehicle when I arrive at my destination. With this audio book, I was eager to get into the car, and reluctant to turn off the engine (and therefore the sound system) at my destinations.This book is timeless, and was a magical stroll to another place and era. The descriptions of Manderley, the mansion estate where the characters reside, were poetic and I could smell the salty air and the garden as they walked through. The surprises that come up in the book make for interesting twists, and what you think might be the trouble ends up taking a hairpin turn in the book.I listened to the Audible audio book version of this story, and the narrator, Anna Massey, is a superb actress, just superb. She really brought the characters to life with her energetic voice changes and animated storytelling. She made the antagonists deliciously deviant with her powerful voice alterations.This was my first Daphne Du Maurier book, and now I have been so inspired that I feel I *need* to re-enter her world, and I look forward to the next book of hers that I've downloaded, Jamaica Inn.Highly recommended. This was a fun experience. You become another era, another world, and find that they had just as many troublemakers then as we do today."
I loved the screen version of Rebecca.  The paperback version of this book was of such a poor quality I threw it away.  I have never thrown a book away!
This book had me on the edge of my seat until the end. This is a love story with suspense. I highly recommend it.
"This is one of my all-time favorite books, and is on my ""Re-read"" list.  I ordered it and it came on time, in good condition, packaged well.  I returned it and got immediate credit from AMazon.The reason for the return is that the book itself is very small, and the print is so small I would require a magnifier to read it.  I am sure I can find a book with regular size print."
"Narrated in the first person by an unnamed woman, Daphne du Maurier's novel ""Rebecca"" is as haunting as its namesake. This classic is the story of a naïve young woman who discovers that her husband has a few skeletons in the closet. It is a gothic psychological tale, the plot structure of which is both circular and Aristotelian because it begins and ends with the same scene and yet the rest of the story is one chronological flashback which reaches a climax and then quickly unfolds in the denouement. A general lack of defining time period elements adds to the timelessness and lasting quality of ""Rebecca,"" and the novel's horror is subtle yet lasting, particularly as du Maurier includes various plot twists which enhance the overall impact of the work.From a reader's perspective, enjoyment of the novel may be somewhat compromised by the narrator, who is often childish and neurotic. The other characters, while arguably static, each possess a telling personality that, when combined, increase the tale's existing tension. The story itself proceeds rather slowly until the pivotal revelation is made at the end of chapter nineteen, although du Maurier skillfully infuses details--the importance of which become evident during the final scenes of the story--with an evocatively gothic atmosphere of dread."
"A good reprinted copy, but was advertised as a 1938 edition. It is actually a 1971 Avon reprint. The book is a great book to read, but I was looking for the 1938 first edition.I also purchased another copy that IS a 1938 first edition; however, it was listed as ""good"" condition and I would have only given it a fair as the slip cover was significantly eaten bt mice and the binding also shows signs of the same  treatment. Obviously this book had been forgotten in someone's attic and sold off by heirs."
This was a book my daughter needed for school and It arrived on time and it was just like it was described.
"This book grips you from the start! It has all the elements of a true drama; mystery, love, crime, secrets and unforgettable characters. I love gothic novels and an aspect of them I truly love is that the houses these stories are set in are living breathing characters and at times can be more important to the story than any of the characters. As much as I loved this book I do have an issue with books that have no positive female figures. Daphne Du Maurier is certainly not the only author guilty of this but it remains frustrating. The protagonist is such a meek, weak, compliant woman that she isn't even worthy of having a name. Though I must say this could have been done on purpose - to illustrate just how different she is from her rival. Which brings me to Rebecca - Rebecca is a mean, calculating and promiscuous woman. Why is it that women in literature can't be well-rounded, multi-dimensional people. Either they are happy home-makers or sex-crazed villains or whatever other sterotypes the author feels like perpetuating. Now you're probably wondering why I gave this book such a good rating! This book truly deserves it's modern classic status and will have you on the edge of your seat until the very last page."
"There's a common stigma among the younger generation that older books equate to boring books. An unfortunate interpretation, not helped by a poor choice of mandatory books throughout school.I believe ""Rebecca"" disproves such misgivings about older literature. Although the book itself is not that old, it was not written in the past decade and thus not on the radar of many who are around my age, being in my early 20s. That being said, I HIGHLY recommend this to absolutely anyone, of any age, of any gender. It has its moments of hilarity, suspense, and occasional romance. I personally think it is a strange (but wonderful!) mix of Downton Abbey and a hint of CSI.  This is an absolute MUST read. One of the best books I have read yet."
"I LOVE this book ""Rebecca"" I must have read the book 15 times or more, and have enjoyed it as an audio book as well.  Never ceases to please me when I have time to read."
"In 8th grade my World Literature teacher, Mrs. Knapp, gave the class three books to choose from for our final reading assignment that year: 1984, Ivanhoe, or Rebecca. The boys all chose 1984, the girls all chose Rebecca. No one chose Ivanhoe (too long!). Thank goodness for Mrs. Knapp (she also assigned Jane Austen's Pride & Prejudice that year, inspiring my lifelong Jane Austen fanatacism)! Rebecca grabbed hold of me with its mystery, beautifully descriptive writing, and nameless heroine. I've read it several times since that first time in 8th grade and I always enjoy it anew. Manderley has come to be very familiar to me, I can picture perfectly its lodge gates, its winding drive, its rose garden, its rooms, the Happy Valley and the small cove. The idea of Manderley is so romantic but always with a little bit of dread. It's not only the second Mrs. De Winter who dreams about Manderley, I, the reader, have dreamed about it too."
"How can anyone who is a reader not remember, or know, the first line of this wonderful book' Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again'!A fascinating woman, Daphne Du Maurier, who has written a book that you cannot put down. Not written in today's style but involving a woman of an era where the husband is the stronger of a married couple and women were more afraid of standing out or standing up for unusual ideas. It's funny, interesting that you never learn the present wife's name even though she is writing the story.She is a shy, young woman who meets a much older man who's wife has just died. They marry quickly and return to his glorious house 'Manderley'. This is where she learns the story Rebecca, his previous wife, and how she died. She is younger than any of his friends and has never had to socialize or run a house that size with many servants. The housekeeper is one of the main characters and you soon learn she doesn't like the present mistress.Definitely read this book."
"What is it? A ghost story? A romance? A mystery? Well, it's all of them. Never were the three genres pulled together so cleanly and seamlessly than in Daphne Du Maurier's inimitable opus REBECCA.The fact that the story is written partially in dream and entirely in retrospect is what makes the reader float from page to page in a hypnotic state. Beginning with our protagonist recounting a recent dream, she explains what her life has come to after she and her decidedly older husband are forced to leave their old life behind under unexplained circumstances. Instantly we are drawn into her dream as she walks us gingerly through a long-since-trodden path leading to the abandoned ruins of their estate, Manderley. Leaving us just short of knowing anything about her life, she jumps over to what actually happened to lead up to her dream. Starting as a small, meek girl vacationing in France with her immodest employer, Mrs. Van Hopper, she meets Maxim De Winter, the most talked-about widower among gossipy socialites. They quickly fall in love, get married and he whisks her off to Manderley, the source of his demons; namely, his late wife Rebecca, who appears to our protagonist to have been the perfect lady and the perfect wife until the day she drowned. Feeling overshadowed, she resolves to find out what it was about Rebecca that left Manderley and Maxim in shambles after her death. She doesn't realize that being the new mistress of Manderley automatically makes her an enemy to Rebecca's devoted maid, Mrs. Danvers, who may turn out to be one of the most formidable villains ever printed on paper. The plot continues to confound itself with increasing anxiety on the protagonist's part, Maxim's spiraling depression and dejection, Mrs. Danvers' hateful jealousy, unwanted visitors, and an inquest into what really happened the night Rebecca was lost at sea. And through it all, with Du Maurier's impeccable style, you always know that somehow Rebecca is watching from beyond the grave.What starts out as a glamorous love story turns into a battle with a dead person whose life force hasn't quite given up yet. Though the plot sounds dark, the intensity of the pacing increases at just the right times to keep you interested. The protagonist's development over the course of the novel is inspired. Every word fits perfectly with the rest of them. Du Maurier has woven a beautiful fabric of splendor with this unsurpassable work of literature.In short, READ IT."
"I first got to know du Maurier by her book My cousin Rachel and was very impressed with her suspension of the story till of the end. This one is good but it's a gamble by a poor girl, in a companionship position, to be asked to marry a rich stranger. So the suspicion that something was amiss can be had by readers from the beginning."
Great book with suspense and a sense of eeriness all the way through. The extract at the end was very interesting and thought provoking in regards the author.
"A very old novel but very well written, and the author is very good with capturing the moment and the thought process involved."
One of my very favorite books ever!
This is the version to get!!  The other Kindle book that is listed with the author's name in all capital letters is more like Cliff Notes.  I bought that one first to save some money.  Big mistake!  Then I bought this version.
"Well, I hadn't read this in over 50 years, and my opinion hasn't changed.  The book is overwrought and under-edited.  For the life of me I can't figure out why it has such a following.  None of the characters are likable enough to care about; the writing is sophomoric; the story is pure soap opera.  I only read it again because my book club was revisiting it."
Excellent read!
I could not stop reading this book. Loved it. It left me thinking about it long after I was done.
"This passionate, gothic romance will appeal to people who loved Jane Eyre.  It’s a thoughtful, beautifully written novel about honesty and finding yourself."
This is my favorite book. Always will be!
"Loved this book! It started off slow, but around chapter 8 it started to pick up and the plot twists kept me on the edge of my seat. I didn't want to put the book down!"
It deserves it's reputation.
"I first read Daphne duMaurier's ""Rebecca"" as a teenager: the first real grown-up ""thriller"" in my life. I must have re-read it at least 20 times over the last 30 years, and have never tired of it. What an evergreen work of genius!"
Great Gothic romance/mystery.  Our local book club discussed this book and we all gave it 5's.  Loved it - twists and turns great
My book was used and had it's on commentaries written in the book ...loved it!!Such innocentance and worldly traits at the same time.
"It's strange how your perspective changes as you grow older. I first read this as a teenager and saw Max as the quintessential hero tall, handsome and urbanne. But with the second reading I saw Max in a very different light. Even Mrs Danvers the epitome of gothic evil I now see in a somewhat different light.  The story is told from the second Mrs de Winters POV.  With this reading I couldn't take her perspective as being reliable, she was completely overshadowed by RebeccaThere is a lot to love about this wonderful mystery. The stage is set with the classic opening line, ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again""....It has a wonderful air of dark, dreamy foreboding and suspense. A true classic."
"I enjoyed Daphne Du Maurier's style of writing.  She made the pages come alive as the story unfolded.  Couldn't put it down.  While reading, I kept wondering who played these parts in the movie....next purchase, the movie!"
"Please note, this review concerns the Avon Books hardcover edition. It is not a  review of the book itself.This classic Daphne du Maurier pot boiler deserves far better treatment than this over-priced, poorly manufactured hardcover pocket edition. Blurred, tiny type on the lowest quality paper and a cut-rate cover (the printing on the back cover isn't even straight!) combine to make this only slightly better than a well-used pocket paperback. Twelve bucks for this?  To paraphrase the second Mrs. de Winter, ""... luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands, but this piece of crap was a bloody rip off."""
Love this book.  I have read it several times in my life.  Very sorry that I could not get it on a kindle version.
The book is out of print a book I started reading in high school over30 years ago and never finished always bothered me.  Now I have found it and can't wait to read it!
"I am an avid reader, a couple of books a week.  I am not sure how many times I have read Rebecca, and I can still read it again.  I think it is probably one of the best written books ever, the content, the writing, the tension, the characters - just superb.  It is the complete package.  Some contemporary writers could learn a lot by reading Daphne du Maurier's works.  Not to undermine contemporary writers because a lot of them are terrific.  She also wrote one of my favourite short stories, ""The Old Man.""  If you have not read it, do so and let your mouth fall open at the conclusion!"
"An old type story so well written that it stayed in my mind when I wasn't reading it.  I got the video after reading the story... of course, it wasn't as good, although enjoyable...."
This is one of my  best enjoyed books. Gripping story and well written. Daphne Du Maurier's classic is a must read
"My son had to read this classic for school. I was worried that it may not follow the movie but it did so perfectly. Great book, and a timeless classic. A must read."
"""Moonlight can play odd tricks upon the fancy, even upon a dreamer's fancy. As I stood there, hushed and still, I could swear that it was not an empty shell but lived and breathed as it had lived before.""Rebecca has become one of my favorites, with its heavy atmosphere and setting, mood, its building suspense and tension, and its slowly but effectively told plot. While reading I was reminded of Bronte's Jane Eyre, as it has many similar elements and qualities. However, I think that the biggest difference lay in the main protagonist. Jane is clearly the star of Bronte's novel, showing a strength, resolve and independence that is admirable. Here, in Rebecca, it's not any one person, but Manderley itself that holds influence over all. No, not the mousy narrator, nor ghostly Rebecca, nor sinister Mrs. Danvers, not even complicated, brooding Maxim hold more power than Manderley. Manderley creeps into the conscience of all, having a life of its own. It is a symbol of all the mystery within the novel.The plot is not complicated, yet the mysteries that come to the surface make it entertaining, and the author does an excellent job of withholding key information to keep us guessing. A young, inexperienced, naïve, young woman marries Maxim De Winter, a mysterious man whose wife had died a year earlier. Stepping into grand Manderlay, our unnamed narrator is clearly in over her head. Within her own mind, she has an overly romanticized image of what life and marriage will be like within these walls. In truth, she barely knows Maxim, and certainly doesn't know the many other secrets that surround the estate. Manderley is an immense residence, a sprawling estate, and Maxim's new wife, who comes from a humble, lower class background, is overwhelmed with her new role. She must learn how to manage the place, entertain guests, be the proper host, and, in short, be the new Mrs. De Winter. These are big shoes, indeed, though and she is constantly reminded that she isn't the other Mrs. De Winter. She's no Rebecca, seems to be the whispered word from the servants and guests. As Maxim's sister Beatrice reminds the new Mrs. De Winter, ""you are so very different from Rebecca."" For Rebecca De Winter is seemingly more alive than dead, and makes her presence felt. As the narrator tries to adjust to her new life, she learns more about Maxim, Rebecca, and the many secrets from years past.Another place where De Mauerier excels is in the timing and pacing. What would a Gothic, atmospheric story be without key, unforeseen and unexpected shifts and twists? There are a few key shifts that throw us off a bit and come unexpected. Things aren't always exactly as they seem; neither are people. There's also a level of ambiguity about the passage of time and the world between life and death. This is especially evident when the narrator explores the very rooms that Rebecca lived in, the very clothes that she wore, the bed she slept in, even the notebook that she wrote in. It seems that Rebecca is all around.Rebecca is simply an amazing novel, and a definite read for a rainy, dreary, cold night by the fireside. Also, there is an excellent film version done by Hitchcock (although the plot is altered somewhat).Definitely recommended!"
"The print is thick and spacing between lines is narrow.The binding is tight and the print is too close to the margins, almost like a high school novel that is actually a paperback witha hard cover."
"When I was first assigned to read this book for an English assignment, I was far from ecstatic. I had a vague idea of what this Gothic romance was about, and I didn't interest me at all. But upon opening up the book it was hard to put down. The mystery and shady nature of the characters was enough to capture my attention, and the dark imagery just sealed the deal. Rebecca is one of the few books that I have considered reading again."
"The young and shy narrator, formerly humbly employed as a lady's companion, seems to have a dream future ahead of her when, after a whirlwind romance lasting only weeks, she becomes the new Mrs De Winter and the new lady of the imposing Manderley Hall.She is haunted by the memory of Maxim's first wife Rebecca and this, in itself, is both subtly and spookily rendered by Du Maurier but I think it was the overbearing and somewhat tortuous psychological bullying from Manderley's housekeeper, Mrs Danvers, who struck a chord of fear in me.Consumed with jealousy, Mrs Danvers is 'missile launched' to reek maximum unhappiness on the new Mrs de Winter by constantly trying to brainwash the latter into a recognition that the young Mrs de Winter is an 'intruder', not only in Manderley but most significantly in her widowed husband's life, where only the memory of Maxim's first wife, Rebecca, belongs. Indeed, spiritually, if not in apparitional presence, Rebecca is still the lady of the house and still the real love of Maxim's life.Perhaps the sixty-four thousand dollar question is whether, under the combined pressures of the psychological manipulation from Danvers and the 'presence' of Rebecca, the increasingly remote Maxim will totally lose his love of his troubled new wife, or whether later revelation of Manderley's secret will save their marriage."
"The story of Rebecca is beautifully told. However, I found myself a little confused over the ending (don't worry-- I won't give spoilers here), and I spent a lot of the book frustrated with the protagonist (the unnamed second wife after ""Rebecca""). Read Frenchman's Creek instead."
"nothing special. Took me few pages to get use to the style of writing. Overall is OK, specially if you are keen on long descriptions of scenery and such."
This book was my type of book - classic and elegant - the suspense was low-key but smooth flowing andthe characters took on a life of their own
"An oldie but goodie.  Written by the same, extraordinarly talented author of ""The Birds.""  Exquisite details in this book and I would highly recommend this read.  Have passed this on to others ... and they feel the same way..."
"lRECEIVED THE BOOK IN GOOD TIME BUT WAS TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS SO CALLED HARDCOVER? IT WAS THE SAME SIZE AS A PAPERBACK , THE PAPER WAS POOR QUALITY AND SMALL PRINT. HAVE ALWAYS BEEN SATISFIED WITH AMAZON, BUT NOT THIS TIME."
"The writing , especially the descriptions was exquisite.  The characters all seemed very real and the story developed very well."
My favourite book of all time! Will download all DdM's books on Kindle as I can afford them! A wonderful story!
Very funny looking book! Ridiculouse to be exact for a hardcover. The book is tiny with poor quality paper and font; seems shortened in the content. The regular size book is over 400 pages but this looks like a preteen version of the actual one. I have read this book before and wanted a nice hardcover for my library but didn't even attemp to read this to make sure the content is similar; it's that low quality. Don't waste your money.
"People rave on about Bronte, Austen and Dickens all the time. I'm sure that one day, Du Maurier will be up there with the best of them. People seem to forget the power of Du Maurier's works.Rebecca is an amazing novel that will grab you by the throat and drag you along for the whole, terrible ride. The way Du Maurier writes is so vivid that you can almost feel the craziness going on around you.If you liked Rebecca, I recommend Frenchman's Creek as well."
"I like the trade paperback size, and I was surprised and delighted to find additional material at the end of the book: a letter from duMaurier about writing the novel, information about the real house that inspired Manderley, and the original epilogue from the novel.  This edition would be an excellent choice for a book club."
A fabulous re-read. Good writing doesn't date and Daphne de Maurier is a master at the art of gripping the reader in a finely-worded tale.
"I have not read the book yet, but I am very disappointed in the quality of the book, it's junk; I bought the hard back to add to my library. The print is tiny and goes from the top of the page, I mean the leading edge of the top of the page. Several of the pages are skewed and print is blurry. Do not buy this edition of this book."
"I wouldn't have even given this product a star...I am mainly writing as to the Quality of it.  I was terribly DISAPPOINTED.  They said the product was a hardbound book...it was - but with inferior cardboard and the front pages were stuck to the cover, didn't even represent a book of ANY masterpiece.  I paid over $11 for this and I had purchased another to my mind (Masterpiece - The Count of Monte Cristo) and the book was wonderfully bound, uneven pages, quiet like an old book, amazing, for $7.95.  I love this story (Rebecca) but who ever made this product should not show it again.  Amazon if your reading, DO NOT get product from this vendor again!"
It was very nice to purchase a hardcover of this book but the size was that of a paperback. The print was very small and difficult to read.
"Rebecca by Daphne Du Maurier is about a widower who marries a young, naïve woman and brings her to his estate called Manderley, where an unfamiliar world of servants and social expectations await her. The new Mrs. de Winter tries to fit in but quickly finds out it is not what she thought it would be. Mrs. Danvers, housekeeper and devotee to the late Rebecca de Winter, does not make her life easy. Eventually we discover more about the mysterious Rebecca and what happened to her. It's a classic and great read. It was so good that I broke my own rule of never re-reading a book (too many books and too little time). Never is a very strong word. This book broke the mold. I did read it again and loved it even more than the first time! This time I appreciated not only the story, but Daphne Du Maurier's writing style"
Lovely read..... Easy to pick up and get lost in the text. Lost a star as the ending was a bit disappointing!
"I have been reading this book with a mixture of annoyance and expectation. Probably this was the aim of the writer, because even if this nameless main character reveals herself as an extremely weak and complaining woman you cannot help but keep on reading to see how it ends. There is the husband, Maxim, who apparently seems to be cold and detached, but you somehow feel that something is killing him from the inside. Mrs. Denvers, on the other hand, is a woman you cannot find hard to hate. She is the devil behind a servant's eyes; the obsessed and crazy character. It is basically the story of abovementioned woman, who marries Maxim: a very rich widower and moves to his estate, Manderly to be confronted with the memory of his beautiful and successful deceased wife, Rebecca. After enduring her crazed self-pity for half of the book, sympathizing with the husband, who is not rejecting her despite of her unbelievably moaning and childish behaviour; while hoping that Mrs, Danvers falls down the stairs breaking her neck, the reader finally comes to the last couple of chapters and the story gets interesting. You end up eating the last pages like you are starving only to be confronted with a quite dull end. I am quite disappointed by this book."
"GREAT - Watched it several times, It's a Classic! Can't say much more about it...except they should make more moveis like it,"
"I loved the story Rebecca because it sets a mood (uneasyness), and sets different scenes which are described in detail. I could almost draw the house and its many rooms. The story shows a lifestyle that has gone and will never return. The themes are trust, communication and evil."
"This book is a true gem. But I warn you, you need a brain to enjoy it. Not just any brain will do. You must be able to transport yourself to another time, to enjoy richly woven suspenseful tales which make you feel as though you are in the same room indulging your sense of smell in the heady bouquets of roses, bluebells, hydrangeas, and rodedendrons. You must be able to feel as a young, naive, unworldly,  penniless  girl in the twenties would feel. A girl with no family and no experience with the world. You must believe things were different in that time. I am firmly convinced the one star reviewers lack such a brain. This would explain their ignorance. Oh and those one star reviews because the page was torn or the print too small. Hmmm do you review such things? Save that for e-mail correspondence with the seller or Amazon. That is the proper channel for those - just throws off the curve wouldn't you say? Pick up this book and be prepared to be transported. To those of you who've trashed it with a one star review .... Shame on you. Just because you lack the intelligence to enjoy the gift you were given, don't spoil it for those with a literary brain who would treasure the the fabulous book that is......Rebecca.UPDATE: I admit my review was a little snarky. I won't change it because there were other reviews that bashed my review and to change my review would make theirs seem strange.....My apologies, I'm very sorry! I was really aiming my review at some of the 1 star reviews which were written by (it seems) people who trashed it only because they could not see the heroine acting in such a way. As I said it was written in and about a different time and about a girl who was taught to be subservient and not to think for herself. As one of my favorite authors once said.... the reader must be willing to suspend disbelief for a moment or two and the author must congratulate that with a tale worth telling! That being said I apologize for my snarkiness. I must have been in a mood that day! LOl Ah well it made for some great conversations!!"
This is a classic book everyone should read. What a beautifully written and engaging piece of writing!  This is likely one of my top five most loved books ever. Read it and you'll see what I mean!  I do wish it was available as an e-book.
"I loved the exquisite language from an author of the past.  The words, the sentence structure had me hanging on every word. If you like a mystery, it is definitely a must read."
"The book Rebecca is a classic and needs no review. This review is for the used book company, Book Hounds, that sold this first edition volume of Rebecca. The company, Book Hounds, a seller of used books through Amazon, even wrapped the book for giving as a gift without being asked. The book came on time, in exactly its described condition. I completely recommend this seller for hardbound, collector type book buying through your Amazon account."
"This was required reading for a feminine gothic class and I loved it! The story is timeless and relevant in any century. The language isn't like it would be in a Jane Austen novel, so that makes it easy to read and understand. The writing and plot is scandalous. I would encourage any woman or young woman to read this novel over the swill (that shall remain nameless) that is being published now."
It was a slow and mildly interesting book.
A TRUE CLASSIC IN EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD.  I HAVE READ AND RE-READ THIS OVER THE YEARS AND ENJOY IT EVERY TIME.
"I did not enjoy the 1st read until I read the last chapter then finished.  But after finishing it, I read the first half again and LOVVED it."
Excellent writing.  Was not not aware that she wrote THE BIRDS.  I enjoyed the novel so much that I researched the author and purchased a book of her short stories that included the short story THE BIRDS which Hitchcock based his classic movie on and Kindle edition of MY COUISIN RACHAEL.  I'm a big fan of gothic period novels set in Europe and I think this genre would appeal to readers who enjoy taking the time to absorb the chapters.
This classic still holds up!
"One of my favorites. Love books with flawed, believable characters and great plot twists. They are to be found here."
DNF 55%Never understood the hype around this. It's like a Mills & Boon with suspense. Poor girl marries rich guy who is a domestic violence sh*it bag.
Great book
"Rebecca is a classic story that never gets old. It's a fantastic story of Maxim DeWinter and how he brings his new bride home to his estate. Maxim is deeply troubled by his deceased ex-wife who is Rebecca. The story has an evil house keeper who I'll never forget, Mrs. Danvers. If you like gothic mysteries with a love story such as books by Mary Stewart or Victoria Holt you will love this book. If you don't know these authors but you like historical thrillers I highly recommend Rebecca!"
"I just finished this book again. I loved it just as much as the first time that I read it. Classic, wonderful story!"
"This item was listed as a hardcover book but it was actually a paperback version that had a hard cover put on it.  When I order a book that is listed as a hardcover, I expect it to be a full-size hardcover copy."
I had seen the film so many times that I decided that it was time to read the book.  I enjoyed the book as much as the film.  I am looking forward to reading more of Du Maurier's work.
Print too small for me to read.  Not what I thought I was ordering.  I should have returned it.  I ordered another copy from Target with normal print.
"I had to read this for Literature by Women in college.  It's frustrating to read because the main chracter doesn't havea name, plus she complains a lot. It doesn't get interesting til around the 17th chapter or later.  The end leaves you in suspense which is frustrating too."
"Spoilers WithinThis is an extremely well written and crafted story. At times it literally shimmers, in particular passages describing isolated moments in time. These brilliantly capture those momentary life fragments we want not only to preserve and treasure, but to constantly relive. Daphne du Mauriers' portrayals of the luxurious vegetation at Manderley resonate with sensuousness.Our narrator (whose name we never know - and I assume this to be deliberate?!), her husband Maxim, and the deceased Rebecca are the main characters - but I would say we feel mostly for our narrator. I kind of see Mrs Danvers as being Rebecca - or the ghost of Rebecca. There is a taunt tension throughout.Before I start to be critical I do want to emphasize that I enjoyed ""Rebecca"" immensely - the writing, for the most part, is enthralling. It was a pleasant reading experience.However there were aspects that irked me. I did find it somewhat long and stretched out. The self-effacing timidity of our main protagonist became overwrought about mid-way through the reading - one almost wants to shake her and yell ""Get some back-bone girl, and stop blaming yourself for everything!!"".  And what a cold, uncaring fish this Maxim is! He has absolutely no radar for his wife's predicament.Until Favell appeared, the narrative was rather prudish - as if these people never took their clothes off. The last one hundred pages with Favell were a relief in providing needed humour and were a contrast to the first three-quarters of the book. The trial of the ""rich Maxim"" was a travesty of justice - the rich can get away with anything!The passages best summing up this romantic thriller (from page 244, chapter eighteen of my edition):""I could fight the living but I could not fight the dead... But Rebecca would never grow old. Rebecca would always be the same... She was too strong for me"""
"This book was recommended to me as "" The Romantic Novel "" to read. And as the Author says in the after word of the book, a reader can see it in two ways, romantic and thought provoking. I am one of the latter. It reminds one, that many years ago, a relationship was not just "" red roses and sunshine"" . That marrying into a certain social society was harsh. The book had a good twist, good story, was very descriptive and one got feel what the character went through.... Reading the afterword, gives one a better sense of what Daphne Du Maurier was accomplishing with the book."
"I love this author.  Great writing, great story.  Thanks Amazon for a great price.  I am now reading du Maurier's other books.  She has that effect on the reader......"
"Can you believe it?  A hardback is supposed to be a special edition, not a cheap paperback.  Of course my girlfriend opened her gift to find the pages were cut off along the top.  Hard to believe."
This novel is one of my lifetime favorites.  I havre read the book 3 times.  I purchased this copy because my local library did not have a copy any longer.
A wonderful book for many audiences - a mysterious tale that changes with you as you grow and re-read. Beautifully written
"This book is an exciting read. It is full of suspense and keeps you wondering about this mysterious, yet seemingly perfect Rebecca. With many twists you won't see coming, it is definitely an interesting book to read. Its not out right scary, but it does leave you with an uneasy feeling."
This is classic Victorian Gothic. The estate of Manderley is more like a character.  Richly descriptive.  Very easy to get lost in!
This book came in as I had expected it too be as well as on time! Very happy with this purchase!!
"I bought the book used and in ""fair"" condition - and it was in better shape than I anticipated.  It was almost great having the binding already bent and ready to settle in for the read.  This book is WONDERFUL.  I couldn't put it down.  Got it for a book club and loved every minute of it.  I'd recommend it - and definitely would trust the site with a used book."
"Based off the amazon.com description, I thought I had a pretty good idea of what this story would entail.I was wrong.Daphne du Maurier threw out some shockers with Rebecca. Where I got the idea there was an actual ghost involved, I have no clue. Maybe because it was written in 1938.It took me about three chapters to get into the story and then came page 264. What I read on this page may have been the greatest shock of my book reading life.After page 264 I read for 4 hours straight, forgoing dinner because I HAD TO FINISH. I was still in shock after  I finished it.Without giving too much away (because you should really read it), I'll say just a few more things:I wanted to punch Mrs. Danvers in the face the entire book (I hated her character almost as much as Dolores Umbridge from Harry Potter)I thought the development of the new Mrs. de Winters was fantastic (she annoyed the heck out of me for quite a while)I'm a fan of BeatriceI'm still in shock at the turn of events. Days later, writing this review..my brain is thinking ""Wha?"" Talk about a good story. Usually I can predict the basic story line. Not this one folks. Not this one.Read it!"
"This is one of my favorite books, I never tire of reading it. I read it once in High School and have been a fan ever since. I wish it was available as an e book though."
"I heard about Rebecca from a friend. I googled it and found it intriguing. I borrowed it from my local library. The book is very interesting and written in a very good way. It will keep you hooked to it. I finished last half of the book over one night. Although the book is old, the story line is very interesting. A girl working for a rich lady meets a wealthy man, Mr. De Winter, and marries him. Rebecca is Mr. De Winter is deceased wife, who died drowning in water. On arriving home - a big mansion named Manderley - the girl finds that everyone such as servants, neighbors etc in Manderley talks about Rebecca and held her in high regards. The girl compares herself to Rebecca  and overtime gets depressed. This is about 60% of the book. After this the story takes a turn, few divers finds drowned body and boat of Rebecca. Mr. and Mrs. De Winter get engulfed into a several emotional and legal problems. Several mysteries now unfolds slowly with every page and readers understands many things that were not clear in the first part of the book. I will not go into more details and be a spoiler. Writer explained nature in details in few places. I found it boring, but it is very personal. Other readers may like it or despise like me.Overall, I enjoyed this book and recommend it, and give it a four star."
"I realize not all the classics are meant to have some kind of societal significance. Some of them are like guilty pleasure junk food - Anna Karenina, Lord of the Rings. But Rebecca is neither significant nor is it by any stretch of the word pleasurable to read. Forget that the main character fell madly ""in love"" and married a man after knowing him less than a month and then all she can do is complain about how she doesn't fit in when she gets to Manderly. Suspend even for a moment the fact that all of the characters are either stereotypes, tropes or stocks (Except Beatrice - she's kind of cool. I wish the book had been about her instead). The real problem I have with Rebecca is that, while it's supposed to be suspenseful, the main character pretty much discovers all there is to know about Rebecca in one long diatribe courtesy of her husband (Mrs. Danvers also has similar moments where she, not to be vulgar, /pukes/ out background information), and then there is that random bit about cancer at the end which caused the inquest to be completely anti-climactic. I'm not going to say Rebecca is a Shaggy Dog story, but the ending is unsatisfying and forced, and the only character I sympathized with through the whole thing was Jasper. Poor puppy. By the ending, I wondered whether or not this book was meant to be a joke or something - a dig in the ribs of similar, superfluous wastes of paper. But if it was, it wasn't presented very well. As a lesbian, I wish I could give du Maurier more credit, but I can't. I will say that her sexuality definitely comes out to the observant reader, but I'll say no more about that. TL;DR: read it if you want but it's not very good. :)"
"Another book I'm sorry I put off so long. Any lovers of Jane Eyre should add this to their ""to read"" list, as they are similar in style and storyline. An unnamed female protagonist becomes swept up in a whirlwind romance with Maxim De Winter, a man desperate to forget the tragedy that befell him some months before the book started. They meet in Monte Carlo and are quickly married, though our unnamed woman must continue to work to come out from  under Rebecca's shadow. The setting and the tone are perfectly balanced between overwhelming and lovely, with just enough of a hint of creepy. The ending packs a pretty good twist that satisfies.There isn't much in the way of red flags. There is a little violence, though the description of Rebecca's demise is not explained graphically. No cussing and no sexual situations fit with the time period."
"Rebecca is a flashback about a nameless young woman who becomes Mrs. de Winter and how she fares at Manderley. In her flashback, the heroine meets Maxim de Winter in a hotel at Monte Carlo. She is a paid companion to a Mrs. Van Hopper. After courting for only two weeks, Maxim asks her to marry him; she accepts and they go to Manderley, his home. Once at Manderley, the heroine finds out how Maxim's first wife died, or so it seems. However, the heroine is intimidated by the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who was very fond of Rebecca when she was living. The heroine learns about Rebecca's beauty, charm, grace, and reputation, all of which seem impeccable. She believes that she cannot live up to Rebecca's legend and that Maxim is still in love with Rebecca.  One day when a ship runs aground in a cove near the Manderley home, divers surveying the wreckage find Rebecca's boat with her body in its hold. Rumors spread like wildfire. Maxim is forced to tell the heroine the truth. (Spoiler Alert. The succeeding paragraph has been removed for that reason.)  The heroine is relieved to find that Maxim never loved Rebecca. There is an inquest, causing Maxim much anxiety. (Spoiler Alert. The succeeding paragraph has been removed for that reason.) Despite much hardship, Maxim is exonerated. On their way home to Manderley, Maxim and his wife cross a ridge just miles from Manderley and see it in flames. The story ends intimating that Mrs. Danvers was responsible.This story is so beautifully worded that the words flow through the mind and over the tongue like smooth water.At first the beginning of the story is confusing, but everything quickly falls into place.The unnamed heroine is so easy to identify with, as she seems to embody every thought of naivety and well meaning intention.The values of loyalty, honor, and love stand stronger than the forces beyond the grave. The elements of revenge, duplicity and fear are woven throughout the story. A way to cope with fear is evident in the unnamed heroine's story, causing it to be a story not only of resolve but of courage and triumph."
"I could write an entire review on my dislike for the main character, alone.  This book is so popular, yet so boring.  By the time any real suspense came along, I was 3/4 in.  Again, the main character wore my nerves out!"
beautiful. simply beautiful. there is nothing more to it. this book is an all time great book and i could read it one thousand times and not get bored with it.
"...with only ten books, ""Rebecca"" is one of the ones I would pack. I've read it every year or two since I discovered it in 1990, and there's always something new to discover. The language Du Maurier uses is gorgeous. Her imagery is stunning. You can see the violent red of the rhododendrons, the beautiful wildflowers in the Happy Valley. The dialogues are brisk. The narrator's youth, shyness, and inexperience are painful to read, but it's a good pain. You do have to wonder on occasion why exactly she fell for Maxim, since he is often snotty and condescending, but he improves on closer acquaintance. The moment you realize everything is not as it seems is a WHAM on the back of the head--when Maxim finally opens up and tells all, it's chilling and terrifying, but it also makes everything make sense.Some reviewers have complained about the nameless heroine, the second Mrs. De Winter. ""Why didn't she ask Maxim what was going on?"" they ask. Well, as I mentioned before, the nameless protagonist is very young and sheltered, with little experience of the world. She's shy and has been dominated by strong personalities most of her life, so it makes sense that she would gravitate toward Maxim's strength. It also explains why she is easily silenced on the rare occasions when she does try to speak. Further, there's the time factor to consider. The novel was published in 1938, but the narrator said it happened years ago. If we assume that the story had taken place even just a decade before, remember that 1928 in England was the year women of 21 years of age finally got the right to vote -- it's not as if they were used to going about speaking their mind and making demands of their husbands. Men didn't expect or want them to be opinionated. It's hard for us a century later to remember there was ever a time before women enjoyed the freedoms we have today, but it did exist.I read a lot of books 20 years ago, but the benchmark for quality for me is, did I like it well enough to return to it at least twice in twenty years? There are few that I come back to again and again; this is one of them and will always be."
"The new Mrs. Max De Winter (who shall remain nameless) can't wait to begin her life as a young bride and newcomer to the renowned Manderley mansion on the Cornish coast.  When she arrives she is put off by the housekeeper Mrs. Danvers, who is still devoted to Max's deceased first wife, Rebecca.If you visit the mansion of Manderley you will not find Rebecca there.  You will find her spirit as she roams the hall and haunts the walls.  The second Mrs. De Winter walks in Rebecca's shadow as she gets to know her husband and her surroundings.  Rebecca and Mrs. De Winter are opposites, one shy and quiet, the other talkative and vivacious.  Of course, the current wife feels she pales in comparison to the first.  Evil is lurking in unexpected places as the house tries to keep its secrets and Mrs. De Winter is being pushed to her limit. Reading Rebecca for the first time is a unique and satisfying experience.  The reader reaches a point in the book of shocked contentment and the book becomes an unstoppable page turner where you just aren't sure what will happen next.  De Maurier does an excellent job of setting up the mystery, the suspense and the romance and when combined with a house that is a formidable character and with the nervousness of the nameless narrator, you have a winning combination.  Rebecca will make the reader want to stay up all night reading under a blanket, holding a flashlight.Rebecca is a timeless Gothic masterpiece.  From the first famous sentence, ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again."", to its last, Rebecca is unforgettable.  A book to read again and again."
"I don't do well with novels where the women are portrayed as subservient femme fatales. There is also a lot of internal dialogue where the main character is talking to herself for several pages at a time.  Not a fan of that either.  That being said, I respect how well written the book was, and enjoyed the story itself."
"I am reading this again after many years and although I know the story from the movie too, the haunting description of Mandelay and the creeping insidiousness of Mrs Danvers doesn't disappoint. The naivite of the present Mrs De Winter is masterful as Du Maurier leads us into her obsession about the first Mrs De Winter, Rebecca. The story unravels at a good pace allowing the reader to comprehend the class conventions of the time and how the present Mrs De Winter, in British terms might not be ""top drawer"". A great read and a fantastic story, including that famous first line....."
"This is a classic gothic mystery, centered on a naive young woman working as a companion, who is swept off her feet by a man suffering after the death of his first wife, the dark and dashing, Maxim de Winter. While all seems well as they honeymoon, upon returning to his home in Cornwall, Manderley, things begin to slowly unravel. The young woman, unnamed throughout the novel, feels very much out of place as lady of the manor and becomes consumed with finding out more about his first wife, Rebecca, who seems very much present in her surroundings, particularly to the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who was also Rebecca's personal maid. After a devilish betrayal by Mrs. Danvers, the 2nd Mrs de Winter begins to find out more about Rebecca and the circumstances surrounding her death which completely change her world view and bring out her strengths. While reminiscent of Jane Eyre, the novel stands well on its own and is an intriguing tale of deception, suspense, and a touch of mystery.I would comment that the print quality of this edition was very uneven, and at times, difficult to read."
"I haven't read a book where I've despised the main character THIS MUCH in a long time. She's spineless and worries incessantly through out the entire book and it gets annoying pretty much immediately. I read this over my vacation so it's been a little while, but I remember there are multiple times where she has imaginary conversations in her head about what people must think when they compare her to Rebecca, but never takes any action to calm those fears by, you know, talking to people. She never talks to her husband about his weird behavior, clings to him like a barnacle, and basically allows the servants to walk all over her. It got to the point where I just started skimming over her introspections in order to get the story moving along. What a feeble, insecure, and mind-numbingly annoying female lead! You'll roll your eyes at how ridiculously timid she is. Ugh!I give the book 2 stars for the mystery in and of itself, which I thought was fairly good - but seriously could have done without the main character mewling every five seconds. :("
"The tone of this novel is so dark and bleak and mysterious that opening the book to a new page feels like crawling into a bed draped in red velvet and black satin while a thunderstorm rages outside your window over the sea. Yeah, its that depressing. There is not mistaking the tone of ""Rebecca"", that wasn't the issue. I had issues with the total lack of a cohesive theme.The beginning was slow but I warmed to it quickly. The young, unnamed protagonist, an orphan charge of a wealthy and insufferable woman named Mrs. Van Hopper, falls unexpectedly in love with Max de Winter while attending her mistress in Monte Carlo. She agrees to marry him and is whisked off on a short honeymoon before going back to Max's estate in the West Country, Manderley. Mrs. de Winter tries hard to draw Max into a loving and fulfilling relationship, but she soon learns that Max's first wife Rebecca still haunts the halls with her larger-than-life presence after he accidental drowning a year before. Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper, seems to hate Mrs. de Winter, and she wonders why her presence as the new wife seems to unwelcome at Manderley. Nothing is what it seems to be, and Mrs. de Winter discovers the secret behind Rebecca and Max's relationship, which could ruin their future as man and wife.There is really no comment on the protagonist because she has absolutely no voice and no real role in the novel. She reminds me of Nick in ""The Great Gatsby""- a narrator who is more of an observer than a central character. She is very meek and deferential and we really don't know much about her. I know it is central to the novel that she is pushed aside and not given anything to do, but I was waiting for her to gain a voice and stand up for herself, and it never really happened. I'm glad there was some hope for her and Max at the end, because for most of the novel, the tone just made everything feel doomed from the start.I had trouble grasping what this novel was really about. Was it a tragic romance, with the young couples' love hindered by the foreboding dead first wife, or was it a crime mystery? It only reminded me of ""Jane Eyre"" in tone, not in plot.I gave this novel four stars because of the parts of the novel when Mrs. de Winter believes she will never be able to take the place of Rebecca. There was so much sadness and despair, and the writing was so beautiful, and I really felt for the narrator. But then everything changed and I had no real reason to feel bad, and that sort of ruined my reading experience.This is a weird book. The imagery of Manderley is so gorgeous and vivid; I felt like I was really there for some parts. But the plot was too twisty and there was no unified conflict from start to finish. I don't think I'd read it again, but I'm glad I gave it a shot. It was well-written, but the plot twist didn't impress me."
"Rebecca is my favorite book and movie of all time, so I had high hopes when I purchased the audio book.  I'm so glad it was unabridged since I relished every word from narrator Anna Massey.  Her interpretation and reading were flawless.  I limited myself to one disc a day to stretch it out as long as I could.  If you are a lover of the 20s-30s time period and English authors, you will love this story.  Daphne duMaurier's descriptions and plot build-up are unmatched."
"I ordered this book based on the picture that was shown for the paperback edition.  That edition showed a handsome book, and I figured the hard bound edition would only be better.  When I received the book, it was merely a hard paperback version of cheaper of the two paperback version.  It was very old looking and with small print.  I returned the book and got the nicer of the two paperback versions."
"The narrator of the book, who is never named, is a young woman employed as a ""companion"" to a wealthy and somewhat obnoxious American in what I assumed was the early 20th century. While in Monte Carlo, the obnoxious American is star-struck by the wealthy and attractive Maximilian de Winter, but to her chagrin, he becomes much more interested in her mousy and poor companion. But all is not well with their love story - our protagonist constantly feels as if she doesn't measure up to Maxim's first wife in the mind of her husband and his household staff. A gothic mystery reminiscent of Jane Eyre, Rebecca is a mystery that provides just enough hints to keep the reader interested but not so many as to be frustratingly obvious."
"Don't worry, my review is not going to give away any key plot points. In fact, I'm not even going to discuss the plot since the suspense of this novel rides on the story's unpredictable twists and turns. ""Rebecca,"" published in 1938, is a Gothic thriller in the tradition of ""The Mysteries of Udolpho"" and ""Jane Eyre."" All of the elements required for a creepy Gothic romance are here: 1) a Byronic hero haunted by his past who may or may not be a villain; 2) a beautiful dead woman, the novel's titular character; 3) a mysterious stone mansion overlooking the sea; 4) a village idiot, who appears to know more about Rebecca's death than he lets on; 5) a scary housekeeper; and 5) a high-strung, impressionable narrator given to reverie and fits of bravery who periodically is seized with the urge to explore the mansion's uninhabited west wing.Daphne DuMaurier has a special gift for creating ambience. In ""Rebecca,"" Manderley, the ancient estate in Southern England where most of the novel's action takes place, becomes a character unto itself. Manderley, with its high-vaulted ceilings and stone terraces, its lawns extending down to the sea, its woods, its coves, its gardens, is at once welcoming and forbidding. DuMaurier uses botanical imagery to convey these contradictory qualities: ""blood-red"" rhododendrons, impressive yet ominous, form a wall fifty feet high at the entrance to the house; in the wood, which is carpeted with bluebells, beauty commingles with horror as the flower-filled ""Happy Valley"" abruptly gives way to the sea and the cove where Rebecca died; beech trees ""with white, naked limbs"" come together like an arch over the serpentine driveway leading to house, creating a claustrophobic atmosphere. Throughout the book, flower imagery is used to sustain tension; the character of Rebecca is associated with the intoxicating fragrance of Manderley's azaleas.DuMaurier is quite skilled at keeping the reader in doubt as to which characters are the good guys and which characters are the bad guys. Is ghoulish housekeeper as evil as she seems? Is the brooding owner of Manderley to be trusted? Is the narrator, whose name is never mentioned, a reliable source? And what was Rebecca __really__ like? This is a great novel and a fast read. I highly recommend it. There's a reason why it's considered a classic."
"After Rebecca, the wife of millionare Maxim de Winter, dies in a sailing accident, Maxim travels to Monte Carlo where he meets a young, naive girl who is working as a companion. Before long Maxim proposes to her and asks her to join him back at Manderley, Maxim's estate where the girl has always dreamed of visiting.On arriving, she meets the housekeeper Mrs. Danvers who was always devoted to Rebecca. The new Mrs de Winter has to put up with Mrs. Danvers comparing her to the rightful mistress to the house and tells her that she is not a real lady like the late Rebecca.Lacking self confidence and over-whelmed by her new life, Mrs de Winter worries about her husbands love for his late wife whom she feels he never got over.Full of drama and suspense i couldn't put it down"
"Pages:  410Release Date:  This edition - 2008; first edition - 1938Date Read:  2011, October 14th - November 12thReceived: OwnRating:  5/5 starsRecommended to:  15+Summary -""Last Night I Dreamt I Went To Manderley Again.""So the second Mrs. Maxim de Winter remembered the chilling events that led her down the turning drive past their beaches, white and naked, to the isolated gray stone manse on the windswept Cornish coast. With a husband she barely knew, the young bride arrived at this immense estate, only to be inexorably drawn into the life of the first Mrs. de Winter, the beautiful Rebecca, dead but never forgotten...her suite of rooms never touched, her clothes ready to be worn, her servant -- the sinister Mrs. Danvers -- still loyal. And as an eerie presentiment of evil tightened around her heart, the second Mrs. de Winter began her search for the real fate of Rebecca...for the secrets of Manderley.  (From Goodreads)My thoughts -Golly goodness I really really really love this book.  It is one of the most unique, thought-out, and weirdly fascinating books I have ever read and probably will ever read.  It was recommended to me by so many people and I found it for less than $2, almost brand new, at a 2nd hand store, and couldn't pass it up.  I've found myself getting into the idea of Gothic novels and was quite interested...By the end of this reading experience (for it is an experience), I had been shocked so many times it was almost impossible not to give it five stars on the spot.  But not only did it shock me - it made me love it, incredibly so.  I love this book; and for that, five stars in inevitable.Character notes -The second Mrs. de Winter is quite extraordinary, for many reasons.  One is her name in and of itself.  I say this because she does not have one.  As the story is told in first person, she does not introduce herself;  her name is mentioned once as being hard to spell, that people usually get it wrong; and after she marries Max she is called by everyone she knows as ""Mrs. de Winter"".  It was quite shocking for me to discover half-way through the book, that I had missed her first name, and I that I was such a terrible reader for missing such an important detail like that.  I re-read parts of the beginning, asked around and discovered the truth:  she has no first name because it is not important.  What is important is that she is the second Mrs. de Winter.Besides that, she amazed me by totally getting on my nerves sometimes and still being a fantastic character who I could relate to and love.  How did she annoy me?  Her lack of ability to speak out sometimes drove me up the wall with thoughts of, ""Goodness!  Why won't she just say something?!  After being so ill-treated!""  But it was her character; she became like a friend; I could love her in spite of that fault (and whatever others to her name...or lack thereof).  And in the end - well, she's quite the lioness at the end.  I love books with changed heroes/heroines. :DBesides Mrs. de Winter, the other characters are so perfectly drawn for the reader that it is hard to forget them.  Frank (one of my top three favorites - he was soooo awesome), Maxim's sister, Max himself, Mrs. Danvers, and Favell especially, but there are others, and they, too, are profound.And Rebecca, even being a mere ghost of a character, is still shockingly real.  Everything about her made my skin crawl - and I didn't even know why.  You won't know why either.  There is no exact reason why I felt that way, and you will wonder... Oh, you will wonder.Story notes -This is such a unique story - and so weird.  Everything happened in a way that made me weirded out with no real explanation whatsoever as to why.  (See above comment on the character Rebecca.)  And then - BOOM!  There's an explosion, and you'll be holding on for dear life, because there's no possible way this could really be happening.At least, that's how I felt.  I was on an airplane when I read the climax - the EXPLOSION - and holy crud don't ever do that.  Confined to a chair with quiet people all around me and flight attendants scanning the rows with narrowed eyes, searching for disturbance of any kind  - yeah, don't ever try it.  Best to wait until you've landed, read it when you get home, and whoop and holler and scream and stare in shocked silence as much as you want.  All I could do was hyperventilate in a very quiet manner.  Haha - just kidding!  Sort of.Summing it up -Shocking, to say the least.  I did not expect it to be the way it was, with the writing style or the set-up or the conflict or the climax or the resolution.  All of it was unexpected and perfect.  Please, do yourself a favor and read this book, now.  Unless you have the tendency to scream when shocked and are currently on an airplane.  If this unfortunate combination applies to you, please wait until you have reached a safe environment before expression appropriate feelings of exuberance and/or show signs of sudden startled or disconcerted emotions.For the Parents -This is a classic, and should be treated as such (which means everyone should read it at least once).  However, themes are slightly more mature, and I wouldn't recommend to anyone younger than 15.  Some brief strong language and lots of...death.  But I can't say anything else!! ;)"
"What an incredible book! This novel has been on my list of books to read for years and I can't believe I didn't read it earlier! I'd feared it would be pretentious and filled with flowery language that would bore me to tears, but it was absolutely the opposite. This modern classic is the tale of a young bride haunted by the ghost of her husband's first wife, the gorgeous and perfect Rebecca de Winter. From the opening line, ""Last night, I dreamt I went to Manderly again,"" I was hooked. Du Maurier writes beautifully and her storyline is riveting. She includes sinister characters, a haunting tale, and shocking twists, all the ingredients for a page-turner. This novel is a must-read and I highly recommend it!"
I recently convinced my 15 year old daughter that this was something she needed to read.  She loved it - couldn't put it down!  Daphne du Maurier is just as relevant today as always.  Just trying to decided what to recommend next - My cousin Rachel or Jamaica Inn.  Of course even they won't stand up to Rebecca!
"I picked this up because several people have recently told me that it's their favorite book...and after reading it, I frankly can't imagine why.  Very little actually happens for the first three-quarters of the novel...it's all mood, which the events of the story simply don't justify.  It's all in the narrator's head, just her own endless, causelessly fearful flights of fancy, which makes her very difficult to like, or even sympathize with.  When the plot does pick up in the last quarter of the novel, it becomes absurd.*SPOILER ALERT*""Oh, by the way, dear, I actually murdered my first wife.""  ""Oh, well that's a relief!""  ""The shameless hussy told me she got herself knocked up by another man, so I shot her.""  ""Oh, I don't mind your reasons, I'm just glad you hated her!""  ""Unfortunately, it looks like my crime may be exposed after all.""  ""Let me help you cover it up, darling!""  Suddenly, she is no longer her old useless self...and the ostensible reasons for this don't make any sense, even on the novel's own terms.  Oh, and Mrs. Danvers has got to be one of the lamest beloved villains in all of literature...why the hell didn't they just give her the sack several times over?The whole thing was rather boring, absurd, and pointless.  Apart from the plot and character inconsistencies, it is decently written, and it is quite effective in places---but it isn't remotely in the same league as gothic novels like Jayne Eyre or the sensation novels of Wilkie Collins in whose tradition it is often placed.Two and a half stars."
"I picked this up because several people have recently told me that it's their favorite book...and after reading it, I frankly can't imagine why.  Very little actually happens for the first three-quarters of the novel...it's all mood, which the events of the story simply don't justify.  It's all in the narrator's head, just her own endless, causelessly fearful flights of fancy, which makes her very difficult to like, or even sympathize with.  When the plot does pick up in the last quarter of the novel, it becomes absurd.*SPOILER ALERT*""Oh, by the way, dear, I actually murdered my first wife.""  ""Oh, well that's a relief!""  ""The shameless hussy told me she got herself knocked up by another man, so I shot her.""  ""Oh, I don't mind your reasons, I'm just glad you hated her!""  ""Unfortunately, it looks like my crime may be exposed after all.""  ""Let me help you cover it up, darling!""  Suddenly, she is no longer her old useless self...and the ostensible reasons for this don't make any sense, even on the novel's own terms.  Oh, and Mrs. Danvers has got to be one of the lamest beloved villains in all of literature...why the hell didn't they just give her the sack several times over?The whole thing was rather boring, absurd, and pointless.  Apart from the plot and character inconsistencies, it is decently written, and it is quite effective in places---but it isn't remotely in the same league as gothic novels like Jayne Eyre or the sensation novels of Wilkie Collins in whose tradition it is often placed.Two and a half stars."
"I picked this up because several people have recently told me that it's their favorite book...and after reading it, I frankly can't imagine why.  Very little actually happens for the first three-quarters of the novel...it's all mood, which the events of the story simply don't justify.  It's all in the narrator's head, just her own endless, causelessly fearful flights of fancy, which makes her very difficult to like, or even sympathize with.  When the plot does pick up in the last quarter of the novel, it becomes absurd.*SPOILER ALERT*""Oh, by the way, dear, I actually murdered my first wife.""  ""Oh, well that's a relief!""  ""The shameless hussy told me she got herself knocked up by another man, so I shot her.""  ""Oh, I don't mind your reasons, I'm just glad you hated her!""  ""Unfortunately, it looks like my crime may be exposed after all.""  ""Let me help you cover it up, darling!""  Suddenly, she is no longer her old useless self...and the ostensible reasons for this don't make any sense, even on the novel's own terms.  Oh, and Mrs. Danvers has got to be one of the lamest beloved villains in all of literature...why the hell didn't they just give her the sack several times over?The whole thing was rather boring, absurd, and pointless.  Apart from the plot and character inconsistencies, it is decently written, and it is quite effective in places---but it isn't remotely in the same league as gothic novels like Jayne Eyre or the sensation novels of Wilkie Collins in whose tradition it is often placed.Two and a half stars."
This was a lovely 'step back in time' read. I really enjoyed the way you were brought back in time. The author kept your interest throughtout while weaving a lovely story that kept me interested to the end.
"The tale of Rebecca is a thrilling read from start to finish.  She was a beautiful, talented woman who cared only for herself and used others.  However, she hid the selfish attributes behind an exterior that seemed to make everyone love her except her husband who knew who she really was.  Rebecca died in a boating accident and her husband, Max, was grief stricken.  He traveled to try to recover and he meets a very young woman who makes him laugh and enjoy life once again.  She is a companion to an elderly woman.  When the woman returns home, Max marries the young woman and takes her to Manderley, the beautiful home treasured by his family and decorated lavishly by Rebecca.Everywhere the young wife looks she sees Rebecca's influence.  Even the housekeeper who cared for Rebecca as a child until her death resents her presence.  Sinister, devious, she plans to evict her from Manderley.  To the young wife, it seems as if Max can only think about Rebecca.  He shows little affection and expects much.  While her youth and inexperience were part of what caught Max's attention, it  leads her into frightening experiences and social errors that make her doubt her decision to marry Max even though she loves him dearly.As the story unfolds, one discovers there is much more to Rebecca's life than one can imagine.  Manderley is only a one place where she spends her time.  The ending is unexpected and exciting making this one of the best reads of the year for me."
"The tagline of this book, ""the classic tale of romantic suspense"", is rather misleading. False advertisement, if you will. It's not a romance novel. Perhaps, some readers see it that way, but I most certainly do not. Yes, there is a love interest, but there isn't much romance. It's really a mysterious and intense ghost story without a ghost, as told through the eyes of a psychologically flawed young woman.I am told that the opening line of this novel is quite famous. ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again."" Maybe that line ropes in some readers, but not me. I found the first couple of chapters confusing and disorienting. Perhaps that is the author's intention -- to disorient the reader before placing her in a surreal time and place. I don't know. But, after five chapters, I found my footing and really got into the book.At the beginning of the story, the narrator accompanies an older American woman who is traveling in Monte Carlo. There, the narrator meets a gentleman, who eventually asks her to marry him. She accepts and then moves into Manderley, the home haunted by the ghost of the gentleman's late wife. Except that there isn't really a ghost, and that makes the book even creepier.Du Maurier masterfully creates an intensely eerie atmosphere full of mystery that verges on horror. The driveway to Manderley isn't just a driveway, it's a serpent. The grounds of Manderley don't just have some flowers, they are rhododendrons of a slaughterous red. Mrs. Danvers isn't introduced simply as the head of the household staff. She is ""someone tall and gaunt, dressed in deep black, whose prominent cheek-bones and great, hollow eyes gave her a skull's face, parchment-white, set on a skeleton's frame.""The words simmer slowly in your mind and insidiously place you in the mind of the highly anxious and frightened narrator. The characterization is spot on. Our young female narrator begins as a typical youth, anxious to please, uncertain, and self-conscious - traits that are somewhat relatable. But then, du Maurier inches the characterization outside the realm of normal so slowly that you almost don't notice it until you've been inside the head of a psychologically disturbed woman for the past hundred pages.I highly recommend this well-written novel. The mystery and tension are layered so thickly that reading about a ringing telephone actually made me jump just as much as in a horror movie. Crafting that level of intensity is no easy feat, and du Maurier has done so masterfully."
"This book, in my opinion, is the best book of Daphne Du Maurier. I have already read it about 25 years ago (in a printed format) and now decided to read it again. The characters in the book have been described as if you live amongst them, and the drama and secrets around it are amazingly constructed. Highly recommended reading!"
"like my title for this review?  what i have said is true and for those who have never read this book-read itand find out what i mean...this novel is many things like,suspense and mystery but,most of all, it is a great story for those of us who haveever felt out of place around other people and then,found acceptance by finding the truth, and love.a modest young woman(her name never revealed) marries the older,very wealthy,max de winter as his 2nd wife.  this 2nd mrs de winter arrives at the family estate of manderley and she is aware of something hanging in thebackground.  what is it?? what had such control over everyone there and no one speaks of it??? it is rebecca.rebecca is the FIRST wife of max de winter and not only is she smart,sophisticated,with beauty to kill for,sheis also dead.  dead... but she has firm control over all these people at manderley. i do not want to reveal thewhole plot but,the author slowly unravels the whole story of rebecca and what she was-the truth vs the myth.the story is told in first person by the no name 2nd wife. we read all her thoughts and fears and the readercan't help but like her and feel sympathy when things are going bad for her. there is a resolution at the endof the book. i rather like it. it is doing away with the past forever and starting again.this book is extensive reading but,well worth it. i think this is one of daphne du maurier's best."
The book came very fast and in excellent condition. I was very excited as it is one of my fav books ever and mine had been loaned out never to be seen from again
"Rebecca follows the second Mrs. Maxim de Winter from the time she meets Maxim in Monte Carlo through the rough first year of their marriage. Set at Manderley on the Cornish coast, the new Mrs. de Winter must contend with the overwhelming presence of the first Mrs. de Winter, Rebecca, kept alive by the creepy housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers. The new Mrs. de Winter becomes obsessed with Rebecca and everything to do with her while also struggling to step out of her shadow.I actually found that it took me longer to read Rebecca than it did with Paige Harbison's New Girl. I am not sure exactly why - I think it was mostly just a slow reading week for me.I would not have known about Rebecca if it were not for reading Cristina's (The Princess of Storyland) review of New Girl. I had no idea it was a young adult retelling of a classic. Beyond that, Cristina recommended that I watch Alfred Hitchcock's movie, Rebecca, so I did. I enjoyed both Daphne du Maurier's book and the movie. And if you are wondering, yes, I believe Paige Harbison's version keeps true to the original while making it modern and available to a younger crowd.If you have read New Girl, you need to read Rebecca and vice versa. In Rebecca, the new Mrs. de Winter's first name is never revealed and in du Maurier's Author's Note, I learned why: she simply could not think of one. I found that interesting because the lack of a name seems like such a good plot device.Recommended for lovers of classics and anyone who has read New Girl. Also, I found out there is another book based on Rebecca called Rebecca's Tale by Sally Beauman.Google ""The Musings of ALMYBNENR"" to see this review in its original format and to follow my book review blog."
"Rebecca, I have to admit, did not enchant me from the very first page. It took a number of chapters for the plot to kick in, but when it did, it was definitely worth the wait. What struck me most about Rebecca was its' writing. Du Maurier writes very, very well. Her writing is so descriptive and poetic, always. The story itself begins to unfold when the main protagonist is swept away from Monte Carlo, when ask by Maxim de Winter to marry him. She arrives at Manderley, finding it a mysterious place. There is a lot of mystery and suspense in this book, and a massive twist of events in the middle.I had to read Rebecca for school, and at first i didn't like it, because it was very descriptive, with an un-exciting plot, which isn't a good mix, for me. But when the plot became so suspenseful, that you had to keep reading, one finds that the writing helps to complement the scene being described.I'd recommend Rebecca to anyone ages 13 and up.Give it a try, you're guaranteed to love it..."
"This is one of the best books of the 20th century. A must-have for any book collection, yet it is not available to buy for my Kindle. Why not. When I type in rebecca by Daphne du Maurier it comes back as no match found."
The image is not acording with the book that they sent. I'm not happy because it was a gift for my wife for Santa Claus. (Our 2 month old daughther's name is Rebecca).Thanks
"The story is an engrossing one, with lots of nice detail. It is something to relax with but not in any sense enlifting. The drawback is that one can watch the film and get many of the points in the book, slightly changed to suit censors. The packaging led to losing 1 star. The pages are close to the binding and the text is close to the edge. I suppose this is the drawback of a cheap edition. On th whole, OK and no large complaints."
"classic story of a young girl marrying a mysterious man she barely knows. Complete with eerie characters and a lavish setting, this book left you asking question after question. Unfortunately, it dropped off with an open ending."
"Seen the movie many times so there weren't too many surprises except for du Maurier's writing style--very sensually detailed, full of beautiful descriptions. The story takes place in England in the 1930s and is narrated by a young nameless woman (played by Joan Fontaine in the film) who may be the most neurotic character in all of fiction. She marries well above her station and becomes the second Mrs. Maxim de Winter, the first being the mysterious Rebecca who died in a boating accident nearly a year before. ""Rebecca"" is a mystery, so I'll stop there, except to say that if you haven't seen the film the book will be hard to put down as you brave the suspense and clever plot turns. After I read to the end, I watched the movie again and this time the film seemed vacant."
"I'll never understand the 1 star reviews. This is one of my all-time favorite books, and anything else Daphne du Maurier writes is always amazing as well. This book haunted me for days the first time I read it. Yes, her characters have flaws, yes, you get frustrated with them, yes, there are cruel twists - is this not life? Rebecca is suspense at its realest and I absolutely adored it."
"If you're bored at the begining of this, I promise you won't be after the first hundred pages. It's a slow starter, but once it gets going, it is one of the most intriguing books you'll ever read.Rarely does a novel pull off the first person perspective as well as Rebecca does. It is often just a plot device for cute asides, but here it is a true window into a fascinating subject. Were this novel from Maxim's POV, for example, it would not work. All of the descriptions and all of the imagining tell us only what the heroine sees. What is really happening at any given point is anyone's guess until all is explaining in the shocking climax. What makes this book different from, say, Jane Eyre or The Mistress of Mellyn, is that it makes use of the reader's own security. It taps into that part of our brains that is always thinking, ""Am I good enough? How do I compare? Am I loved?""Maxim, love him or hate him, is one of the least cliche characters I have ever read. Everytime you think you know what he is going to say, he says something completely different. Not even Mr. Darcy's horrid proposal could compare to Maxim's. He is, truly a unique character.Read it. When you're through, watch Hitchcock's film version. While movies so often can't compare to novels, you will be pleasantly surprised."
"After reading many more recent books where other reviewers made parallels to Rebecca, I felt like it was a gap in my reading list.  I have been enjoying what I term ""literary mysteries"" for several years, many of which could also carry the ""gothic"" label, and this seemed to be a frequently cited model for the genre.This book, penned in the 1903s, presents an unnamed narrator who marries a man about whom she knows very little.  The marriage thrusts her into an upper-class world that is unfamiliar and takes her to his famed estate, Manderley.  The narrator feels haunted by the memories that her husband, townsfolk, and the staff (especially the head housekeeper) have of the husband's first wife, Rebecca.  It is hard to say much more without creating spoilers of things that unfold towards the middle and end of the novel.I'm having more trouble than normal organizing my thoughts on Rebecca.  I'm giving it four stars, although it definitely dragged.  In many ways, it felt more like a ""novel of manners"" (throwback phrase from my English-major days) and a romance than a mystery.  But I do think the subtlety of Rebecca's presence is very well done and much more realistically drawn than a lot of novels garnering the ""gothic"" label.  It is a mental and emotional haunting, not a story of ghosts.  I never developed a very firm opinion of the narrator, which may explain my hesitation on the four stars.  But the prose, while lengthy, is quite lovely and held me through the whole story.  I appreciated the was the author built the intrigue in a story that is largely about mental and emotional struggles (the ""action"" starts late).  I also appreciate that the novel clearly lays a foundation for future works and for future women authors.  Worth a read for book lovers captured by more recent titles who want to see a bit of their ""roots"" and have the patience for a slower paced read."
"I am an avid reader, and I have never disliked a book and every character in it so much.  The author overindulges in minutiae to the extreme expense of a plot.  I would have trashed this book after 100 pages had it not come recommended by a good friend.  Truly, every character is insufferable - Maxim is an ass who treats his (2nd) wife as if she was a small child, the 2nd wife is utterly spineless, the elderly companion at the beginning is a pretentious bore, the housekeeper is a sadistic, controlling bitch.  There really just isn't anything at all to like about this book, and I'm completely at a loss to understand why on earth people seem to rate it highly.  I can only assume they're comparing it to Harlequin Romances and not actual well-written literature."
"Rebecca is such a wonderful and suspenseful book that every woman should read and see the DVD. I have purchased every DVD made from this book, that is how much I loved reading it, could'nt put it down and stayed up all night reading it. I could'nt wait to turn the pages, same with Jane Eyre, movies that are about true love and misfortune without vulgar words or nudity or steamy sex scenes, the scope is so good it does not need those in order to grip the reader heart and mind. I now own every DVD of the writer of Rebecca and Jane Eyre, House on the strand and Jamaca Inn, these two I am waiting for arrival, has been sent and I am anxious to get into these as well. When I was a child I read these, my very first adult book was House on the strand and after that I became an avid reader. Iwas really too young to comprehend all of Daphne's books but I knew they were very good and reading them as an adult has been a true pleasure, I will no doubt read them again and again through the years and never tire of them. I now have a wide variety of favorite writers in various catagories and completely enjoy them but only Daphne makes me cry with heartfelt recognition to the characters and situations. I highly recommend Rebecca and Jane Eyre especially and if you buy the DVD get Jane Eyre with Timothy Dalton, it is the very best one, follows the book word for word and the actors play the parts extremely well, and Rebecca I highly recommend Masterpiece Theaters version with Charles Dance Emilla Fox Faye Dunaway and Diana Rigg, the very best of that story, they are extremely touching to the heart and mind, every woman should see these and read the books, I highly recommend them. Both of the books were purchased from Amazon and one of the DVD's. While you are at it purchase a Kindle 3G and download thousands of books from all varieties and most reasonable plus in 60 seconds you have the book in your hands to read from your Kindle, I love mine so well it stays by my side and often goes with me when I leave, it never forgets what page you are on, it goes right to it. What more could one ask for? And never a shipping charge with a Kindle, the savings are enormous and it pays for itself quickly. I also bought my Kindle from Amazon of course when this version came out, one of my daughters bought the largest one, sold it and got a 3G like mine, and you can adjust the size of the print as well."
"What appears to be a story about a woman's slow descent into madness turns out to be something else---something else entirely.It is worthy of note that Alfred Hitchcock won his only Oscar for his production of ""Rebecca.""Put together a great director with a great, great story and the Oscar was inevitable...perhaps without a lot of work on Hitchcock's part.  What a story!!!Discription of scene, place and character development make this book an excepional read.Add in a ""can't-miss"" storyline and you have a ""can't miss"" book.This is such a story and such a book.Read it and prepare to be impressed and surprised---Very suprised at almost every turn.  Reading this book is like being in a carnival ""Fun House"" of old."
"I read this book when I was in my teens, and at that time I found it very suspenseful . . . even though I wondered how and why the young female hero from whose point of view we see the events unfold could be so naive. The naive-woman-in-peril genre doesn't thrill me. Nevertheless, I couldn't put this book down, and I liked the ending, which was a twist upon a twist and very well done. I have no idea what I would think of this book if I read it today, when its style is so passe. I'm glad to see that it's still in print, because it's a classic."
"""Last night I dreamed I went to Manderley again."" I must have read REBECCA before, but can't be sure. Still, something of the writing must have stuck. Reading the opening of the forthcoming book ALENA, Rachel Pastan's homage to du Maurier (and my next book to review), I felt such a sense of déjà vu in the opening pages as to make me almost dizzy, and knew that I first had to check the original at its source. I am glad I did so -- and that I chose this Kindle edition, not least for its wonderful concluding essay by Sally Beauman, who puts the novel into a much more radical feminist perspective than the cloak of gothic romance in which du Maurier chose to drape it. [Beauman also wrote her own prequel to the novel in REBECCA'S TALE, events at Manderley as narrated by the first Mrs. Maxim de Winter.]""Last night I dreamed...."" My memories had faded into a collage of moods and moments, perhaps from the book itself, perhaps from the several screen versions. Yet one of du Maurier's skills is that, even for first-time readers, the story triggers deep memories. It is both romantic and archetypal. The parallels with JANE EYRE are obvious -- the great estate, the humble heroine, the aloof master, the shadow of a former marriage -- but Charlotte Bronte was tapping into archetypes also: Cinderella and Bluebeard, to name but two, as the Beauman essay points out. One of my surprises in reading the book again now was to find how much time its nameless narrator spends dreaming or daydreaming. Feeling out of place as the modest new bride in historic Manderley, she imagines the servants or neighbors talking about her in disparaging terms. Even when looking forward to something as vague as her future life as chatelaine or as specific as an upcoming costume ball, she plays through little scenes in her mind, imagining how people will greet her and what she will graciously reply. And with almost every step she takes, she imagines her beautiful predecessor Rebecca, the REAL Mrs. de Winter, playing that role before her, with far greater charm and elegance than she can hope to muster.""...I went to Manderley again."" That ""again"" is important. For REBECCA is written in unexpected tenses and from an unusual perspective. The entire book takes place in memory; it is a still-young woman looking back at a past when she was dreaming of a future that she now knows she never will have, having been sabotaged by something even further in the past; there is almost no graspable present there at all. It is also a mystery story, but again a highly unusual one. Within a few pages, we already know the essential outcome. The one major denouement comes not at the end, but two-thirds of the way through the book -- and it will indeed be a denouement for those who know the story only from the considerably less shocking Hitchcock movie, constrained by the production codes of its time. So far from being the patient elucidation of a crime, the tension in the latter part of the book comes from how and if a known criminal can escape justice.""...I dreamed I went...."" Who, finally, is that ""I""? Uniquely, she has no name. She is not merely an anonymous narrator, but a nameless heroine also. It is a daring stroke. Does it permit every reader (or at least every woman reader) to cast herself in her place? Perhaps, but we also look beyond her edges at things that she, as a naive narrator though not an unreliable one, does not see. And do we want to identify with a woman so subservient that all her happiness is bound up in pleasing her husband? Sally Beauman thinks not, and believes that the woman we really take away from these pages is the brilliant but never seen Rebecca. Personally, I did not find it so. I was as seduced as anyone into wanting this Cinderella story to work out, But Beauman makes a powerful case that this woman -- whose only identity, as Mrs. de Winter, is borrowed from her husband -- is as much his tragic victim as his bride. For a popular romance, this leaves a lot to think about."
A gripping story of love and intrigue and probably one of the best case studies for why it's best to not hire servants.
I loved her descriptions of the housand each of the characters. it was a page Turner for me. I would highly recommend this book.
"Knowing that I always enjoy a book rather than the movie, I was quite happy when it came out in print.  But I must be honest when I say, the movie was so much better.  I liked the happy ending I feel when Mrs. Danvers is killed in the fire and I can hope that the rest of their lives will be happy.  The end of the book was disappointing and left me hanging.  Bravo Hitchkock!"
"This has been on my ""to read"" shelf for ages. I finally set to reading some of the classics on my shelves and am now wondering what took me so long!  Rebecca was a bit slow to engage me but once it did I was hooked.  A bit sappy with the romance for my taste but the story and characters were complex and engaging. I only wish du Maurier had written a sequel."
"Rebecca is not quite the gripping novel I remember from approx. 50 years ago, although I have enjoyed the movie since.  Written in the first person, the book is, in may places, very tautological with the main character, the 2nd Mrs De Winter, repeating her vividly imagined feelings.  This occurs several times and I feel that the novel is too wordy for modern tastes  But then I am no Daphney du Maurier."
the book is in great condition and fast delivery. I would recommend to friends. my rating is okay since this is just a book.
"I 've seen the old movie with Joan Fontaine and Lawrence Olivier many times and still love the story and the portrayals.  A later version with Charles Dance and Emelia Fox differed as to Maxim de Winter's role in the death of Rebecca, so I decided to read the book to see which followed the book's account of the tragedy.  With my Kindle, I got it immediately and finished it in a couple of days.  It was easy to read and answered my questions.  I liked it very much."
"I love this book. Every time I finish reading it, I am left wanting more. It paints a dark and mysterious picture of life at Manderly. It is one of my favorite novels."
"I read this book many years ago, and I knew I enjoyed it but couldn't remember what it was about.  I really enjoyed reading it again. I am so glad I purchased it!"
"The writing is beautiful but redundant. If it were about 25% shorter, I would have given it a higher rating."
"While putting up with the narrator's insecurity and the excessive descriptions of flowers is tedious, it's clear why this is a classic."
"The banality of evil.  If a novel is only as good as its villain,  *Rebecca* has a few you'll never forget.  I couldn't let this book out of my hands.  It may be slow by today's standards, but the literary talent of the author keeps it sparkling within.  This is psychological horror of the first order.  It will take a few days for the chill to wear off."
Book was delivered much faster than promised.  It was in great shape too.  Love the large print!  Already have passed it on to a book club friend.
"It's easy to get lost in a very pleasant time and place reading ""Rebecca,"" Daphne du Maurier's timeless classic, while still feeling a mysterious  background tension, which casts a shadow upon a nervous young bride's idyllic life. This version has me anxious to grab my Kindle every evening."
"This is a wonderful classic. While du Maurier stated it's her work on jealous, I found it to be more of a work on secrets and lies. At first the book moves along rather slowly - it's quite descriptive in the beginning with little conversation amongst characters, however, if you stick with it, it's sure to become a favorite!"
I had read this classic and powerful story many years ago but I am once more enchanted by the masterful style of this incredible writer.  The reader feels every character's emotion and is transported into the world of Rebecca and her new husband. A delight to read English in it's pure form.
"Slow-moving and written for young girls. Yes, I prettyMuch agree with the critics of du Mourier's day. You could almost hear the drum roll leading up to each of the few events in this book. I should have just gone to see a movie."
Thank you.
"What is not to love in a classic. This is best book, and reading on a kindle is just a great."
"A wonderful book about mystery and love, a love story between a man who is very powerful and a women who is not at all.  A women becomes acquainted with Maximilian de Winter, and agrees to marry him, After marriage, the new bride realizes how important her husband's first wife was, Rebecca who is thought by Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper, to be the most beautiful and ladylike women. Rebecca apparently dyed from drowning in an accident. What follows next is an amazing tale of murder and intrigue and an ending that will keep you guessing till the end, and when it's over you'll just want more."
"As a non-native speaker of English, this was my first real English book ever (not something simplified or abridged) after I studied English for a few years.  I was 17.  My vocabulary was much smaller then.  I remember that I plowed through the book with a dictionary.  The first few chapters took forever.  Even though I liked the atmosphere of this book and enjoyed the experience then, I thought it was just too much hard work and I would never pick it up again.A week ago, I saw this audio book on sale at Audible.com.  For nostalgic reason I decided to download this book.  This time, almost 30 years later, it is painless and enchanting.I guess I am never one to mind slow pacing.  This book is not at all slow for me.  One twist after another.  I find the story more layered than I remembered.  The elegant writing is also something I miss about most more modern books.  The detailed description of the old-time England fascinates me.  Even though I myself had always been self-confident, I remember the awkwardness and self-consciousness of youth, which made me sympathetic about the narrator's diffidence.  The characters, good or wicked, decent or vulgar, all seemed believable to me.  I am so glad I decided to re-experience this book.  For a while, a long while, I was filled with rapture over the pleasure of listening to the beautiful words flowing like music.I would like to congratulate Ms. Anna Massey on her great performance with this book.  Her voice was sometimes sweet, sometimes stern, always just right.  She was not distracting, and sometimes even convincing when she played the male part.  I am especially amazed how she played Favell.  Such a nasty man.Today, I was sitting at a outdoor cafe on campus.  I was eating my slice of Pizza, listening to Rebecca.  I watched the fountain not far away, feeling the mellow sunshine.  Trees swayed in the breeze.  I felt life was beautiful.Edited December 21, 2010---------When we rate a book, do we rate it on how good it is, or on how much pleasure and satisfaction it brought us?  I begin to feel confused.  Rereading my own review, it seems that my rating was based on the latter, which is really a personal experience and does not seem to recommend the book itself.  I wonder if this really is what a review is all about?"
"WHAT is this book about?Although I doubt I need to recount the plot as I'm probably one of the few people who hadn't read this book before 2010, I'll write it like an equation:A big house + A young new wife + A rich but distant husband ÷ A dead wife X A sinister housekeeper = A wonderfully creepy story of misunderstandings, secrets and murrrrddddeeeer.WHO do we meet?* The second Mrs. DeWinter is a naive, innocent young woman who is working as a companion for an insufferably snobby woman when she meets ....* Maximilian DeWinter, a wealthy older man who is vacationing in Monte Carlo. He seems tortured by something, and the rumors are that he's never been able to get over the death of his first wife...* Rebecca, a gorgeous, spirited free-spirit who seemed to charm everyone around her. However, her life was cut short after she drowned tragically in the sea that borders ...* Manderley, the huge country estate owned by Max DeWinter. This is where the second Mrs. DeWinter and Max live after their quickie wedding and honeymoon. But poor Mrs. DeWinter! She is so young and has no experience running a big household like Manderley. Good thing she has the help of...* Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper who seems abnormally devoted to the first Mrs. DeWinter.WHEN and WHERE does the book take place?The story takes place primarily at Manderley. I believe the time frame is the late 1930s when DuMaurier wrote the book.WHY should you read this book?Well, I suspect you already have! I'm the latecomer to this party. When I posted my list of RIP books, almost everyone commented about how much they loved Rebecca. I loved it too! It is one of the few ""classics"" that really lived up to the hype. DuMaurier does a fantastic job of slowly building up the dread and suspense. You get inside the second Mrs. DeWinter's mind and you just squirm and feel this sense of impending doom. Everywhere she goes, it is Rebecca, Rebecca, Rebecca. And she is so innocent and trusting that she bumbles along getting herself deeper and deeper enmeshed in the secrets of Manderley. I read somewhere when I was Googling around for the images used above, that Rebecca is really more of a psychological haunting than a physical haunting, and I thought that was a fantastic description. If, like me, you bypassed this book for all these years, be sure to rectify this. You'll be glad you did! (And I'm so going to check out the Hitchcock movie version!)"
"Daphne du Maurier's slow, steady psychological thriller was pure enjoyment. I had a few moments where I remembered black and white scenes from Alfred Hitchcock's cinematic creation of ""Rebecca"". I must have watched it as a child. I was glad that I couldn't actually remember the ending.The young bride narrates and the reader journeys through her somewhat obsessive thought process as she meets the inhabitants of Manderley--her new home.The writing is superb and the main (unnamed) character especially is completely and some times frustratingly realistic. Wonderful!"
"""Rebecca"" had several elements that I loved:  a large Gothic-style manor, ghosts, mystery and suspense.  In the book, the narrator (in which interestly her first name is never revealed) is a young English lady of twenty-one, who is working as a ""companion"" to a middle-aged American gossip-loving socialite.  The young lady and her employer are staying at a hotel in Monte Carlo, where the young lady is introduced to Maxim de Winter, the owner of a large English manor house called Manderley who has lost his wife in a tragic drowning one year prior.  Mr. de Winter is a strange, serious man which everyone attributes to the loss of his wife, Rebecca.The narrator and Mr. de Winter have an odd relationship over the course of the couple of weeks in Monte Carlo and when the narrator is told she is to go to New York, Mr. de Winter proposes marriage.  The narrator, longing for something more in life, agrees to marry him.  She is deeply in love with him, although he often remains distant and mysterious.  She expects that life at Manderley will be quite different from what she actually finds once she arrives there.Although the first Mrs. de Winter is no longer living, there are traces of her all throughout the mansion.  The new Mrs. de Winter is told how wonderful Rebecca was and is very insecure in herself in that she feels she can't live up to Rebecca's reputation.  Rebecca's maid, the eerie Mrs. Danvers, immediately dislikes the new Mrs. de Winter.  As days go by at Manderley, the new Mrs. de Winter begins to have serious doubts that her marriage will be successful and that the house she is living in is still under Rebecca's influence.  Maxim becomes more and more distant and odd, and the narrator becomes more uneasy and afraid, as is understandable as the mystery of what happened to Rebecca is unraveled.I really enjoyed the author's writing style - vivid descriptions with each scene set up nicely.  The author did a remarkable job of creating a suspenseful atmosphere.  Although I saw some of the mysteries of Rebecca's fate coming well ahead of time, there were still some new surprises waiting for this reader.  I would liken reading the book to walking through a large, historic manor house like Manderley, with each turn and hallway revealing another twist in the story and finding surprises all along the way.  I've seen other reviews that have said they found the book slow and dull, but I didn't want to put it down until every mystery was solved.My only letdown of the novel was that even while Rebecca was not a nice person, I found it very weak for the main character to stand by Maxim de Winter so faithfully after what he had done.After the story ended, I found it helpful to reread the first couple of chapters to be happily fulfilled with the ending."
"It's a book.  Good shape, good reqading.  Required reading in many high schools."
"I had known about this book for as long as I can remember, but just recently read it for the first time. What a great read! I thought that because it was written in 1938 it might be good but would be hard to read, etc. Not true. It moves really quickly and the story really grips you from the very beginning. It only took me about 5 days to read. It would have taken less time than that, but as I reached the end I wanted to make it last so I slowed down the pace. There are a few twists that I definitely did not see coming. I loved this book and plan to read some of Du Maurier's others as well. The 1940 Hitchcock film is a nice complement to the book, but just bear in mind that they do make some changes and it's not exactly true to the book, but still entertaining in its own right. I highly recommend the book and the movie!"
This is a hauntingly great story.  The first thing I did when I read the very last sentence was to start from the beginning and reread the first chapter.  It is one of those books that makes you think about it after it ends.  What a Classic.
It's been a very long time since I first read this book.  We reviewed it at book club and everyone much enjoyed reading it again.  The book arrived early enough for me to read it and make the necessary notes.
"It was a great book, a gift for my mom. She received it in a timely manner, and was very pleased!"
"I read this book for our September book club meeting.  The author's style of writing sends you back to a former time period.  You actually see Manderlay through the eyes of the narrator.  The eeriness of Mrs. Danvers comes through loud and clear.  Even if you've read this before and seen Alfred Hitchcock's movie, it is still great fun."
"I didn't personally read it but my granddaughter read it for summer reading assignment. It wasn't her favorite book but it's not ""junk"" reading.  I'm sure it will be beneficial for her English class."
"I found the storyline of this book appealing, so I bought it to read. It was my first Du Maurier book. Everything about this book is great. The storyline is so appealing and interesting.  The characters are great.  Even the characters who aren't meant to be likable (e.g. Ms. Danvers) can still be appreciated because Daphne Du Maurier is so good at creating and developing them. I love the dark, mysterious atmosphere this book created from the first page to the last. Du Maurier is also very good at providing a detailed look at the setting so you can imagine it all in your mind like you're really there. I won't give away any of the plot, but it held my interest all the way through and wasn't predictable to me at all. I couldn't put this book down and when I finally finished it, I was sad to be finished.  By the next day, I already wanted to read it all over again, but instead I chose to buy another one of her books (My Cousin Rachel, which is equally as good) and read it. I found myself thinking about this book days after I read it and wishing it had never ended."
"You can't say enough about this product. I am astounded by the intricate plot that carries you through it. I recently discovered this classic and I am enthralled with it. The tension between the characters draws you into the story regardless. I honestly did not see any particular reason for it to be classified as a ""romance"" in any way as it merely shows the dynamic between a married couple, as could be featured in any novel. I know the novel is, however, classified as a ""romantic suspense."" I adored the atmospheres used. The old part of Manderlay was dark and frightening, it completely paralleled with the sentiments the main character held about Maxim's old life. While the new part of the home, where they lived, was bright and new.We are never prepared to see how Rebecca was, in reality. The author implies a great deal of her from other character's perspectives and actions that turn out to be completely false. It is one of the finest suspense novels I've ever had the privilege of reading."
"The second Mrs. Maxim de Winter has just reinvented her life. She moved into a huge mansion with servants, a housekeeper, and a husband she barely knows. As she learns more about her predecessor, Rebecca, who drowned in a tragic accident, the suspense builds until the second Mrs. de Winter finally learns the truth. Full of love, lies, and dark secrets, Rebecca is one of the most enthralling books I have ever read. The first sentence is virtually incomparable: ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again."" The reader is left with far too many questions to stop reading.I would definitely recommend Rebecca to anyone who is or thinks they might be a fan of romantic suspense and doesn't mind staying up late at night reading it.  -- Randi"
The book arrived promptly and was in better condition than I expected from the description online. Great job!
"Books like Rebecca remind me from time to time what quality literature really is. Sometimes I forget, buried under stacks of entertaining but often poorly written popular fiction.At first, Rebecca is strangely reminiscent of another favorite book of mine - Jane Eyre. The main character is a young, innocent, poor girl who falls in love with a rich older man. The happiness is so near, but the shadow of the man's first wife stands in the way of it. A family secret, a haunted mansion, a deranged servant, and a fire are also major players in the story.I've said it before, I personally don't mind borrowed themes, but only if done right. A talented writer can reinterpret and reinvent an old story, add new layers to it, and Daphne du Maurier does just that. The book is beautifully written, it is haunting, it is suspenseful.I also think it takes a gifted writer to make readers get attached to a character as insecure, jealous, and timid as the second Mrs. de Winter. Daphne du Maurier succeeds once more. The main character is very compelling and her fears are palpable. I found myself sharing the heroines insecurities (after all, why shouldn't she question her husband's feelings toward her if he treats her like a child, a pet and doesn't make an effort to let her know where he stands in regard to his first wife?), being scared of and intimidated by Mrs. Danvers, and taunted by the memories of the first (possibly superior) wife.Rebecca is simply a great book all around, deservedly a masterpiece of English literature and from now on - a new favorite love story of mine, to be treasured and kept near Gone With the Wind, Jane Eyre, Pride and Prejudice, Wuthering Heights, and The Thorn Birds."
"SPOILERS... maybe?I had heard the audio CD unabridged.  I previously rated it four stars because I was disappointed by characters' actions, especially the narrator.  Also, I still don't see this novel as supernatural or haunting.Over time, I have thought about the story, the characters, and the dialogue.  This changed my views on this novel, or should I say, the audiobook.Why did the author name the novel ""Rebecca"" after the dead woman?  Is this book always about Rebecca?  To me, Rebecca had been referenced too many times by bunch of characters, including the narrator.Speaking of the narrator, she experienced relationships and personalities.  The book had focused mainly on that.  If I were an author, like du Maurier and (strangely) the narrator, I must have a reason why I titled the novel ""Rebecca,"" despite relationships and personalities after Rebecca's death.To be honest, I am siding with the snobby woman (Ms. van Hopper) about the narrator and Maxim's relationship.  In her view, they have seen each other for one month and known each other not very well, and they have rushed into marriage.  However, Ms. van Hopper had approved their engagement and marriage AND let the narrator go to be with Maxim.Why couldn't Ms. van Hopper arrange the narrator with the boy around her age?  She disapproved the narrator and Maxim's relationship.  Nevertheless, the narrator lied to Ms. van Hopper a lot, and she did not feel uncomfortable of hurting her a lot.  In fact, she and Ms. van Hopper had acquinted each other very much, and they never gave each other chances to be close friends.  If the narrator hadn't married Maxim, then Ms. van Hopper would have set her up lots of young men, and Maxim would have located Ms. van Hopper's location in New York.During Mandalay, the mansion owned by Maxim, the narrator fell into the preys of Mrs. Danvers, who strangely admired and unconditionally honored Rebecca all over Mandalay after Rebecca's death.  Mrs. Danvers had used Rebecca's death to harass, abuse, and neglect the narrator throughout the novel.  How is this supernatural or haunting?Throughout the novel, Maxim barely knew the narrator very well, even in marriage.  He was not thinking of others (Mandalay, his reputation, marriage, Ms. van Hopper, the narrator and her feelings, and Rebecca) before himself, and I don't think other characters, even the narrator, were thinking of others before themselves.  To me, these characters were very selfish, including the narrator and Maxim; even with Rebecca's TRUE nature, the living were very selfish.  In fact, the narrator was more concerned of Maxim's love for the narrator instead of Maxim's overall feelings, especially during the costume party and the aftermath of the party.Also, even with Rebecca's true nature, I don't even know Rebecca very well, and I don't think any reader knows Rebecca very well other than Mrs. Danvers and Maxim themselves.  To me, Rebecca is just a name..."
"I can't remember how old I was when I first read Rebecca --about 11, I  believe.  Since that very first reading, this classic novel of suspense has occupied a place among the very small, very select ""club"" of my all-time favorite books.  These are the books that I have read many times and will doubtless read many more times in my lifetime.So many reviews have already been written about this book, and so much has already been said that there's really nothing for me to add.  Except to say that Anna Massey's narration is absolutely superb.  She manages to do what so few narrators can --- she actually makes this book even better."
"This book is full of unrealistic people and situations. For a start, the young woman narrator is never named. It is puzzling that no one ever calls her by her first name. In the beginning of the story she is employed by a rich American woman to speak to party guests and light their cigarettes. As she is shy and awkward in social situations, it's hard to imagine her in this role. For much of the book the woman and Maxim relate at a superficial level. There is not the close personal relationship you would expect between lovers. You have to wonder why Maxim did not divorce Rebecca instead of  taking the drastic step of murder. This is most unrealistic. It is hinted that Mrs Danvers, the housekeeper who liked Rebecca, burns down the house Manderley at the end of the book. Maxim and his wife move to a hotel on a Mediterranean island. How come  no insurance? The land must have been very valuable as well. There was no reason to leave England. It's unrealistic that a rather pathetic person like Rebecca would have  influence from the grave. Possibly Daphne du Maurier wrote this book with her tongue in her cheek. With the house called Manderley she obviously had to get in the phrase ""on the road to Manderley,"" which she does, near the very end. Maybe this book is actually a spoof of  low brow, badly written melodrama."
"This was a great book.  Daphne Dumaurier obviously loves the gift of words. She is very descriptive.  I felt as if I were there observing the unfolding of the many twists and turns that this story reveals.  I became impatient with the narrator at times, but I realized that  She must be that sort of character in order to complete the story.  A classic!!!"
"This book was written in 1938 so it seems very long winded for today's standards.  The suspense is there and it holds your attention but at the same time, I just wanted the author to get on with the story already."
"Although the story begins slowly, (due to Du Maurier's painstakingly descriptive writing style), it nevertheless vividly sets the dark and gloomy atmosphere that pervades Manderly, the ancestral home of the hero, Max de Winter who is tormented by a dark secret.This is an excellent novel for those students of early 20th century British society and mores, and for those who like a good ""who done it""."
"This concise book by Daphne du Maurier shows her as one of the English language's most stellar writers.In only a few chapters she takes us through a catastrophic story of love, loss and redemption through the eyes of a naive, but trustworthy, young narrator.It is tragic as all great literature must be, and yet hopeful.If you haven't read this novel, do so soon. It offers a grand story that is both modern and timeless."
"I have not quite finished this book, but it offers twists the further you read.  It was a little difficult to get into, but I am very glad I kept reading."
"Daphne du Maurier is one of the best novelists of our time and Rebecca is one of the best suspense novels of our era.  This enthralling novel encompasses the very best of romantic suspense and murder mystery.  The author succinctly shows us how perception and reality can be perceived as polar opposites and the consequences of misconstrued assumptions about others can lead to estrangement and confusion.Rebecca is the deceased, first Mrs. de Winter and when our narrator, the second Mrs. de Winter, arrives at Manderly she is bombarded with a house enshrined to the memories of the first Mrs. De Winter who, by all appearances, was the perfect wife and socialite - beautiful, intelligent.  Her untimely death was a terrible shock to Manderly and the people who knew her. The second Mrs. De Winter feels she will never fit in but before long she realizes that all is not what meets the eye.The key players, from the brooding Maxim de Winter, the sinister Mrs. Danvers, the beautiful Rebecca, our story's narrator, and de Winter's haunting estate, Manderly, are so real and come alive as characters.  The story is very intense and sets a hypnotic, haunting mood and keeps you turning the pages from the enticing beginning to the surprising end.This novel has it all, murder, mystery, romance, and suspense and it is one of the best love stories ever written.  Ms. du Maurier has written one of the finest gothic suspense novels of our time."
"DuMaurier's classic gothic suspense novel, the book she's best known for although I wager it's not her best (I have two others by her in my TBR pile, so we'll see).  I remember reading this as a teenager, and always wanted to re-read it.  Found a beautiful leather-bound edition at a secondhand bookstore, and it even includes a smattering of illustrations (I wish publishers still did that!).""Last night I dreamed of Manderley"", that now-classic opening line, is as wonderfully foreshadowing as I remembered, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the story had lost none of its luster in the re-read, which so often happens.  Things are often never as good as you remember, but that wasn't the case here.  It still had the same modern gothic sense of foreboding and subtle malice, a delicious little shiver for the spine.  Nothing supernatural here, yet a haunting is precisely what it us.  Reading it as an adult, married woman as opposed to a 15-year old high school-er gave it a much different perspective, too.I'd forgotten that the first name of the narrator is never revealed, and you know her only as the second Mrs. deWinter.  You never feel a distance in that, though, maybe because she tells the story in a first-person narrative, so it's as if you're reading her diary.  ""Rebecca"" is the name that rings in your head, as it's meant to.  The dead first wife of Maxim deWinter - the glamorous, famous and beautiful Rebecca, a haunting presence in every way.  Then there's Manderley, the house of legend that is itself a dark and psychologically haunted character, very much imbued with a life of its own.  Of course there's the unforgettably sinister Mrs. Danvers, who remains to this day a literary template for the classic evil housekeeper.I couldn't quite remember the specific details of the underlying mystery - that is, what really happened to Rebecca - from when I read it so many years ago, but as soon as I got close to it I did remember, and re-read it all again in wonderfully chilling detail.It would be intuitive to assume the narrator is based on the author, as many of those things tend to be, but I've heard that Rebecca's character is based on duMaurier herself, who was known to be a beauty in her day and a bit of a glamour queen in her own right, much sought after by the paparazzi and the buzz of many a social circle.  She may have a skeleton or two in the closet as well - bisexuality, a love affair with a woman, and other salacious bits.  She comes from an illustrious and fascinating artsy family of actors, writers, and painters, and I'd love to read a biography of her at some point.(Soon after finishing this I read the sequel written some years later by Susan Hill, long out of print but which I found at a library sale in Carrollton.  It was faithful to the storyline and the character personalities, but for various reasons I didn't enjoy it quite as much.  Might write a review for it later, if I get a chance.  Now I'm reading a cute little mystery by Joanna Challis that features duMaurier as a young woman involved in a mystery that inspired the Rebecca story.  Having fun with the whole Rebecca canon here.)  :)"
"Daphne DuMaurier, who is little known today by many modern readers, published her fifth novel, 1938's 'Rebecca' which went on to become of the most popular novels of all time. But, be it damned or hailed, 'Rebecca' is a novel that still stands today as an intricate work of deep set emotions, psychological insights and complex relationships among human beings during the course of one hopelessly doomed and failed marriage. It has been called a gothic novel, which is not far off, for the atmosphere of DuMaurier's Rebecca is something of sinister and cold, with Manderley as its forbidding crown and of course it's now deceased former mistress, Rebecca herself.Mind you, the novel is slow at first, taking quite a bit of time with a lengthy introduction, which as mentioned in any other review of this novel, contains one of the most well known lines in fiction, ""Last Night I Dreamt I went to Manderley again', but the beginning creates a cold, depressing atmosphere that quickly turns into an interesting, if not odd, romance between a strange rich English man named Maxim DeWinter and the unknown protagonist of the novel who is never given a name, a ploy obviously done on purpose by Ms. DuMaurier herself. The story takes off then, and shoots into a new bold direction where the romance blossoms, Maxim and her marry and move to his big mansion called Manderley where a creepy housekeeper called Mrs. Danvers and the looming presence of a Maxim's infamous first wife torment the young new bride into a realm of terror and mystery.The book itself has quite a bit of controversy surrounding it. First off, Ms. DuMaurier was sued in court for the act of plagiarizing the novel but won her case, it has also been called a rip off of Charlotte Bronte's well known 'Jane Eyre' I have read both novels and although Jane Eyre stands today as a classic, it is not anything like DuMaurier's `Rebecca'. First off, Bronte's `Jane Eyre' stands as a testimony of one woman who stands up for herself and thanks to several wild twists of fate gets a happy ending. `Rebecca' although, deals with a woman who once again, like Jane, marries a rich man who owns a creepy old mansion and has a secret about his former wife, is a different story. When reading `Rebecca' I find that the novel deals more about marriage, and how it fails, and the things we do to keep it going. ""We can never go back,"" says the narrator at the beginning of Chapter Two, ""that much is certain. The things we have tried to forget and put behind us, would stir again..."" By reading that line, we can clearly see DuMaurier was writing about the demons we all keep locked away in our closets, the things that haunt us, torment us and obviously, in her heroine's and husband's case, ruin us. Jane Eyre, although dealing with demons, tends to focus more on the main character and deals with one woman's entire life, rather than a single time period. It also has a happier ending, where as `Rebecca' doesn't. By the end we know that although they remain married, both characters are doomed to always be haunted, always be troubled and always remember what happened. They will never happy. They will go on living forever in a state of dull compliancy trying to escape the past. The marriage is failed in the end. It's a disaster. Rebecca will always haunt them. Always.I also believe that is this a very personal work for Ms. DuMaurier. There are tons of little one liners that seem to suggest she had a strong connection with her writing. ""Happiness is not a possession to be prized. It is a quality of thought, a state of mind,"" her heroine suggests early on. And, later, one of the characters suggests that there is almost nothing worse than a failed marriage. Maxim seems to think so, suggesting what happened between his first wife and him. It is said, that DuMaurier herself was unhappy with her own marriage and highly suggested in her biography as well as the dramatazion of her life in the BBC special, `Daphne' which makes the claim that Daphne DuMaurier had two lesbian affairs. Whether this is true or not, I don't really know.Is `Rebecca' melodramatic? At times, yes. Is `Rebecca' a masterpiece? Yes. I would say so. And, although I claim DuMaurier as not only my personal favorite author, but as one of the best I have ever read from, I will say that `Rebecca' takes the cake for her very best. In my opinion, it is her most personal effort, her most strong and powerful. I do suggest reading her other works, especially, ""I'll Never Be Young Again,"" and ""My Cousin Rachel."" But, I will not lie, `Rebecca' is not for everyone. I find it relatable, and insightful as well as a gripping emotional mystery. Give it a read, it is worth it, still. In the end, you can tell that `Rebecca' in all it's glory, its power, and style is DuMaurier herself in its own special way."
"Daphne du Maurier has the talent to engulf you in her own mysterious world.  With complete mastry of her own plot, she manages to captivate her reader till the very end of her book.  I loved her books, and ""Rebecca"" is her masterpiece. I really couldn't put down the book until I reached the last page."
"This review is for the reader thinking -'Yes, I know Rebecca is a classic, and the seminal work of Gothic fiction (where 'the' rhymes with 'tree', not 'duh').  But it a good read?  And how does it compare with the movie?'It's been several weeks since I listened to Rebecca on audio CD, narrated by Anna Massey, and like its title character, the story haunts you long after you've finished the read.Why?  Because the primary characters - Maxim, his brides I and II, Mrs. Danvers - don't so much interact, as haunt each other through the narrative.  Their dialogue, on surface, is formal and prim, yet their conversions are dominated but chilling subtext - innuendo, suggestion, uncomfortable silence, discomforting looks.  Their inner lives dominate each exchange, making Rebecca a wonderful, suspenseful chess game.Anna Massey's audio narration is spot on, capturing male and female characters equally well.The film is classic Hitchcock - filled with beauty and suspense.  However, please read the book first!  No film could ever capture the subtlety of these characters (although Olivier comes close).  Also, the film includes some plot changes - demanded by Hollywood convention at the time - that detract from the story.I strongly recommended listening to the unabridged audio CD, but have no doubt Rebecca would fly off the written page too."
"I read and loved this book as a teenager.  I recently re-read it and loved it just as much.  It's a wonderfully atmospheric read which is part mystery, part romance but not entirely either.The story is about a girl (she narrates the book, but we never learn her name) who is working as a lady's companion.  In Monte Carlo they meet the taciturn Maxim de Winter, who recently lost his much loved wife Rebecca when she tragically drowned.  She marries him and they return to his country estate, Manderley.  Rebecca's presence can be felt everywhere: her belongings are still lying around, her clothes are still laid out in her bedroom and the staff follow the routines that she set.  The new wife becomes obsessed with her predecessor, who seemed in every way to be her polar opposite: beautiful, glamorous, highly admired and very close to the icy housekeeper, Mrs Danvers.  The book draws you in and I felt like I could completely identify with the heroine even while I was desperately wishing she would stand up for herself more.Just when you are starting to wonder if there is going to be anything more to the story, it takes a dramatic turn.  The central mystery is resolved and it turns into a different style of book, almost a thriller - but still centered on the mysterious Rebecca.While it's clearly not a modern novel, it is in no way difficult to read (if anything, it's hard to put down).  One thing that is interesting is that having been written in the 1930s, characters can react to events in a way that they probably wouldn't in a modern novel, even if it were set at the same time.The first couple of chapters are a little slow but do stick with it as you'll be hooked in no time - and then when you've finished the book you'll want to re-read them.  This would be the perfect book to read curled up by the fire on a wintry afternoon."
"Published in 1938, REBECCA was the third major work of novelist Daphne du Maurier (1907-1989), who was previously best known for the 1936 novel JAMACIA INN.  Critical reception was lukewarm.  Some accused the novel of being emotionally overwrought; others pointed out that plot was commonplace; still others described it as little more than a modern reworking of Charotte Bronte's JANE EYRE.  But it was an instance in which the public was far head of the critics: it flew off bookstore shelves and quickly became one of the most popular novels of its era.  It has never been out of print, and over time critical assesment has changed.  REBECCA is now widely considered one of the great English novels of the 20th Century.The story does indeed have roots in the gothic romance novels of the 1800s and most particularly in Bronte's JANE EYRE.  The narrator, whose name is never noted in the novel, is a young and socially inexperienced woman who meets, loves, and marries wealthy aristocrat Maxim de Winter.  But there is an unexpected darkness.  Maxim has been previously married.  His first wife died in a tragic boating accident.  Her name was Rebecca.When the second Mrs. de Winter arrives at Manderley, the great estate of the de Winter family, she finds it maintains a routine specified by Rebecca and enforced by housekeeper Mrs. Danvers, who was Rebecca's servant.  She senses Rebecca's presence throughout the house.  She begins to compare herself to Rebecca and finds herself sadly lacking.  She wonders why Maxim married her, a woman with no background, breeding, wealth, or beauty.  Her intensifying insecurities not only prey upon her mind, they make her vulnerable to the manipulations of those on the estate, Mrs. Danvers in particular, who regard her as an unworthy outsider.But the second Mrs. de Winter has dangerously misjudged not only her own situation but the truth behind Rebecca's seemingly endless hold upon Maxim, Mrs. Danvers, and the estate.  It has a darker basis than she suspects--and the great grace of the novel, which lifts it from the commonplace to the status of masterpiece, is du Maurier's ability to endow her characters with shockingly plausible life and to communicate the narrator's turn of mind through a delicately crafted yet amazingly powerful poetic narrative.  From first line to last word, Rebecca rises like a ghost from the pages of the novel, as mysterious as the sea mist that so often encroaches on the lawns of the estate, as tangible as a tea tray by the fire--and all without ever once directly appearing in the novel.  It is a remarkable literary feat.The novel, of course, was translated into an equally famous film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine.  Those who come to the book from the film will be surprised: although the film every effectively captures the tone of the book, it follows the story only up to a point, for the book's plot was not acceptable to the film censors of the day.  But regardless of whether you come to the novel from the film or simply come to the novel cold, REBECCA is a brilliant work, and while she wrote a great many other fine works it remains Daphne du Maurier's great accomplishment, and indeed one of the great accomplishments of 20th century fiction.  Strongly recommmended.GFT, Amazon Reviewer"
"That famous line starts off the begining of Du Maurier's classic novel. The twenty-year-old female protaganist--whose first name we never know--is thrown into a whirlwind romance when she meets a much older man in a Monte Carlo hotel. He has recently lost his wife Rebecca, and is using his stay in Monte Carlo as a way to try and forget the past. Against her employer's advice, the unworldy and reserved protaganist becomes the new Mrs.de Winter in short order, and soon the couple return to his estate, Manderley.There, the new Mrs.de Winter expects everything to be perfect. Her illusions are quickly shattered when she realizes her new husband may still be in love with his dead wife, and seems to be hiding something from his past. Also, the Manderley housekeeper resents Mrs. de Winters presense for some unknown reason, and the west wing of the house is mysteriously not being used any longer. As the new Mrs. de Winter falls further and further under Manderley's spell she comes to realize that things are not always what they appear.Even though the theme of Rebecca may be a bit outdated in this day and age (my reaction would have been VERY different than the new Mrs. de Winter on learning the truth about my husband), this book definitely still stands the test of time. Slightly creepy and gothic, it's an interesting look into the lives of the wealthy and high-class almost a hundred years ago. Rebecca is like a fairy tale gone slightly wrong, for adults."
"This has always been one of my favorite books. My ""old"" copy has pages falling out I have read it so many times.I'm sure for many people today it will seem ""dated"" and ""mild""... but at the time it was written it was amazing... and to me timeless."
"DuMaurier's classic novel holds up some seventy plus years after it was written. I is a wonderful prototypical Gothic tale. As the plot twists and turns, the reader is left wondering what will happen next. The characters are well developed (even somewhat overdeveloped in the classic style). The author's ability to write then entire novel without ever using the protagonist's Christian name is an interesting variation.We read this for a book club. Some members had editions with an epilogue that was very confusing, conflicting and repeated a lot of information that is in the first chapter. After considerable digging on the internet, we found that this ""epilogue"" is actually notes used by the author in writing the book. To include this chapter without explanation is, in my opinion, a violation of the trust we place in publishers.Overall, this is simply a great book."
"Rebecca tells the story of Mandalay, a house in the English countryside that is haunted by the memory of Rebecca, Maxim De Winter's first wife.  Maxim has remarried yet neither he nor anyone he knows can forget the beautiful and alluring Rebecca.  This makes life almost unbearable for Maxim's new wife.  The most interesting aspect of this book is that the main character, the second Mrs De Winter, has no name.  Given that the story is told from her perspective there is really no need to have one.The book was most famously adapted for the big screen by Alfred Hitchcock in 1940.  Anyone can see why.  This book has all characteristics of a classic Hitchcock film - an innocent in peril, a frustrated love, a creepy villain and a sense of something sinister lurking just beneath the surface.  The novel is set in the 1930s and much of the story's twists and turns owe their plausibility to that era.  Without giving too much away, many of the plotlines would have turned out differently had forensic evidence been available at that time.  I enjoyed this book primarily because of the quality of the writing - it is first rate.  Rebecca is an excellent read."
"I never re-read books. How can I find time when there is so much I haven't even read for a first time? But I wanted to try and so I did with Rebecca. A novel I first read over 15 years ago. Funny how little I remember, including the climax and the surprise and bitter ending. The writing is superb, and I was inseparable from the book through the last 100 pages. The character development and depiction is one of the strongest traits of du Maurier, and it is no better pronounced than in the characters of Manderly - the estate, Mrs. Danvers, and Rebecca herself. Manderly being the ultimate beautiful estate, which becomes the unnecessary victim in this harsh story of murder, mystery and a fight for justice. Rebecca is as much alive as she is dead, and our narrator remains nameless throughout. Even on a second read, the book captivated me through and through, and I am quite happy to have gone down the pages one more time. Highly recommend it."
this book came in a timely manner and was in such good shape.  thanks
"Daphne du Maurier's most famous book, Rebecca is told through the eyes of the young second wife of Maxim de Winter. Previously an unworldly companion, she is intimidated by Maxim's house, servants, friends and, most of all, his first wife Rebecca, a beautiful, charming, talented woman who had died, apparently in a boating accident.A haunting tale of mystery and suspense."
"****Warning: SPOILERS****The Rebecca of DuMaurier's novel is more ambiguous than her film counterpart.  Though in film and book she is revealed to us by the self-interested (and justifying) second Mrs. De Winter, there are sufficient departures to create a more complex dead woman. One is sorrier for her in the book than in the film, but the film condenses much, leaving less time for reflection, tempting quick judgment.I don't think it was mentioned in the film, but ""Danny"" Danvers, the maid of the film, in book and film alike clinging to Rebecca's clothes, pillowcases, and other finery with evident homoerotic longing, is the woman who raised Rebecca from birth. She tells what a ""beauty"" Rebecca was from the age of 12. Rebecca had no mother, just Danvers.  Insert your own conclusions. Favell, as in the film, is introduced as Rebeccca's ""first cousin,"" but while this seemed like a euphemism for a returning lover, in the book he is confirmed as a first cousin with whom she probably had a sexual relationship. The whiff of something verging on incest is strong in both cases. Certain subtleties, like Maxim's remark that at any party there were a few others, or in a particular instance a half dozen ""persons"" that Rebecca took to her cottage to spend the nights, and the parallel of Rebecca in trousers to ""a boy with the face of a Boticelli angel,"" strongly suggest the character's bisexuality. With all the priggishness of 1938 Maxim assures us ""Rebecca...was not even normal."" Going back and reading the first chapter (as anyone must upon reading the last page) the second Mrs. DeWinter seemed smug, bratty, naive.A note on the doctor visited at the end of the Hitchcock version, to find out if Rebecca was pregnant on the night of her death. In the film he is shown in lurid shadows, as if to suggest the character's need of a dispenser of anti-biotics, birth control and perhaps even abortion after her many debauches. In the book, he is a reputable physician operating in daylight. Rebecca only saw him once, to confirm her mortal illness (uterine cancer). Danvers, with the confidence of her intimate relationship with Rebecca, whatever it may have been, assures everyone that Rebecca was ""above all that."" Her acts with her cousin notwithstanding, one wonders about Rebecca's true identity, sexual or otherwise. I even found myself wondering whether she might have been gay. Rebecca disclosed something to Maxim on Day 5 of their marriage that turned it into a ""deal"" and ""arrangement.""I was also very dissapointed to read that in the book Maxim shot Rebecca dead in the heart, at close range. In the film it was an accident, and I could sympathize with him and his bride as a result.  But Max -- good family name notwithstanding, it's called a DIVORCE. Why kill her?"
"Okay, I am NOT the brightest person on this earth.  But even I know that murder is not okay.  Even if the murder victim was a cruel, twisted person who was going to die anyway; its still not okay to murder them.  I can't believe that we, as the reader, are supposed to sympathize with the murderer; and his silly wife.  What decent woman would stay with a man after she finds out he's killed someone?  I would be worried he might knock me off too.  I find I could not even like any of the characters.  I was actually rooting for the 'bad' guys in the end.  The main character is weak, silly, and boring.  I understand feeling inferior or lack of confidence, but she was ridiculous.  And her husband was cold and condesending toward her.  I thought the book dragged a little, but was well written in a technical way.  But having to sit through the main character's constant paranoid imagination was torture.  I kept waiting and hoping something would redeem her and her husband, but nothing happened.  The writer introduces characters that are ultimately useless to the story, such as Ben, the'idiot'.  And then the book ends abruptly.  I guess I can't complain too much about it ending since it was an awful book.  I read this because I had heard from a number of people about how great and suspenseful it was.  Maybe I am desensitized; or I am just too simple to catch on to the 'suspense'.  I do understand that it was written in a time where people certainly thought differently about things than we do today.  But seriously, even in today's crazy world; its still not okay to kill people off.  I would NOT reccommend reading this book to anyone."
"Love Plays An Important Part, But This Is Not A 'Romance Novel'I really enjoyed Rebecca by Daphne Du Maurier.Mr. Maxim de Winter is vacationing in Monte Carlo when he meets our narrator who is employed as a lady's companion to the perfectly dreadful, Mrs. Van Hopper.  When Mrs. Hopper falls ill our nameless narrator falls in love with Mr. De Winter and marries him.Once they return to England and his home, the beautiful and renown Manderley, she discovers that she is haunted by the former Mrs. de Winter, who is ever present despite that fact that she is dead.What does it do to your confidence to be constantly compared to  someone who came before you?My reading was periodically interrupted by various things from the real world (preparing meals, packing lunches, doing laundry, how annoying) and each time I was interrupted I was anxiously wondering what was going to happen to the de Winters?  How would things work themselves out?The author creates a lush and vivid setting.  I thought the words were beautiful and the story telling was wonderful.  The characters were well drawn the situations and dialogue realistic.  It was all very very enjoyable.  I would have loved more.I was a bit disappointed in the specific copy that I chose to read.  I'm always aware of how many pages I have left to read.  I knew the book ended at page 410 so when the story itself ended on page 386 I was a bit surprised.  The remaining pages were a letter from the editor, a note from the author, an article that the author had previously published and the original epilogue, much of which was included in the first chapter of the book.  I wish I had known.This would be a wonderful book for a book club.I will be reading more of Daphne Du Maurier."
"With only the title and cover in mind, Daphne du Maurier's novel Rebecca could easily be mistaken for a sappy romance novel filled with love triangles, beautiful women, and implausible scenarios. Fortunately, it is not. Beginning with the first line, ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again"" (1), you become a captive of this magnificent piece of literature, captivated by its suspense, romance, and intrigue as we follow a young woman battle the past to make herself known in her own home.Set on the Cornish coast in England in the 1920's, the novel revolves around Manderley, the beautiful, isolated estate of Mr. Maxim de Winter. Our narrator, whose first name is unknown throughout the novel, meets and quickly marries the recently widowed Mr. de Winter.  When they arrive at Manderley after their honeymoon, the young bride becomes consumed by the apparently unforgettable life of the late first Mrs. de Winter, the stunning Rebecca. Although she has been dead for over a year, nothing at Manderley has been altered. Much of the estate remains exactly as it has been since the night she mysteriously disappeared into the clutches of the sea. While the second Mrs. de Winter tries her best to acclimate to this new, proper world, having been only a companion to a wealthy woman traveling in France, she finds herself constantly comparing herself to Rebecca, self-conscious and timid beneath the searing eyes of Mrs. Danvers, Rebecca's personal maid who still runs Manderley and is constantly making her feel like an intruder in her own home.""Something, in the expression of her face, gave me a feeling of unrest, and even when she had stepped back, and taken her place amongst the rest [of the servants], I could see that black figure standing out alone, individual and apart, and for all her silence I knew her eye to be upon me."" (67)The second Mrs. de Winter becomes a slave to Rebecca, terrified of disturbing the spirit who still controls Manderley.""She was in the house still as Mrs. Danvers had said, she was in that room in the west wing, she was in the library, in the morning-room, in the gallery above the hall. Even in the little flower-room, where her mackintosh still hung. And in the garden, and in the woods, and down in the stone cottage on the beach. Her footsteps sounded in the corridors, her scent lingered on the stairs. The servants obeyed her orders still, the food we ate was the food she liked. Her favourite flowers filled the rooms. Her clothes were in the wardrobes in her room, her brushes were on the table, her shoes beneath the chair, her nightdress on her bed. Rebecca was still the mistress of Manderley."" (233)As the novel progresses and the second Mrs. de Winter begins to resent the world she is trapped within, Rebecca's, she digs deeper into the secrets of Manderley and the real fate of the first Mrs. de Winter. There is no doubt that Rebecca is a masterpiece. Daphne du Maurier's writing caresses the tongue as Beethoven's Ninth Symphony caresses one's ears. Its chilling plot, vivid characters, and superb descriptions draw you into Manderley's immense halls, and you feel as though you are by the second Mrs. de Winter's side as she uncovers the secrets of Manderley and its former mistress - secrets that were never supposed to surface again. Although the very beginning of the novel was a little slow, the plot quickly thickens and you become completely enthralled.  Filled with brilliant language, stirring emotion, and nearly unbearable suspense, Rebecca is sure to have you wide awake into the wee hours of morning. I would highly recommend this novel, without any reservations, to anyone in search of an intriguing classic that can be read dozens of times without ever becoming old."
"I love this book.  It's a classic for a reason. So well written, great plot. Hitchcock made a movie out of this and DuMaurier's short story, The Birds."
"Do not be discouraged by the seemingly slow pace of this book; real life is often uneventful for a while. I did not particularly enjoy the first two chapters of Rebecca and almost made the mistake of not reading the rest so please don't put it down!  However, I probably didn't care for it at first because I was expecting a much different writing style than Daphne Du Maurier actually writes in. I will provide a suggestion: start the book by wanting to meeting the characters and absorbing the setting.  (Also, expect some people to drop in and out like in real life, as all people don't have to be important or necessary to the plot to be included.)  This is such a great mystery.  The only thing I didn't like about this was the beginning which I feel should have been placed at the end instead."
"This book is about a young bride's obsession with her husband's dead ex-wife.  When the twenty-one year old narrator meets Maxim de Winters, she falls head over heels in love with him. Some reviewers have complained that the storyline runs too slow in the beginning. I couldn't disagree more.The beginning of the book is a journey to expose the readers to the depth of the narrator's love for Maxim. She loves Maxim so much she mourns every minute she passes with him because it will soon fade away. Even as they sit, talk, or walk together, she is thinking there goes a minute with him I can never relive again. She imagines (and she imagines the worst possible scenarios often!) that years later she will look back on the moments as a distant memory and he won't even remember her.I imagine some readers may not find the narrator particularly appealing. After all, she is painfully shy, excruciatingly self-conscious, and utterly pessimistic. Normally I would find these qualities in a heroine less than desirable, but again I believe she was written this way not only to identify the readers with the intensity of the love she feels for Maxim, but also to show how that love changes her.The narrator's life with Maxim begins with doubts. Her first introduction to Maxim de Winters is that he is a widow who just can't get over his deceased wife's death. When he proposes to her when they meet in a hotel in Monte Carlo, the narrator is stunned but naively believes Maxim and her will soon begin a fairy tale life together in his beautiful estate by the name of ManderleyManderley proves to add to the narrator's insecurities. Not only are there constant reminders of Maxim's former wife everywhere, but the young bride almost begins to lose it imagining how her predecessor strolled down the same long halls, sat at the same desk, used the same phone. To make matters worse, Manderley's housekeeper, the creepy Mrs Danvers, expresses an immediate dislike of the new Mrs de Winters and she takes every opportunity to add to the narrator's fears and insecurities.When I least expected it, a bomb was dropped and the novel took a turn I could hardly have expected. All the casual comments that seemed like useless chatter begin to make sense until the truth behind every mystery is revealed. I didn't really care for the abrupt ending. I feel there should have been a few more chapters, but it was still a wonderful read. I was so enthralled by this book, I actually set my alarm for 6am when I only had a few chapters to go so that I could finish it before my daughter woke up. When the pieces start to come together, there is no way you will be able to put this book down."
"I have not even recieved the book yet, and I placed the order at the begining of January for a Bookclub I am involved with.  I am fortunate that our local library had a copy, or I would have been up a creek!  Needless to say, I am not very happy.  When I placed the order, It said that it might take up to the 29th of January for the book to get to me.  Well, I am still waiting."
"A young woman of 21, the ""paid companion"" to an elderly woman, meets Maxim de Winter, a man of means, while vacationing in Monte Carlo.  After the two spend the week driving in the country, de Winter proposes marriage to her at the moment of her leaving.  She accepts and they and make their way to a new life at de Winter's Cornish estate, Manderly.  But, very soon after arriving, the young woman realizes that filling the shoes of Maxim's former wife, ""Rebecca,"" will be a daunting task, both in that she has not been groomed in the world of riches, and that her husband may still be in love with his former wife, in spite of the fact that she is dead.The heroine in this classic novel is barely ever mentioned by name, except once she becomes ""the new Mrs. De Winter,"" thus suggesting her insignificance without his association.  Du Maurier's prose paints the anxious, tormented inner thoughts of the new wife of de Winter, who constantly feels inferior to her predecessor, and  the earlier wife's ""presence"" is keenly felt through her overpowering artifacts remaining at Manderly, as well as though the memories of those who knew her.  It is in the contrasting of  the ""modest"" new wife and the terribly confident and ever-popular Rebecca upon which the novel draws its tension, as well as through the withholding of the story's outcome until its final chapters."
"I had heard a lot about Rebecca but never thought it was one for me. While I do occasionally read classic literature, I tend to prefer more modern quick-paced novels.  In Rebecca, I was expecting a sort of gothic romance...and that is more or less what it is. I have to say though that I enjoyed this book far more than I thought I would. The story itself took a little longer to tell than what modern audiences demand. It was a bit like watching an old black and white movie and several times (mostly at the beginning) I grew a little impatient with the pace of the plot.  But stick with it for a very rewarding reading experience.The story is told from the first person POV but since the protagonist is such a timid soul, she takes quite a while to work herself up to getting something done. Lots of musing about what people might think if such and such were to happen. But then again, since the story was published in the 1930s, perceptions and family status were paramount.I have never read a book with so much ""atmosphere.""  The setting is brilliantly written and is extremely important to the plot, in essence another major character.  The characters themselves kept my attention despite the slow spots and the mystery elements were very intriguing.  I am glad I experienced this compelling novel. Overall, it was a pleasant surprise."
"For all of Rebecca's hype as the ""modern masterpiece"" of Gothic fiction, romantic suspense, etc., I think readers need to understand exactly what they will be getting with this story. I can understand people's frustration with the Second Mrs. De Winter (I wanted to slap her repeatedly too) and what they perceive as a ""boring narrative pace"" where nothing ""happens until the last hundred pages or so,"" and while these are all valid points to a degree, I think they should approach the novel from a different perspective.Rebecca is first and foremost a probe into human psychology. Du Maurier herself saw this as a ""study of jealousy."" There is romance, but the story is not romantic, nor was it intended to be. The narrator and Maxim have a love of co-dependency on her part and selfishness on his part. A forty-two year old man and twenty-one year old girl meet in Monte Carlo and marry within several weeks. The man takes his inexperienced bride back to his great estate and thrusts her into a life she's not prepared for. The Second Mrs. De Winter becomes insecure and obsessive over her husband's dead first wife, the seemingly beautiful, intelligent, and perfect Rebecca.People claim that the Second Mrs. De Winter is spineless, weak, over-imaginative, and spends her time making the situation worse than it is, imagining that she is more deficient that she is, and they are right! But the narrator is not supposed to be anything other than that.  The Second Mrs. De Winter is pathetic, and she could have solved a lot of her problems by simply firing Mrs. Danvers and/or taking initiative, but she allows her own internal fears to stop her from doing anything. She keeps trying to convince herself that she and Maxim ""are happy,"" even though the shadow of the past looms over them. When Maxim goes away to London for a few days, the narrator actually feels more free and happier than she's been in a while then tells herself she's being ""wicked,"" ""unloyal,"" that Maxim is her ""world."" The relationship has a dark undertone to it from the beginning. Even when Maxim proposes to her, she tells herself that she didn't really want a ""church wedding"" and all that, except she does.Mrs. Danvers, the creepy housekeeper, obsesses over Rebecca too and resents the Second Mrs. De Winter for both replacing her mistress AND for being a coward (if our narrator had been bold the first time they met it might have made for an entirely different dynamic between the two, maybe Danvers might even have respected her a little). Mrs. Danvers loved Rebecca for being strong, and the psychological warfare she wages upon the narrator, as well as the shrine she keeps for Rebecca makes for interesting material.Maxim is our third character study. His and Rebecca's relationship and the drama that followed could have been prevented if Maxim hadn't allowed his pride and excessive love of ""Manderly"" to...well, I leave that for the reader to discover. About halfway through the book, he asks if his wife is he was ""selfish"" for marrying her, showing that he's aware of what he's done yet there's not much he can do about it now. Maxim broods, is aloof and on the cold-blooded side, and how much he loves the narrator for herself versus her being the anti-Rebecca (and thus helping him to ""blot out the past"") is a subject of discussion.I've seen a few people who called the ending ""happily ever after."" They need to re-read the end and the beginning of the novel (which I grant--the first two chapters are a chore to get through). The narrator and Maxim survive through their ordeal, escape, and are ""free"" from the past with no ""secrets between us now,"" but they live in exile, scarred forever by what has happened. They do not go off into the sunset. In fact, one must go back to narrator's obnoxious employer, Mrs. Van Hopper, who upon hearing of her engagement to Maxim, says ""you are making a big mistake--one you will bitterly regret."" One can't help but wonder if the Mrs. Van Hopper wasn't right, not that the narrator would ever allow herself to *think* so.The character of Rebecca herself is fascinating. Dead before the story begins, we only know her through what other people say. And as the Second Mrs. De Winter's demonstrates through her own narrative, perception can be quite different from reality.If you're looking for an epic, love conquers all romance or an exciting, thrilling plot in the modern sense, Rebecca might not be for you. But if you allow yourlself to understand the subtlties of the Second Mrs. De Winter's highly subjective narrative--what she believes or imagines versus what is true--and if you are willing to journey into the complexity of human nature and relationships, Rebecca is well worth your time and energy. And once you past the first few chapters, it's quite an easy read.This is a novel of character."
"I loved this book.  I can see how it would be tough for some people to get through, as it was VERY descriptive and not so thrilling at some parts.  However, I became lost in Manderley.  I felt like I was there, like I too, was jealous of the beautiful Rebecca. I was uptight when Mrs. Danvers was mentioned, and I yearned for Mr. De Winter's touch just as the main character did.  Overall, a beautifully written book that is rightfully a classic."
"This book is in a class by itself.  A classic romantic suspense??...possibly I guess.I found myself not becoming fully interested until about Chapter 16.  From there out, the book relived a vivid nightmare for some characters.  Surpise after surpise, which kept my attention."
Daphne knows how to write and make sure that you're in the book alongside her characters. A great story...actually a classic!
"I love almost all of Du Maurier's work, but this is my absolute favorite.  Her writing is so beautiful, vivid, and macabre... I felt like I was the ""new"" Mrs. de Winter inside Manderley.  I was thinking her thoughts, feeling her insecurity, dying inside with each awkwardly intense situation.  The twists and turns in the novel will keep you up at night.  The Hitchcock film does not do this novel justice.  Rebecca will haunt you... in a good way... in the best way.  It is EXQUISITE."
"I enjoy literary fiction now and then, although it's not my usual fare, for the three-dimensional characters and polished prose. I am, however, fairly indifferent to symbolism and other literary devices (maybe I'll develop more appreciation for them eventually, once my school days are far enough behind me). And I have the feeling that if I were a lover of literary devices and critical essays, I'd give this book 5 stars. As it is.... a solid 4.The basic plot: the young, unnamed narrator receives a surprise proposal from an older man, Maxim, and moves with him to Manderley, his enormous estate. But no one can stop thinking about his recently-dead first wife, Rebecca, and there's something increasingly ominous about all of this....The plot is compelling and suspenseful without falling too far into horror, and I quite enjoyed reading it. The narrator in particular is incredibly well-realized; her shyness and self-consciousness have turned off some readers, but I found her so completely believable and relatable that this didn't bother me a bit. The secondary characters are also vivid and realistic. Maxim and Rebecca, however, gave me a bit of trouble. Maxim is rather distant for much of the book, and I was never quite sure who he was. As for Rebecca....MAJOR SPOILERSI am still trying to work out my reaction to Rebecca. Part of this is my unique experience with the book--I let a friend spoil me years ago, thinking I'd probably never read it, and she interpreted the book very differently; her view was that Rebecca is slowly revealed to be a villain, such that the reader understands and accepts Maxim's murdering her. To me, it seemed we get very few hints of Rebecca's imperfections before being simply told that she was a sociopath (although that word isn't actually used), and so I never had any visceral response to her nor thought Maxim's actions excusable. In part this may be because times have changed; a large part of what's supposed to make Rebecca so awful is her rampant adultery, which just isn't as horrifying today as it may have been in the 1930s.All that aside, I'm not entirely comfortable with the juxtaposition of the good-hearted, timid narrator whose life revolves around her husband with the sociopathic Rebecca, who's dynamic and has a life and doesn't need men (but seduces and manipulates them for fun). It's not uncommon for early-20th-century novels to portray ""good"" women who are shy and let love dominate their lives, while the ""bad"" ones want more and do more (and not caring for men, in these cases, always means engaging in romantic relationships with them anyway, but in selfish and destructive ways); a rather unfortunate worldview that we've hopefully gotten past today. At least there is the more confident and also good-hearted Beatrice to balance things out a bit./SPOILERSAt any rate, the author does a great job with the setting--which reminds me of an old movie--and with atmosphere and suspense. Everything from the weather to the plants on the estate is imbued with potentially sinister, anthropomorphic qualities. (Occasionally I had my doubts as to whether weather actually works as described, but it makes for good storytelling.) And the writing is, indeed, very good throughout. I'll leave you with a passage I particularly liked:""I wondered why it was that places are so much lovelier when one is alone. How commonplace and stupid it would be if I had a friend now, sitting beside me, someone I had known at school, who would say: `By-the-way, I saw old Hilda the other day. You remember her, the one who was so good at tennis. She's married, with two children.' And the blue-bells beside us unnoticed, and the pigeons overhead unheard. I did not want anyone with me.""It takes a very good book for me to start marking passages I like, and I'd recommend this one. But it's probably best if you don't spoil yourself first!"
"I read this book for a book club.  I would have never picked this book on my own, but I enjoyed it very much.  Difficult to get into it at first, but after about 50 pages I was hooked.  Hard to put down.  The writing is not like anything I have read in current books. Very, Very descriptive.  I wish it was available on Kindle!"
Some called this book a gothic romance but it is so much more. You get immersed in the unfolding drama and complexity of characters and your feelings towards them.....or because they may represent some part of you.
"The first book in quite a while that I had trouble putting down. Takes you back to feelings you had when you were a young lady with a lot of insecurities. I loved how she described the setting of Manderley.  A perfect blend of romance, psychological drama with a little bit of spooky thrown in. A fairly easy read. I watched Alfred Hitchcock's movie the next day which was good but I didn't enjoy it nearly as much as the book."
"My mom had recommended me reading this book because she said it was her favorite. Let me tell you, I am so glad I read it. This book is full of suspense and drama. Despite what another reviewer had said, I loved the main charater, sympathized with her, and rooted for her all the way through. The only thing I wished DuMaurier had done different was name the new Mrs. De Winter. I wish I could put a name with such a great charcter. Then again, it adds to the sort of mystery of the book.Overall, I am so glad I finally found my favorite book, Rebecca.P.S. I am a freshman in highschool"
"Like everyone here, I am a virtual slave to the book, Rebecca.  Daphne du Maurier's story captured my imagination some 40 years ago and I never fail to fall under her spell whenever my eyes steal over the opening sentences of the book.  But this is a review of the audiobook and why this is a marvelous marriage of prose and performer.It was pure serendipity that someone hired Anna Massey to read this magnificent tale.  With her well-controlled voice and actor's talent, her becomes the overwhelmed heroine as well as the curt, unseeing de Winter.  The heroine's unreasonable obsession becomes all the more believable when recounted with that cut-glass British accent.  However, her performance as Mrs. Danvers is absolutely classic.  I had the privilege of watching her play the sadistic Danvers in a 1979 mini-series and her performance even surpassed Judith Anderson's.  It is no wonder the impervious chill of her video performance returns in this audio reading.So I can recommend this highly with only only caveat.  If you are overburdened with imagination or tend to believe in what goes bump in the night, buy this product but enjoy the performance during the daylight hours or in the company of a friend.  You don't want to hear Mrs. Danvers speaking during in the cold watches of the night.  She will disturb your sleep."
"Rebecca de Winter is dead when this story begins, and yet is its strongest character. She haunts the second Mrs. de Winter (whose first name we never learn) even before her arrival at Manderley. Convinced that Mr. de Winter is still in love with Rebecca, she allows herself to be completely undone by the prospect of stepping into Rebecca's shoes. She is scared witless by Mrs. Danvers, the overbearing and creepy housekeeper, who remains devoted to Rebecca and determined to keep everything at Manderly just the way it was before Rebecca died.To be fair, Mr. de Winter seems to give absolutely no consideration of the fact that she might feel out of her league and doesn't seem to even notice her distress. However, even when the de Winters finally start communicating and things look like they might work out, she continues to act like a nitwit. It's very hard to sympathize which such a protagonist, but that aside, this is an excellent work of suspense."
"While beautiful, the descriptions are sometimes over the top. I would imagine something one way after reading a bit, then the author would say something that shattered my mental image for absolutely no necessary reason other than being hopelessly verbose. Perhaps this is my own problem, but with so many descriptions I would have to try to figure out what the particular setting was, now.Beyond that, if you are willing to skim and dig for the important points, a rather haunting book at times."
"One of my most favorite books ever.  You must remember when it was written and the period it is set in when reading.  From other reviews I see some have become bored and impatient with the book which is a shame.  If you take the time to understand the characters, including Manderley, you may find more to consider than it seems."
"""Rebecca"" has been on my to read list for years-literally. There was always something to get to first but recently I was in need of something absorbing and after I had read the first few pages it was apparent the lulling/draw you in writing style of Daphne Du Maurier fit the bill.To be honest I have no clue how to review a classic novel that has been reviewer countless times before my people much more qualified than I. So I'll be brief and base this on personal tastes only. I did enjoy this book but I have to say that all the hype about the incredible suspense of the novel seems a little unwarranted. To tell the truth I feel like I read another book altogether then what everyone else described. Especially when the ending of the novel is factored in.I loved the writing style, the language the author used and the descriptions. But I just didn't get the plot and to be honest I feel a little stupid about it. Does anyone want to explain it to me?Three stars. But because I did like the over all writing maybe I'll try another of Du Maurier's books."
"Rebecca is a book narrated by a girl just barely out of her teenage years. In spite of that, it's a book for adults, too. The poor Mrs. De Winter is thrown into a whirlwind of society and class with which she's completely unfamiliar. She's suddenly expected to be beautiful, classy, and clever right off the bat. Du Maurier excellently portrayed Mrs. De Winter's thoughts throughout the novel. Even though they never mentioned her first name, Du Maurier still was able to sculpt the heroine into a lovely character. I never once had to force myself to read this book. The suspense to see what would happen next had me reading whenever I could pick up the book. Just when I thought things were settling down, some new twist would have me reading with my nose practically touching the paper. I couldn't set it down! The characters were anything but black and white. They were more detailed then any non-biography books I've read. Sometimes, I'd be turned around and be irritated with the protagonists and sympathizing with the villains. The villains were well developed as well, not just the normal  brute force `I kill you now', but they're sly and deceitful, and you can never see their next blow until it was too late. Now that I've praised the characters completely, I actually do have one critical thing to say about Mrs. De Winter. It annoyed me that she was so groveling. She just allowed everyone to walk all over her, and she didn't say a word about it. It would've been nice for her to have been able to stand up to someone at least once before the climax. But that didn't detract severely from Rebecca. There were more than enough things to make up for it, and it was a good read anyway. I recommend this book to teenagers and adults alike."
"It's been called a mystery, a romance, a Gothic novel, been labeled the best novel of the century, criticized as intensely boring and slow, praised as a real page turner.  To some degree it all seems correct, all of those elements being presented by Dame du Maurier in her famous novel.But I say that the only thing that kept me going through the first half of Rebecca was that famous opening line:  Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.  Simply wondering why she was no longer at Manderley, what drove and kept her away, was enough motivation to get through some very, very slow and tedious narrative.I'm all for good descriptions of settings and character development, and in this book the estate Manderley is both of those, the setting and a crucial character.  But in literature there's a spectrum of development, from inadequate to just the right amount and on to excessive - development overkill, if you will.  Rebecca suffered, I think, some level of development overkill, and the details, excessive as they were, almost killed the story for me.  I thought I was in trouble by page 10 when I could barely concentrate enough through the very detailed descriptions of the Manderley countryside and such things.  Descriptions of the plants and the grounds and the woods and the animals, etc., etc.  And those same descriptions had a very frequent (and unneeded) reoccurence.  In short, many portions seemed overwritten and too detailed to the point of distracting from the story.But I read on.  By page 50 I was wondering when something would happen, a break in the story to motivate the reader with some intrigue.  Nothing.  Page 100, still nothing to grip me.  Fifty more pages, nada.  On to page 200, and by now I've been slowly, very slowly, plodding my way through this story for a month.  There was still nothing to compel me to turn pages; thus the book sat unread for many days at a time.  There was a conversation around page 130 that I thought might lead to some excitement, but then nothing.  Though one success by this point in the story, it's been made painfully clear to the reader that the unnamed Mrs. de Winter the Second is diffident, shy and weak, and that she lives in the shadow of and is haunted by the memory of the dead Rebecca.  In fact, I think the diffidence of the young Mrs. de Winter is one area where Dame Du Maurier succeeded in her excessive character development; the young wife easily brings disrespect on herself by the reader because of her lack of self-worth and confidence.Finally, at about page 220, finally the story broke open.  Finally I had reached a point that compelled me to keep reading.  Finally, a story that moved quickly and was really a very, very good and well written climax.  It became a five-star story from that point on, having elevated itself from a tedious, boring two stars.I also really liked the epilogue, the addition made by Dame Du Maurier later.  Thought it brought the story around to a good conclusion for the reader.  So in the end, while I think the overall writing was too detailed and to some degree overwritten, I did find entertainment in the story's culmination."
"Warning: spoilerA fantastic novel, that deserves a place next to ""Wuthering Hights"", ""Great Expectations"" or ""Jane Eyre"". Daphne Dumaurier's beautiful and rich writing style and amazing storytelling skills make this novel great fun to read. She handles the character development wonderfully well, in particular the overly sensitive and devoted heroine, the sinister housekeeper Mrs. Danvers, the despicable playboy Favell, and the gloomy and jaded Max de Winter.The novel works on many levels. There are some elements of the old fairy-tales Cinderella (servant-girl marries nobleman) and Bluebeard (forbidden room, murderous husband), but with a different, surprising twist. It's also a story of growing-up, as the nameless heroine matures from a timid girl into a strong-willed woman during her various trials. The author brilliantly disguises the characters' motivations, so that the true causes of things remain a mystery until about two-thirds into the novel when the main crisis unfolds. We then realise that the heroine, who sees things through the lens of her own feelings of inferiority completely misses the truth, which is to her a shock and relief at the same time.Not least, the lush, rich descriptions of the house and the surrounding Cornwell country-side, and linking of the natural elements with the mood of the story makes this novel a truly satisfying reading experience. You may not want to read another novel for a long time.Also of interest to readers would be Alfred Hitchcock's film Rebecca, which faithfully recreates the novel, with an outstanding cast."
"Featuring the whimsical prose of the introspective young main character, this book sets a mood for heavy poetic descriptions and laments into her thoughts. The reader will travel with the character and learn of the epic story of Rebecca, revealed piece by piece. The subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) pieces are enough to aid the reader in figuring out Rebecca's startling story on his or her own, but some of the twists of the book are beyond the imagination of even the most clever reader.The strengths of this book are its remarkable organization, its prose which often times caused me to stop to ponder a quote or a particular idea, the brilliantly vivid descriptions, some literary risks that the author took that worked, and most of all, its stabbing ending. While it has often been described as a page turner, I can say that I was able to put it down during the first half relatively easily, but the last fourth of the book I could not put down.The weaknesses of the story is more a matter of personal preference. I personally don't like traditional British writing for its wordiness/over descriptions. However, the descriptions were bearable as they were poetic and charming. I also had a hard time identifying with the characters and was a bit frustrated with the main character at times, but this all ended up serving a greater purpose in the end.In all this book went beyond expectations in its story line, and fell short of some (it didn't turn out to be my oh my goodness favorite book ever). No doubt that fans of British writing style should love this story which has definitely earned its place among the classics."
"Daphne du Maurier's REBECCA is my favorite book of all time -- bar none.  The opening line is famous, but I didn't know that the first time I read it (I was about 14).I just remember the magic that began with the first line:""Last night, I dreamt I went to Manderly again. . . .""The girl is young, clumsy, exquisitely sensitive. Impoverished and alone after her father's death, she was employed by a wealthy and boorish social climber, Mrs. Van Hopper, and made her living as the older woman's companion.  Maxim de Winter, handsome, fabulously rich, and the owner of Manderly, one of the finest estates in England, crosses paths with the women in Monte Carlo. As the girl falls crazy in love with de Winter, revealing herself as the most flaming romantic in all of British literature, she sees him like this:He belonged to a walled city of the fifteenth century, a city of narrow,cobbled streets, and thin spires, where the inhabitants wore pointed shoesand worsted hose. His face was arresting, sensitive, medieval in somestrange inexplicable way, and I was reminded of a portrait seen in a galleryI had forgotten where, of a certain Gentleman Unknown.And like this:Could one but rob him of his English tweeds, and put him in black,with lace at this throat and wrists, he would stare down at usin our new world from a long distant past--a past where men walkedcloaked at night, and stood in the shadow of old doorways, a past ofnarrow stairways and dim dungeons, a past of whispers in the dark,of shimmering rapier blades, of silent, exquisite courtesy.(I thought I was a romantic!)However, I never saw him the way she did. Even as a teenager, I thought de Winter was a male chauvinist pig if ever there was one, and to this day, I don't understand what women see in him:""So Mrs. Van Hopper has had enough of Monte Carlo,"" he said, ""and now she wants to go home. So do I. She to New York and I to Manderly. Which would  you prefer? You can take your choice.""""Don't make a joke about it, it's unfair,"" I said, ""and I think I had better see about those tickets, and say good-bye now.""""If you think I'm one of the people who try to be funny at breakfast, you're wrong,"" he said. ""I'm invariably ill-tempered in the early morning. I repeat to you, the choice is open to you. Either you go to America with Mrs. Van Hopper or you come home to Manderly with me.""""Do you mean you want a secretary or something?""""No, I'm asking you to marry me, you little fool.""  [Prick!]Then this:""So that's settled, isn't it?"" he said, going on with his toast and marmalade; ""instead of being companion to Mrs. Van Hopper you become mine, and your duties will be almost exactly the same. I also like new library books, and flowers in the drawing-room, and bezique after dinner. And someone to pour out my tea. . .and you must never let me run out of my particular brand of toothpaste.""  [Prick!][Women certainly don't want male chauvinist swine as employers, but we accept them as husbands and lovers, because mostly that's all there is, so we have to make do.]The spirit of Rebecca herself -- the first Mrs. de Winter -- pervades the novel like a gathering storm, a painful presence for the young woman Maxim marries after Rebecca's death.  Although du Maurier gave the second Mrs. de Winter an inner life of extraordinary richness and depth, the author did not give her a name. When I learned that she didn't havea name, I gave her mine, and she became me. I think she is simply every romantic woman who ever read this remarkable novel.Rebecca, directed by Alfred Hitchcock, is also my favorite film. Joan Fontaine brilliant as the second Mrs. de Winter; Laurence Olivier absolute perfection as Max. This film was released in 1940, so don't see it in a theatre filled with college students, because they will snicker in the wrong places and spoil the most poignant scenes for you."
"There are almost five hundred reviews on this book, so I have almost nothing to add except the following.This book is a romance/mystery written in a different time. The original publication date is 1937 or so. I have seen a lot of disappointment about the speed of the book, the main character, how the book paints women, etc. To those people, you need to understand that we haven't always been a society of people needing a ""quick fix"" or who even want to be spoon-fed, and books do not stay around as long as Rebecca because they are shallow. I rather suspect, having read Jamaica Inn, that Du Maurier intended for the heroine to be exactly as ""mousy"" as she is and that she intended there to be many questions left unanswered. The book is wonderful because even once a reader puts it down, he/she can sit and discuss it with others. Does Maxim really love the narrator or does he just want her to keep quiet? Was Rebecca the witch she was painted as or are we just getting a portrait of her third hand through the narrator (who got a lot of her material from Maxim)? Who really wins in the end? Rebecca? Maxim? And is justice really done?As you can see, the possibilities for discussion are endless, and that is exactly what makes this book so remarkable."
"This version of the audio-book is an abridged version of the book and this fact is not indicated in the listing.  The listing is incomplete and without details therefore implying that it is unabridged - very disappointing.  However, Amazon's Customer Service was excellent in remedying the problem - they gave a full refund even though the cd had been opened and offered to help find the unabridged version that we needed."
"...almost as good as ""Frenchman's Creek"" and ""The House on the Strand"" which are my DuMaurier favorites. Definitely a 5 star novel!I just got the book ""Blind Windows"" by Edwina Levin MacDonald via Inter Library Loan and was in vain searching for ANY slight similarities with ""Rebecca"". The book was sooo boring (it takes place in New Orleans) that I stopped after 50 pages. There are some old books from the early forties or thirties that are definitely worth reading like ""The Woman in Red"" by Anthony Gilbert or ""The Blank Wall"" by Elizabeth Sanxony Holding and even ""Now Voyager!"" by Olive Higgins Prouty, but ""Blind Windows"" surely is not one of those, believe me: it is plain boring. Period.After 50 pages of Southern atmosphere I finally gave up (what a waste of time!), because my hope to discover anything that reminds of ""Rebecca"" was not fulfilled.So now I can understand all that fuss about plagiarism (sp?) even less, because it does not even have any similarities with ""Rebecca"".And even if the similarities would start showing up somewhere on page 100+, why did Mrs. MacDonald even bother suing Daphne DuMaurier for plagiarism???""Blind Windows"" was released in 1927 (was it even released in the UK?...as far as I know DuMaurier never put her foot on American soil before the late forties when her American publisher invited her to the US...but o.k. lets suppose she got a worn out copy of ""Blind Windows"" while she was in Egypt with her husband in the mid thirties and homesick for Cornwall and got a little inspired by this novel...who cares???).So by the time ""Rebecca"" was published (1938), Mrs. MacDonald had already sold her book many many times and it was rather unlikely that the publication of ""Rebecca"" took any readers/profit away from her.Read ""Rebecca"", don't waste your time and money on this one (or only request it at the public library)."
Entertaining and very easy read.  Fail to understand why the book is called a classic as it was not amazing.
"I have been procrastinating in reading this novel. I'm glad I finally read it. I understand now why this novel is highly recommended and popular to other readers. Daphe du Maurier was gifted in writing and in mixing more than one genre in this story. It has a mix of romance, suspense, thriller, and mystery. The ending was unexpected and quite a surprise to me. I will never forget this story."
"Rebecca is a very well-written novel with a murder mystery twist.There isn't one character who is moral or innocent, yet everyonehas their own charm and justification for their actions.  du Mauriercreated a complex story that holds together quite well and the endingleaves no doubt as to the role that suffering, jealousy and revengeplay in the lives of some interesting characters.  A novel one canread and, then, re-read to catch some of the subtleties."
"A wonderful book, simply not to be missed. The language is rich, poetic, sensitive. All the nuance of snobbery, social mores, hierarchy of the time and English culture is beautifully portrayed.Du Maurier's love of Cornwall is strikingly set against Monte Carlo. The house, Manderley, comes alive - we live in the rooms.There is depth to the portrayal of Mrs Danvers - we feel her loss - yet we are never on her side. But the genius of Du Maurier is that we are swept along to accept the facts of Maxim's actions. We collude.The Hitchcock film avoids this, but Du Maurier was not squeamish, and in joining with her heroine we become criminal.Deeply thought provoking. A novel in the true sense."
"The book is well written and captivating. The author invites you into a world that is not well defined in time; you are ushered into a story told by an unnamed young lady who gets married to a rich man whose wife had fairly recently died. The main character, a shy and naive young lady, undergoes quite a transformation not only as she takes in her new role as a wife, but also as she struggles to meet the expectations for someone in her position. Her personal limitations are only a small piece in the puzzle that eventually reveals itself.The story varies in pace. At one point it really picks up and it becomes very hard to put down. I recommend this book; it makes for a good read."
"This is such a haunting story.  I read it several months ago and still can't stop thinking about it.  What I appreciate most about the work is how it plays with a reader's perspective so well.  Just when one thinks he or she has it figured out, one realizes that one has been completely wrong all along ..."
"It took me awhile to actually get pulled into the book.  It was overly descriptive for the longest time which made it quite boring in the beginning because there was nothing to sink my teeth into.  It did turn into a really good story and the author did a great job using description to set the eerie tone and provide suspense from about the middle of the book until the end.  The very ending (actually the last paragraph) was disappointing. It was abrupt and left me hanging.There was no life lesson or history lesson to be learned as there are in a lot of the classics, but it was a worthy read for its entertainment value."
"Rebecca is a great example of excellent and timeless writing.  Daphne du Maurier's story is suspenseful with plenty of well-thought out characters who give us a look into the life of the old English elite.  How does a young bride find her place at the Manderley mansion as the second Mrs. de Winter?  We watch as she stumbles through her early weeks at Manderley and tries to acquire Rebecca's grace, please her husband, and earn the respect of the household staff and Maxim's friends and family.  All the while staying far away from the menacing Mrs. Danvers.  The plot develops into an exciting twist of events that keep you reading enthusiastically straight to the finish.Mr. and Mrs. de Winter are very busy and keep to an active schedule, but it is all leisure.  I especially enjoyed the descriptions of the lavish tea-times.  How funny to think of people living this way!"
"This a great story that kept me hook from the beginning. The story of this woman who felt in love with a widow and marry him, take you to his home and an evil housekeeper. It is intense and you won't see the ending not matter how you try. A great mystery, well worth your time.Anna del C.Author of ""The Elf and the Princess""and ""Trouble in the Elf City""The Elf and The Princess: The Silent Warrior Trilogy - Book One (The Silent Warrior Trilogy)"
"How about that for a chat-up line?When someone told me they called their daughter 'Rebecca' for the character in this novel, my curiosity was raised. It is beautiful. The story is of the mysterious and unsolved death of the first Mrs Maxim De Winter, Rebecca, and how her death is discovered, with far reaching consequences for an entire community. Mrs De Winter (the second one) got slightly on my nerves, but because she is so bland and neutral (and nameless!), she forms a perfect vehicle to narrate the story. Her gradual uncovering of the secret is our journey of discovery as readers. Her subsequent self-deception, however, does not fool the reader one bit.Of course this novel contains one of the most famous opening lines in literature: 'Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again'.Beware: if you don't like detailed and moody description, this is not the novel for you."
"Once in awhile we have to do a throwback to a novel not of this century. Yes, we have to. But that's OK because this one is about one of my all time favorites: Rebecca by Daphne Du Marurier (1938). It is the only book I have ever stayed up all night to finish just because I had to know what happened. Since then I have read it several more times but this time managing to get some sleep in.Rebecca was inspired by Jane Eyre, written by Du Marurier in Cairo, Egypt while her husband was stationed there. This British author's bestseller was a surprising success and spawned several films, television shows, and other novels. However, as we all know, are almost never as good as the book, particularly since when the first film was made in 1940 and was required under Hollywood Production Code to change the ending in order to be shown. (Warning: Reading the Wikipedia entry will spoil it!)Since a big part of enjoying this novel is staying wrapped up in the mystery and suspense created, I won't comment on anything that might give that away. The basic premise is a young lady while working as a traveling companion for a wealthy widowed woman meets Maxim de Winter, a handsome gentleman who makes her his bride and takes her back to his estate, Manderley. The young lady is mousy and unsure, struggling at times with why such a man as Maxim would want someone such as herself for a wife. While the reasons become more and more clear as the novel progresses, the couple can never escape the presence of Rebecca, Maxim's first and deceased wife.Once at Manderley, the housekeeper Mrs. Danvers makes her appearance and continues to haunt, cause trouble and general nastiness to the young lady, as she was fond of Rebecca and refuses to accept her death. Mrs. Danvers earns her place in villainess history along side the Nurse Ratchets, Cruella de Villes and White Queens. She'll give you the chills as she sweeps along the long creaking halls of Manderley.The story is told entirely from the young lady's point of view, starting a little slow, but really picking up speed mid-way through the story as the intensity in which Rebecca penetrates their lives (with the help of Mrs. Danvers) from beyond the grave. Once I hit the last third, it became a novel that could not be put down as the mysteries begin to unravel.Because of the age of this novel there have been lots of printings, you could pick this one up at the library, used bookstore or chances are, borrow it from a friend, making it even that more attractive to pick up and give a try. This novel appeals more to women than men, I did get a male friend to give it a try, he liked it, but also referred to it as a very ""feminine"" story."
"Rebecca / 0-380-77855-6""Rebecca"" is not your typical romance novel; indeed, it often feels more like a mystery novel, with the heroine often just on the cusp of discovering a terrible secret. DuMarier's writing is superb and keeps the reader constantly on edge, carefully maintaining the central conceit of the novel: the heroine's husband, Maxim, remembers his deceased wife Rebecca in a much different light than how the heroine sees her. DuMarier wonderfully utilizes secondary characters to provide valuable allies and frightening enemies as the narrator steps carefully along the labyrinthine mystery she has inadvertently married into.Frustratingly, and yet fittingly, DuMarier has chosen to strip the narrator of a name; she has no identity in this new world, except as Rebecca's successor - a sort of ""not-Rebecca"", for better or for worse. Allies, friends, enemies, and relatives never seem to truly see HER - they can only judge the difference between her and Rebecca. Even the narrator eventually internalizes this attitude, turning the novel into something of a cautionary tale: a warning against surrendering your self-image to those around you who would define and judge you.~ Ana Mardoll"
"Rebecca is a beautiful novel containing intrigue, romance and the  exquisite portrait of the wild and beautiful lands of Cornwall, it is beautifully read by and Anna Massey.Would certainly recommend this classic novel audio book.Rebecca"
"I felt sad at the end, even though it was an ok ending for the couple.  However, the ending was vague and even the epilogue left some questions unanswered.  I don't like unknown, vague endings.  There were some interesting ideas and two plot twists, but I didn't enjoy the book enough to recommend it.  I wanted it to be over.  The author spends a lot of time describing flowers and details.  The heroine was never given a name, I will call her ""H.""  A lot of time is spent in H's mind, discussing things she was timid and fearful about and she imagined conversations that other people were having about her.CAUTION SPOILERS:  I have never imagined anyone being as timid, fearful and nervous as H.  She would hide from the domestic staff and wanted to avoid speaking to them.  A guest would come and she hid behind a door so he might leave before speaking to her.  She had no desire to learn anything or improve herself.  After the crisis was resolved, H desired to change and learn things, but the epilogue showed she changed enough to care for Max, but nothing else.  The couple just seemed to quietly float through the rest of their life together.  She didn't change.  One of the more interesting parts of the book was the evil of both Rebecca and Mrs. Danvers, who was in charge of the household help.Sexual language: none.  Number of sex scenes: none.  Setting: mid 1920s England.  Copyright: 1938.  Genre: historical romantic suspense and mystery."
This book puts women in the worst of light. The young woman is  plan out shown as dumb and even backwards. Normally I like Gothic novels. If this had been the first one I had read I would have never read another. She is unable or unwilling to see anything on the bright side. Sorry I really have nothing good to say about the book.
"""Last night I dreamt I was in Manderley again.""And so begins a literary classic that, to me at least, is so riveting and wonderful that you have to read it again and again.  And that's what I've done -- I have read it for the third time.  First published in 1938 and set some time during the 1920s, this is the tale of a nameless heroine who has no idea what she's gotten herself into when she marries Maxim de Winter.  At twenty-one, her future is uncertain, and she had settled for a life as a lady's companion to Mrs. Van Hopper, an American social climber.  They are vacationing in Monte Carlo, and that's where she meets Maxim -- a dark, handsome, sophisticated and mysterious widower who is twice her age.  When he pays her special attention and proposes marriage, she immediately agrees.  She fell in love with him from the moment she met him, after all, and she had heard wonderful things about his English estate, the beautiful Manderley.  Mrs. Van Hopper gives her a warning.  She will regret it.  He will marry her because he cannot stand to be alone in that house.  But the heroine marries him anyway.  After all, her new life will be a marriage to a handsome man who owns one of the most fascinating homes in England.  What could possibly go wrong?No sooner does she arrive at Manderley than she discovers just how important the late Mrs. de Winter had been to the old estate.  Everyone there follows things as though Rebecca, the late wife, still lives there.  This is most evident with Mrs. Danvers, Rebecca's former personal maid, who takes an immediate dislike to the heroine.  The heroine is afraid of the servants and of disrupting the order of the house and is soon consumed with jealousy for Rebecca.  After all, she was a tall, dark, beautiful and vivacious party girl -- everything the heroine is not.  What's more important is that Maxim still loves Rebecca.  He is taciturn and brooding, and she is constantly afraid of upsetting him.  After a disastrous fancy dress ball thrown in her honor, the heroine feels that perhaps it had been a mistake to marry Maxim.  But, in spite of Mrs. Danvers's creepy attempts to frighten her, she will remain in Manderley, where nothing is the way it seems.What I love most about the novel is the narrative.  Daphne de Maurier had a gifted way of drawing you into this dark, ironic and very sinister tale of secrets, deception and death.  The nameless heroine (the author wrote that she hadn't given her a name because she simply couldn't think of one good enough for her) is young and naïve and it shows.  To me, it is frustrating that she has no name, especially since Rebecca, her rival in mind if not in life, is so prominent in the story that the book had been named after her.  Then again, this gives a special emphasis to the fact that the heroine finds herself lacking in manner compared to Maxim's previous wife, so perhaps the not having a name works.  I also love the gothic feel of the story and how well-woven it is.  Twists and turns creep in from beginning to end.  Even though I had read Rebecca twice before, it was like reading it for the first time.  The narrative and descriptions are as vivid, Maxim is as enigmatic as ever, Mrs. Danvers still gives me the creeps, and the ending gave me goose bumps again.  The novel felt unfinished, which is why the author wrote an epilogue that is included in this edition, but I kind of liked leaving things to my imagination, so I only read the first two pages of the epilogue and skipped the rest.  Rebecca is one of those classics that you'd want to keep in your library for rereading, much like Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre and other gothic classics.  If you'd like to read a novel that is similar to this one, I recommend Dragonwyck by Anya Seton."
"I read this book in the 8th grade and haven't forgotten it.  Since then I've brushed up on it a couple of times.  Rebecca, the late wife of Maxim, is praised and adored by the staff at Maxim's house.  The new wife (whose name we are never given) feels inadequate to fill the ""wonderful"" shoes of Rebecca.  Since there are many other reviews that describe what happens, I will touch on why this book is memorable and worth reading.The biggest plus to this book is suspense.  Was Rebecca who others thought she was?  Did Maxim adore her?  Does the new wife have any chance at his heart considering their chaste relationship?  They didn't even sleep in the same room.  It's no wonder that the new wife feels like she'll never match up.  The story picks up halfway through the book when we discover that Rebecca isn't all she pretended to be.  This idea intrigued me, and I was relieved to find that Maxim preferred his new wife and did love her more than Rebecca.  I do agree with the other reviewers who said that another chapter could have been added to the ending.  I would like to know how their marriage was different after the trial and fire."
"This is a great classic. It is the love story of a young woman who thinks she doesn't measure up to her husband's first wife, as she didn't come from ""society.""  It takes many interesting turns and keeps the reader's attention."
"Du Maurier's classic takes the reader back to an earlier time when class and gentility were prevalent in the countryside not far from London.  Mental images of the characters and the opulent house and grounds at Manderly will fill your mind.  The female reader will easily identify with the young bride as Maximillian brings her home from their honeymoon in Europe.  You find yourself wishing you could have such a life, except of course for the evil Mrs. Danvers, housekeeper at Manderly and personal maid to the first Mrs. de Winter.  The suspense builds and holds you spellbound till the last page as the tale slowly unfolds.  I had read this book as a teen and remembered loving it, but was still surprised by the ending!  (Memory for details of this kind fade over 40+ years!)"
This was the first book I've ever read by Daphne Du Maurier and I really enjoyed it.  I have since read My Cousin Rachel and enjoyed that one just as much.  The element of suspense in her novels is so captivating you won't want to put it down.  This novel contains all the elements of surprise needed to keep you on the edge of your seat until the very last page.  You won't believe the outcome!  Enjoy it!
"Rebecca is, hands down, my favorite book of all time.  I first discovered it at 13, after my mom suggested it to me (it's one of her favorite books as well).  I've read it several times since then, and each time is sheer pleasure, though I echo a previous reviewer's envy for those who get to experience Rebecca for the first time.  I admit the book is not perfect, literarily speaking.  It is also not a mystery in a traditional ""whodunit"" sense, nor is it a traditional ghost story.  However, Daphne Du Maurier achieves something very few writers can do (and none as well as her): she creates a sense of atmosphere that pervades every word and all the space in between the words, and truly makes you feel as though you are there in the story.  World War III could start while I'm reading Rebecca and I would not notice it.  The gothic atmosphere stays with you long after you finish the book.  I also marvel at how the main character is not actually a character per se but rather a presence--her ghost haunts all the characters and you the reader as well.  Absolute magic."
"Great plot, writing, characterization, mood, suspense aside, the book, written only a few years before I was born, pulls the curtain back on the way I looked at womanhood, men and marriage as a young girl--and how different it was even then to today.  The heroine's shyness, her inability to speak her mind, her desire to live in denial of unpleasantness and do nothing about it echoes the way I recall thinking this is the way a woman should live--allow the men in my life indeed, allowing my interpretation of the words and actions of those men--to define what that life should be.And can you imagine putting up with Mrs. Danvers today?  Or placing the flowers where Frith says the first Mrs. did?As a widow having married a widower, I know how unhelpful it is to try to bury the past--to pretend someone never lived while imagining just about every detail.But then, the heroine's overactive imagination drove the plot, and that device is what makes DuMaurier so good. Who among us doesn't create the reality we respond to?"
"I read Rebecca first as a teenager. I couldn't put it down. After I finished it the first time I was monumentally annoyed that after reading a book I loved I could not remember the name of the heroine. I sat there racking my brain, so I thumbed through it looking for it. The next thing I knew I was reading it again. I became so enthralled with it the second time that I forgot I was looking for a name. I read that book THREE times before (remember I was a teenager!!) I realized she simply did not have a name! Who on earth would write a book and not give the main character a name?!?! That was part of duMaurier's genius. Now that I am older (MUCH older) and I recommend this book, I warn my friends about that, because our patience is thinner as we age and such a perceived 'memory loss' could be quite unsettling!! It's testament to her skill as a writer, you didn't even realize it as you read, so caught up in the story, as you are. It's not until after you have finished it and are thinking back over it.You are not a book lover if you have not read Rebecca."
"Wow, what a wonderfully suspenseful story. Daphne Du Maurier writing was so engaging, I couldn't put the book down. Her style of writing was magnificant. Never knowing Mrs. de Winter's first name, to describing Manderly as if you were there. I must say, I really didn't like the way it ended, but over all, excellent book."
This book was published in 1938 -- and is still one of the best of the mystery genre.  DuMaurier is a master of characterization as well as an expert purveyor of suspense. It's interesting how the times have influenced today's writers.  Rebecca has no profanity and no explicit sex scenes.  I didn't miss them!
"This book is a true masterpiece. A nameless heroine marries Maximillian de Winter. He lives in a rich estate and was once married to Rebecca, the most perfect woman anyone has ever met. The heroine is always struggling with Rebecca despite the fact she is dead. That is all I will say. If you want to find out more read the book, but I would suggest not to buy this edition. This edition is a piece of crap filled with typos and crooked pages. Which is why it is so cheap."
"Rebecca by Daphne DuMaurier drew me in and made me feel like I was there with the characters. When I picked the book up I thought it would be about a girl named Rebecca, but I was wrong. It is about Maxim deWinter and his dead wife Rebecca, and how she still impacts him and his new wife. Another wonderful thing I like about Rebecca is that Ms. DuMaurier doesn't give a name to Maxim's second wife, so I can imagine what I want her name to be. The de Winters live at Manderly, one of the fanciest mansions in Europe. They held many parties with Rebecca alive, but now with the new wife nobody knows if there will be any parties at all. The de Winters try to have a ball, but their main housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, tries to ruin everything. She tries to ruin everything because she hates Maxim for marrying again, and hates the new Mrs. De Winter for marrying Maxim and trying to take Rebecca's place at Manderly. Will she succeed? Ms. DuMaurier describes all of her characters in such detail that I was able to receive a mental picture of what they look like. Hearing the thoughts of Mrs. DeWinter, I was able to tell which characters Ms. DuMaurier wanted me to like and dislike. I give Rebecca five stars.  It grabbed me and I was able to see myself as many of the characters. I was also able to feel the emotions the characters feel, and it drew me in instantly, so much that I didn't want to put it down."
The best. The author is a great writer. Her descriptions take you there. I am reading it the second time through. I have watched the movie at least 6 times. Great story. Great writing. Would recommend it to anyone.
"I am a huge fan of contemporary romantic suspense and had very low expectations for this book I considered ""dated.""  In many ways, the language, the pacing, the heavy description, it is dated and feels slow compared to what we are used to in the genre.  However, time doesn't diminish the power of the story, the sense of doom you feel for the unnamed narrator, the classic tension DuMaurier builds with every dark scene.  I'm glad I didn't rely on the movie to know the story of Rebecca. The book is a classic for good reason."
Very well written. Excellent descriptions. I could not put it down before I finished reading it.
"Among the hundreds of thousands of books that have been published - and even among the few hundred that might truly considered classic novels - there are only a relative handful that can be recognized by their opening lines.  ""Call me Ishmael.""  ""It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.""  Not far behind such memorable openers is ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again"": the first sentence of Daphne Du Maurier's Rebecca.Manderley is the large English estate of Maxim de Winter, a home that has been in the family for many generations.  As the story opens, however, it is in ruins and the narrator - Maxim's second wife - recalls how it got that way, making most of the novel a flashback.  It starts in Monte Carlo where the narrator (who's given name is never provided) first meets Maxim.  He is a forty-two year old man widowed for a year; she is a naïve twenty-one year old who falls for him.  The love, fortunately, is mutual, and they quickly get married and return to Manderley.Manderley is haunted by the ghost of Rebecca, Maxim's first wife.  Not haunted in a supernatural fashion but rather a psychological one.  The memories of her pervade the home and are kept alive by the stern head housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers.  For the second Mrs. DeWinter, adjustment to married life is difficult enough, but Mrs. Danvers - who adored Rebecca - also has her sly ways of making things even harder.  There are also secrets about Rebecca and Maxim that cause problems and which, when revealed, could be disastrous.Although I am not very fond of nameless narrators (it usually comes off as a gimmick rather than necessary), in Rebecca, it works.  The narrator starts out as a girl with no real identity; it is only after she become Mrs. DeWinter that she has a chance to really blossom.  And as a side note, it is also a classic movie, Alfred Hitchcock's one film that won Best Picture. Although seventy years old, Rebecca continues to be an enjoyable and accessible read, worthy of the title ""classic."""
"since my inherent proclivities lie in the romance genre, i have to admit that i was a bit frustrated with the scant attention given on the relationship between Max and the heroine (whose name, now that i think about it (duh), was never made known.) but all THAT aside, this novel expertly conveyed the pervading menace and darkness that surrounded Manderley. from the first page and literally to the last, the author still has the reader in her grasp, and you just can't shake off the feeling that something sinister has yet to come.the insecurities that swamped the young heroine were excruciating as she found herself suddenly thrust in the role as the second wife of Manderley's master and walking in the shadow of its colorful late mistress, the beautiful Rebecca. the heroine continually feels as if she is a guest, and an unwanted one at that, in her own house. it didnt help that from the onset, she received a coldly hostile reception from the housekeeper and Rebecca's zealous champion, Mrs. Danvers.the author masterfully unfolded the pieces of the details surrounding Rebecca's life and death, making the novel nothing less than a page-turner in a reader's morbid desire to know the truth. apparently the late Mrs de Winter was the life of the demesne, the incomparable hostess that their social group almost venerate--and no one can replace her in Manderley.but even as she fumbles through the social mores her new life demands of her and grapples with the emotional barrage of having Rebecca's spectre in her married life, the readers can still discern strength of character in our heroine. through it all, Daphne du Maurier showed why her name remains a veritable force in the literary world as she invokes malevolence and fear brought forth by deadly secrets, and the destruction that encroaches on the soul and spreads to everything around you. provocative and memorable, Rebecca remains a true classic."
"Rebecca is a classic, but its thrill comes from the suspense and, especially, certain twists.  So once you've read or seen the whole story, you can never fully reexperience the fun.  If you haven't experienced it yet, I strongly recommend you do so through the Hitchcock movie rather than the book.  Do not read further.  Go rent the movie.WARNING:  SPOILER.  Do not read past this point unless you already know what happens. . .  The gothic suspense makes this book a deserved classic. Nonetheless, it left a sour taste in my mouth.  In my view, it is not well-suited for contemporary sensabilities; the movie endures much better.  The movie reviews tend to make much of the story that producer David O. Selznick forced Hitchcock to stay true to the book.  However, several critical changes by Hitchcock make all the difference to the contemporary viewer.  Warning, once again, my highlighting of these differences gives it all away.  1)  In the movie, Maxim confronts Rebecca, but does not actually kill her.  In the book, he is a murderer.  While that makes the outcome of the book a little more ironic, it robs the hero of any appeal to the contemporary reader.  Adultery as justification for homicide may have been more palatable to readers 70 years ago, but Hitchcock was wise to make Maxim innocent.  2)  I couldn't help but understand the book to be saying that what made Rebecca so horrible, such a repulsive being, was not just her licentiousness but that she was a lesbian.  After the marriage she told Maxim ""what she was,"" and the allusions continue throughout.  The book suggests, essentially, that Rebecca deserved her fate for her sexuality.  It's a reefer madness of homophobia.  In the movie, Hitchcock at least makes infedelity, rather than sexual preference, the core of Rebecca's sin.  3)  Hitchcock allows Joan Fontaine's shyness to be understandable and allows her some growth in gumption as the movie progresses.  Her utter helplessness from start to finish in the book grows tiresome as a portrayal of a heroine.  4)  Finally, the opening scenes of the book reveal that Maxim and the narrator have lives permanently and deeply scarred.  They live in fearful seclusion.  The movie permits a sense that they live happily ever after (albeit, not at Manderlay).  A feeling I prefer to be left with (call me a sap).  For an excellent, contemporary treatment of a similar story, that is how someone of DeMauier's skill might have written Rebecca today, read The Thirteenth Tale: A Novel, which deftly avoids the flaws that plague Rebecca in the 21st Century."
"REBECCA!!!! That name is forever tainted now, labled as creepy because of this book. OH! I love this style, the gothic mood and sway of this novel was incredible! I also find it amazing that an author can so completely wrap the reader in the thread of her story, that we nearly forget that we don't even ever learn the main character's name! Miraculous! This story had me rivited, pages turning at a record speed. The characters, Mrs. De Winter, Rebecca, Maxim, Mrs. Danvers, they all are so well developed I was sorry when the story ended. SO GOTHIC, so watch out. The whether is unavoidably stormy all the time. But it's worth it all the way. For all you brit-lit lovers, a MUST read!"
"This is a gripping novel, I could not put it down till I've finished it. Excellent Reading!!!!"
"Many aspects of this book reminded me of Bronte's classic ""Jane Eyre"" - a book so revered that its prequel ""Wide Sargasso Sea"" by Jean Rhys is also proclaimed a classic.Rebecca's plot is simple in the beginning. A May-December marriage of an eccentric and mysteriously quiet wealthy countryman (Max or Maxim) to a naive middle class early 20's woman who has little, if anything, in common with her husband or his crowd make strange bed mates.  After a glorious vacation/honeymoon in Monte Carlo, the young wife's Cinderella story is encompassed by coming to his estate, his castle, his Manderley.But, Du Maurier's ""Rebecca"" is not to be judged by its simple cover.  Rebecca - the deceased first wife of Max - we learn to know in great detail, including her medical visits and romantic trysts.  The first-person-singular protagonist [second wife of Max] recites this story and never reveals even her name. We never hear her name. We hear Max describe her name as beautiful. But, we never know it - first or surname.  Instead, she is like Rebecca, always referred to as ""Mrs. de Winter"", wife of Maximilian de Winter.As reading progresses, we learn  more about the deceased Mrs. de Winter than the living Mrs. de Winter. This tale, told by the living Mrs. de Winter, explores more about the ""others"" who are rich. Du Maurnier teaches us how the rich are terribly low class and how the lower class living Mrs. de Winter is terribly elegant and debonnaire. The first half of the book we regard the protagonist as the poor little rich girl; in the second half she is the unfortunate rich maiden. She grows as we learn more about the deep dark mysteries behind the walls of gigantic Manderley.  And, when we learn all there is to know, we learn what few others know. I would love to tell it all, but I cannot spoil this great twisting and turning ending. I can say that the ending is magnificent.This book has tremendous character growth created by dialogue.  The evil maid Mrs. Danvers cuts through the young bride with carefully delivered, but polite, statements to Manderey's new  mistress.  A cousin of the late Rebecca -Mr. Favell - is perhaps Du Maurnier's greatest tour du force. Laced with preposterous statements and obnoxious intrusions, he is truly unlikeable - even to the reader whose own character may mirror such personality. And, the gentlemanly companion to Max, Frank Crawley, together with the Magistrate Colonel Julyan (in their inquest of Rebecca's death) are reminiscent to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Mr. Watson and Sherlock Holmes.I worried this would be a woman's novel. Maybe it is. But, for someone who does not usually read such novels, and enjoys them less, I loved this novel.At the end, I hit my Netflix account to see if there was a film adaptation. Drafting Alfred Hitchcock to direct a film adaptation is genius. Casting Sir Laurence Olivier as Max is double genius. I wonder if this is one of those rare times when the film rivals a masterpiece of literature."
"this is a truly amazing story of suspense and love. It follows the story of a young girls love for her husband who is haunted by his previous wife. It is the story of her self triumph  over Rebecca's memory and her finding of peace with her husband. The Characters are well developed, the suspense is real and authentic, and Manderly is wonderfully depicted."
"I tried to read this book twice for High School English, and both times I could get no farther than the 9th chapter.  It is supposed to be this great romantic suspense novel, and yet there was no romance or suspense whatsoever.  Instead there was a creepy old house and an evil housekeeper, and maybe if it was written by Stephen King it would be as good as it sounds."
"Honestly, I wish they'd replace Jane Eyre with this book as required reading in high school. Rebecca is a gothic novel, somewhat reminescent of Jane Eyre yet far more interesting. The nameless narrator marries Maxim de Winter in what seems like a fairytale. But upon arrival at his magnificent country home, the narrator detects the ghostly presence of Maxim's deceased first wife. The book starts out a bit slow but quickly picks up the pace. Du Maurier (in my eyes) is the queen of description and suspense. Some of her descriptions of Manderley gave me chills. You feel as if you're right there with the un-named protagonist in the stunning estate that is Manderley. Manderley almost becomes a character in its own right. Du Maurier created characters you both love and hate and almost all characters are hiding something. This book will keep you up late. It's one of my favorite books of all time. Be sure to check out the Hitchcock film of the same name as well."
A must-read.  Make sure you have nothing else to do because Rebecca is hard to put down.
"One of my favorite books EVER!!  This book truly does have a little bit of everything.  The magic of this book for me is how so much of its story is really untold.  The reader is forced to fill in the blanks, but in the end you know that you were right all along.  How brilliant is it that the main character never utters a word, that Manderly is a main character itself, and yet another main character has no name at all? (Not to mention Mrs. Danvers, YIKES!! )  Please read this book!!!!  For me this is one of those books that I can't see how EVERYONE doesn't love it!!!!"
"It was good but some parts were slow and sometimes the main characters shyness got annoying.  Other then that, it was very good.  I would recommend it if you are a fan of gothic romances like Jane Eyre."
"I read this book many years ago. I knew it was a ""classic"", but it always reminded me of Jane Eyre (as another reviewer said). I didn't care too much for old Jane either, but at least she had the guts to stick up for herself.The heroine (not deserving of a name)is 21 years old, but she keeps harping throughout how young she is. Twenty-one, especially back in those days, was not ""young"". At that age, most women were responsible and mature. Not this lady. She's a paid ""companion"" (go-for)to a bossy American woman, currently vacationing in Monte Carlo. The heroine is from England apparently, although never actually stated. Max de Winter shows up at their hotel, takes her out to sketch, she falls madly in love, he marries her, ignores her, and treats her like a child.When they go back to wonderful Manderley, his ancestral home, she's intimidated by the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who her husband allows to lord it over his wife.Rebecca, his first wife, died 10 months prior to their marriage (or was she found 10 months prior, and missing for 2 months before that?). Anyway, Miss 21 year old, creates MANY imaginary conversations - the servants, the  neighbors, everyone is talking badly about her and comparing her unfavorably with Rebecca. She has a good imaginiation, but she wastes a lot of time. She lives in her own head a lot.She's crazy about her uncommunicative husband (well, he is all she has), and she does things like sketch, take the dog for walks, and have tea. The marriage seems totally chaste. Only towards the end of the book, does the author mention that the husband actually has a bed in the heroine's room (because he hadn't slept in it).She does show a lot of insight towards Maxim's grandmother - now that she is old,what is she thinking, feeling? How was it when she was young?There is plenty of description of the grounds surrounding Manderley, but the descriptions of the rooms in the house are confusing. I couldn't get a feel for how the house was set up. There is also no explanation as to why certain rooms (Rebecca's) are so great - just great  wallpaper, hangings, and a gold bedspread. Yeah, I can see it.SPOILER: After all her meltdowns over Rebecca, Maxim finally admits he killed her because she said she was pregnant by someone else (he couldn't bear a scandal - no divorce - all the neighbors would talk!). He had planned to kill her anyway, since he took the gun down to her little cottage.Now why would anybody stay with a man like that? He can't control his temper, cares overly what other people think, and is not bothered by murdering his wife. That's just plain stupid. And dangerous. He might kill her next. She better watch out.As for the ""ending"", it's abrupt and unsatisfying.Like Jane Eyre, this novel has a heroine who is poor (although Jane had more skills). The hero has a wife who has some mental aberrations (in Rebecca's case, she's cruel). The mansion burns down, and they all live happily ever after."
"""Rebecca, always Rebecca."" Everyone is obsessed with Rebecca. Thinking about the beautiful, the charming, the everybody-loves-her Rebecca. But Rebecca, dear readers, is dead. Manderley, her home, is dead, a ruin, a burnt-out shell. From the very first, ""Manderley was no more."" Rebecca's widowered husband, Maxim de Winter, the rich heir and owner of the Manderley estate, has remarried the very young, inexperienced, second Mrs. de Winter. She is the teller of the story. Of their meeting and marriage, their return to the estate, the difficulties between themselves and with the staff and community, and the dangerous unraveling of the mystery of Rebecca's death. The effects are riveting and harrowing. If you read the book years ago, read it again. You'll marvel even more than before at the details of the telling."
"I always think of JANE EYRE and REBECCA together as they are so very similar in plot.  Both have young, artistic, not conventionally pretty heroines who are totally alone in the world and fall madly in love with older mysterious wealthy men.  Against all odds these men fall in love with our innocent heroines.  And of course both novels feature beautiful dark women from the men's past who threaten to ruin our heroine's happiness.  The hero's are both flawed because they have been abused by these horrid first wives.  REBECCA is told in first person by our never named narrator (the heroine is NOT Rebecca) and has a mysterious quality throughout.  It is more modern and less ""preachy"" than JANE EYRE.  Many romantic suspense novels have tried to copy the gothic romance formula but none do it as well as Du Maurier in REBECCA or Charlotte Bronte in JANE EYRE.  All book lovers who have not yet discovered the wonderful novel REBECCA should do themselves a favor and start reading it today!"
"It's all about Rebecca. She appears constantly in the mind of the main character telling the story, whose name you never learn, further burying her in the presence of Rebecca. The protagonist is a young woman who quite suddenly marries a man older than herself who was married once before. Maxim de Winter's previous wife, the last Mrs. de Winter, was Rebecca.Our young bride goes with Maxim to his great home, Manderly, which she loves, but it can not hide her from Rebecca's overwhelming presence. To her it seems Maxim is always thinking about Rebecca, whom everyone loved, who died in a boating accident just a year before. She feels herself being constantly compared to Rebecca; this is not what Rebecca would have done, Rebecca must have done it like this, Rebecca was taller, Rebecca was a social butterfly, Rebecca was very beautiful, Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca. She is 'nothing like Rebecca.'Having not been brought up in this type of life, she must get used to the grandness of Manderly. The servants, like one Mrs. Danvers who absolutely adored Rebecca; the people, who she must contact and talk to and who are constantly pressing her to hold the great dress ball of Manderly that Rebecca used to run; and the ocean, which stands as a constant reminder of Rebecca's tragic death, with its little boat-house that brings painful memories to Maxim.Although people must compare her to Rebecca, the poor girl makes it worse by exercising her very vivid imagination; putting words where none were said, and constantly imagining things that don't happen. She does not fit into this life, and Maxim isn't making it any easier. You feel very, very sad for her, as it seems it's quite impossible for her to be really happy.The quiet, depressing wave takes a turn when she makes up her mind to hold the dress ball. A cruel joke is played on her, and it seems she's at a worse position than before, but then something happens in the bay. Something is found, something to do with Rebecca, and you don't know what is going to happen to our little protagonist who may have her first chance at happiness.A very emotional and intriguing story, it goes rather calmly at first, then gives you a grand twist to end in a flourish. As you learn more and more about Rebecca, you start to wonder; about the presumptions the new bride makes about her, and the real character of Rebecca."
"""Rebecca"", the book that gave Daphne du Maurier immortality, has all the features of the novel of its time. Balancing on the thin, invisible line between plain romance and deep psychological analysis, it is engrossing, for me to the point of sacrificing sleep.The plot itself is constructed quite simply and classically, starting with the young girl - companion to the wealthy lady, falling in love and marrying the rich widower, Maxim de Winter. The young bride is the narrator of the novel and she finds itself initially incapable of understanding her husband's past (especially as she gets no direct answers) and of bearing the burden of living in Manderley, the mansion haunted by the powerful presence of his first wife, Rebecca.In fact, the naivety and childishness of the narrator sometimes irritated me massively, she was extremely self-conscious and eager to please, so much that she could not see the obvious...Very good character, I bet this was the author's plan. But finally she undergoes the complete transformation, albeit in very dramatic circumstances, discovers the truth (a horrible secret... more than one in fact) and can be happy with her husband (this is not a spoiler, as the novel starts at this pint and is written in retrospective). Ultimately, this is a story of lack of communication which is the basis for misunderstanding, suspicions, false loyalty and the whole spectrum of emotions with which this novel if bursting.""Rebecca"" is a great classic, full of suspence, with great characters (Miss Danvers!). It is definitely worth reading even as the only book by du Maurier, to get acquainted with her style, and it is a very good novel for a long, winter evening, virtually moving the reader to the British countryside at the beginning of the twentieth century. Although the novel certainly aged, it did so gracefully, retaining all its charm."
"To give a synposis of this classic story would be repetitive.  I will say I was suprised at how much I loved this book.  I thought it would be good, but it turned out to be great.  The story starts slowly, gradually building, until you just can't put it down.  It is a mystery that turns itself on end.  I don't want to give away the plot, but whatever twists and turns it takes, you still keep rooting for our shy little heroine.A previous reviewer commented on the abrupt ending.  I thought it was perfect.  Any more said would have overstated the obvious.I highly recommend reading this book.  I think I will reread it.  It is that good."
"I must say I enjoyed the book, but the ending was so sudden, with so many things left hanging, that I was disappointed.  I wish one more chapter had been written to clear up- how did Manderly catch fire, what did they do when they got to the burning house, and how did they pick up their lives. All we had at the ending was ashes. Also, the narrator, who never gives her name, was sometimes very odd- hiding behind doors in her own home, sneaking food, hiding behind chairs. The book is worth reading, but I wish that, instead of spending so much time describing the trees and the sea, Du Maurier had written a better ending."
"Du Maurier captures the essence of Victorian hierarchal society in the must-read.  Through her controlled use of dynamic prose, this classic romantic suspense practically turns the pages on its own.  Set in the heart of Maxim de Winter's gargantuan estate, Manderley, the narrator learns about Maxim's first wife, Rebecca, and her untimely death.  This novel proves that some secrets, no matter how hard one may try, refuse to stay buried."
"The beginning of Rebecca starts out, with the heroine, who's name we never learn, describing a dream she had about her old estate called Manderley.  Manderley is where she lived with her husband, Maxim de Winter.  Who, years before had married the heroine, and they both moved into Manderley together.  Not long after the heroine moved in, she finds out from Maxim's housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, that she is nothing like Maxim's first wife, Rebecca, who had died a few years ago.  The mystery of Rebecca begins to unravel, when a boat is found at the bottom of the cove with Rebecca's body in the boat cabin. To me, Rebecca started out as more of a romance novel, and turns into a mystery novel towards the middle.  It starts out in the present with the heroine describing her dream about visiting Manderley, but it switches to the past when Maxim de Winter and the heroine first meet at the hotel, Cote d'Azur in Monte Carlo.  When Maxim de Winter explained to the heroine the truth behind the mystery of how Rebecca died, I was shocked.  I had didn't expect that Maxim de Winter would murder his own wife.  However, when Maxim explained to the heroine that he killed his wife, because of having an affair, possibly being pregnant, and for never having a loving or trusting marriage, I thought that his reasons were justified but still wrong. I would recommend this novel to anyone who loves romance and mystery novels.  Rebecca is thrilling, mysterious, and confusing at some parts, but in the end it all comes together.  I loved reading Rebecca; it's a real page-turner that you never want to stop reading.  Out of the many books that I have read, Rebecca was one of the best books I have ever read in my life."
"This book was very good.From the first page it grabs you, and never lets go.It was very suspenseful, it got me guessing so many times, but I was always wrong.If you are looking to read a good suspenseful book this is IT."
"As for the story itself, I found it boringly cliche. A young girl from a lower class gets swept off by a rich, enigmatic middle aged man and declare her eternal love for him in spite of his confession of murdering his first wife is stuff for teenage girls at the threshold of life. If I were her, I'd run as fast as I could out of Manderley. Had he nursed her through near death, I could see sensibility in her staying and continuing to love him. As it is, any men with wallet full of money could make a woman feel like a queen (until either his money or his desire to have her runs out). Nothing special here.I couldn't feel the suspense though I could picture the beauty of Manderley. Perhaps I've lived too damn long. All through the reading I kept thinking this second Mrs. de Winter is stupid and this Maxim got nothing to offer a woman. What was the reason he married his first wife? The one he gave was pure stupid.Read this book for the lovely writing style of the author only."
"Rebecca is a mystery novel in which nearly every character makes false assumptions that lead to false conclusions.  From the catty and gauche widow Mrs. Van Hopper to the suave widower Maxim de Winter, nearly everyone in Rebecca is wrong about something. For the nameless narrator, her incorrect assumptions are founded on Mrs. Van Hopper's gossip and build on each other until they have constructed a person and a past that never existed and a future in which every action and utterance have two meanings-the one that the narrator perceives and the real meaning.For example, Maxim's sister Beatrice tells the narrator that she is nothing like his first wife, the late Rebecca de Winter, who died in a tragic boating accident. The narrator accepts this statement and remembers it as she learns more about Rebecca. She feels herself to be plain, uninteresting, shy, and unsophisticated. By contrast, and by all accounts that the narrator hears, Rebecca was beautiful, fascinating, charismatic, and witty. Even Maxim's carefully diplomatic estate manager, Frank Crawley, tells the narrator, "". . . I suppose she was the most beautiful creature I ever saw in my life."" Not surprisingly, the more she learns, the more the narrator needs to know about Rebecca-a first wife whom she cannot have replaced in the brooding, moody Maxim's affections.The narrator falsely interprets other people and what they say and do. The intimidating housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, gives her several hints that Rebecca was exacting and demanding in her management of the household and staff. The second Mrs. de Winter is also told how much Mrs. Danvers loved and admired Rebecca. The implication is clear; the narrator's only hope of coming to terms with the formidable housekeeper is to take charge. Instead, she decides that the best way to mollify Mrs. Danvers is to make herself unobtrusive and to let her have full rein over the household's management. Her na?vet? and self-effacing behavior give Mrs. Danvers a reason to despise as well as dislike her.Many, if not most, readers are probably misled as well. Rebecca's appearance and charms are described by several people in several places, and her name or initials appear on nearly everything she owned. On the other hand, the narrator is never described or named. Even when Mrs. Danvers calls her ""Mrs. de Winter"" over the house telephone the first time, the narrator responds with a denial of her new identity but without reference to her former one. ""I'm afraid you have made a mistake. Mrs. de Winter has been dead for over a year."" Surrounded by Rebecca's belongings, Rebecca's servants, and Rebecca's friends and husband, the narrator sinks further into anonymity.There are few clues to the narrator's looks, other than that she has ""lank hair"" (compared to Rebecca's ""clouds"" of black hair) and that she is ""plain,"" according to herself. Yet Rebecca's cousin, Jack Favell, flirts with her and repeatedly hints that she is a fresh, attractive younger wife of the sort that affluent older men like Maxim often choose. The reader should also ask why Maxim does marry someone who apparently is so different from the first wife he adored.In Rebecca, passion seems as repressed as open communication, but sexuality is not far beneath the surface. The relationship between Rebecca and Mrs. Danvers is full of sexual overtones. While Maxim may be willing to replace Rebecca in his affections and his bed, Mrs. Danvers clearly is not. As a comfort, she clings to Rebecca's old bedroom suite and to her apparent contempt for men. Mrs. Danvers says of Rebecca, ""She had all the courage and spirit of a boy, had my Mrs. de Winter. She ought to have been a boy,  I often told her that."" Even Maxim says, ""She [Rebecca] looked like a boy in her sailing kit, a boy with a face like a Botticelli angel.""The narrator also refers to herself as being like a ""schoolboy"" or ""boy."" The incident at the costume ball and Mrs. Danvers' ensuing description of Rebecca begin the narrator's transformation into Rebecca, or at least a woman more like Rebecca-confident, assertive, and, later, sexualized. She tells Maxim, ""I've grown up, Maxim, in twenty-four hours. I'll never be a child again."" With her new knowledge of Rebecca, she makes an offer to Maxim: ""I'll be your friend and companion, a sort of boy."" It is this offer and admission that finally elicits the truth-a truth that was under all the cascading false assumptions, misinterpretations, and lack of communication.Rebecca is an outstanding mystery and character study that captures a world on the cusp of irrevocable change. Maxim's marriage to Rebecca seems to have been made in the old tradition; as his grandmother says, ""She's got the three things that matter in a wife . . . breeding, brains, and beauty."" Their marriage is a contract in which each plays a role. In contrast, Maxim's second marriage is modern; it is based on impulse and emotion, and thrives away from the constraints of society and tradition. When Maxim and the narrator come to Manderley, they are bound by the past-Rebecca's past, as well as a past world in which they are surrounded by servants and constrained by a decorum that requires the suppression of communication and feelings.The world around them is changing, however. When a ship wrecks off the coast and a crowd gathers to watch the rescue and salvage operation, a tourist points out to the narrator how Manderley, and all it represents, has become an anachronism. ""Those are nice-looking woods over there, I suppose they're private . . . My husband says all these big estates will be chopped up in time and bungalows built . . . I wouldn't mind a nice bungalow up here facing the sea.""From the memorable opening, ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again,"" to the well-paced unravelling of every false assumption and conclusion, Rebecca is an engaging, evocative, thoughtful novel that acknowledges the past before moving toward the future. The next time the night is deep and you can imagine both the silence of the woods and the roar of the sea, read Rebecca.Diane L. Schirf, 22 April 2006."
"Daphne Du Maurier's REBECCA comes to life through Cambridge actress Anna Massey's extensive experience on stage and screen: her vivid, haunting performance of one of du Maurier's most loved and darkest works tells of a timid bride facing a hostile household and a possible ghost of a wife past."
"I enjoyed reading this book. Du Maurier was a genious in building up a reader-based perception of everything and then at some point revealing that what you think is not always what it is.At the beginning, the nameless second wife of Maxim seemed so shy and childish, but sometimes, her words struck me as clever and defying, she became someone who knew exactly what she wanted even from when she was in Monte Carlo. A fit rival for Rebecca. From the first impression made of the De Winters and Manderley till the last event gave such a full vision of who was Rebecca but at the same time also gave the reader a full understanding of who was the narrator.After finishing the book, I got the feel that I had just saw a painting, with clear focus, enigmatic strokes. By not mentioning the narrator's name, the author gave such a powerful focus on the whole story. Compared with Jane Eyre, this story is more a psychology drama rather than a romantic one. Rebecca was a more lively dead character than the first Mrs. Rochester."
"I absolutely loved Rebecca! It tends to run on the same dark and brooding notes as books like Dracula, the Haunting and Jane Eyre. That certain something... mystery/excitement/sad empathy for the character in question. Rebecca is a young woman newly married to a man who is twenty years her senior, a man of high position and unspeakable secrets. What more can one ask for?"
"This is one of the most enjoyable novels, of many, I have ever read.  I read it in one day when I should have been doing other things, but I kept saying just one more chapter, until I reached the end.  I recommend that other readers try (and are prepared) to read the book straight through.  It's rare (for me) to find a novel that's so well written that I just cannot put it down.The plot is terrific and develops quickly (I won't give anything away), the main characters are very well drawn, and the writing style is beautiful.  Given it's age, I thought it might feel dated and remote - not at all - but the reader does have to feel, at least not antagonistic, towards the life-style of the English aristocracy more than fifty years ago.  I had previously read My Cousin Rachel and thought that was so good, and would be difficult to beat, but I think Rebecca wins (by a nose)!Oh, for more novels like this, perhaps Jamaica Inn will prove to be another!"
"Having been captivated by Hitchcocks handling of this book in the movie by the name, I was anxious to read Du Maurier's writing that inspired the film. A haunting tale of of a young woman who is swept away by Max de Winter a not so long widower who is the master of Manderly that beautiful seaside estate, and the secrets it holds. The new young bride soon finds herself intwined in a web of mystery and suspense. Classic gothic writing at its best. Du Maurier's writing style is superb and never fails to hold the readers interest. This is the the first of her novels I have read, and may I say it will not be the last."
"Rebecca, by Daphne Du Maurier, has rightly deserved to be considered a literary masterpiece.  Part mystery, part thriller, part gothic and one hundred percent genius!Most of the story is set at Manderley, an old family estate in England, where our intrepid heroine, whose name is never revealed to us, returns as a happy, but unsure, newlywed.  Her new husband, Maxim, lived at Manderley with his first wife, Rebecca, who died a drowning death under mysterious circumstances the year before.  That would be enough to handle for any young wife, but add to the mix Maxim's aloof nature, the constant reminders of the beautiful, seemingly perfect Rebecca, from her portraits to her monogramed belongings, to her maid, the creepy Mrs. Danvers and you have a story that is set to explode! An original, never-see-it-coming twist at the end makes this tale extremely gratifying.Definitely 5 stars.For an added bonus, check out the 1940 movie of the same name with Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine.  Directed by Alfred Hitchcock, the black and white film is a wonderful adaptation of the book!"
"I am a fan of neither mysteries nor romances.  I feel like I got my fill of Nancy Drew before junior high and enough mindless bodice rippers while I suffered through an early marriage and divorce.  It seems inifinitely difficult for books from these genres to be anything but formulaic.  Since this book is promoted as both a mystery and a romance, I doubted that I would be interested.To my relief and surprise, I found that ""Rebecca"" is really a fascinating study of complex characters.  Daphne Du Maurier eeks out tantalizing details about each character in a way that establishes palpable tension and suspense.  The primary characters are involved in a new marriage, so loosely the story may be perceived to have a romantic subtext.  However, it is the characters that provide interest.Furthermore, Du Maurier drives the story, the characters, and the suspense with language that is carefully and skillfully crafted to move the arc of the plot irresistably toward the climax.  Her sentences are dense with meaning and ambiance.  Her writing consistently adds to the atmosphere and the readers' involvement with the characters.  Her words and sentence structure flow smoothly and are never distracting.I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes a well-written, tightly woven character study with an effortless plot that moves the reader through the twists and turns of life."
"This book is, without question, the most boring peace of literature ever written. It makes the technical manual to my VCR look like ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"". In fact, it's so boring that I recommend a new synonym for boring, ""Rebecca"". The book is about people who have disgustingly unbelievable personalities, who do really boring things, and make up mysteries about killing people that aren't even in the story, then insist on telling you about it. The main character/narrator is the most overly emotional and sappy person in all of fiction, and could never ever be a real person, even in the 1920s when this book takes place. She insists on telling you about all of her problems, and how she can never ""feel right"" at Manderly, even though no sane person could EVER care. It's enough to make you sick. The story really wasn't that bad but it could have easily been told in about 1/10 of the amount of time. It's like Dickens description without everything that makes Dickens good. Even after the thousands of atrocities committed by Hitler, I still consider him to be a great man, for burning THIS book. It's that bad."
"When I first picked this up, I thought it was a thriller/suspense novel.  I suppose becuase a Stephen King book I had read previously referred to ""Rebecca"" a few times.  What a surprise to find this a tale of love, grief, struggle, murder, and basically...life.I still enjoyed it even though I thought it was something other than it was.  It has its share of suspense and thrills, but nothing like I thought.  This is a worthwhile read and great piece of fiction.  I recommend it to all.I can't really tell much more about it without giving away details of the story.  Read for yourself.....it's worth it and it won't take long!"
"I couldn't wait to read it after it was recommended to me. I am so disappointed that a thoughtless, selfish person gave away the whole suspense aspect of the book.  Why should she be allowed to ruin other people's experience in reading it for the first time?  Someone needs to remove her comment."
"Rebecca is my favorite book.I read it about . . . oh, maybe five months ago, but the characters are still fresh in my mind. Why? Because I can relate so easily to the nameless young woman who narrates the tale.Our namesless shero is shy, meek, and bites her tongue a little too often. She works for a fat, gossipy woman who, ironically enough, unwittingly brings her into contact with her future husband -- Maxim de Winter.Maxim is a man haunted by a greivious burden...""They say he can't get over his wife's death . . .""But max's secret isn't what it seems. Max is haunted by a secret far more shocking . . . far more gruesome than anyone ever can guess.Rebecca, Max's late wife, was said to have been found washed up on a rocky shore, dead, her body so mangled it was barely recognizable. A shaken Max went down to identify her and has lived a reclusive life ever since . . . . until the day he meets and falls in love with our nameless shero.Miss. Nameless is happy with Maxim, but the longer she lives at the castle-like Manderly, the more clues she finds . . . unraveling a mystery that will glue the reader to his or her book.Just how exactly DID rebecca really die? Find out in Daphine du Maurier's Rebecca."
"This was one of those books I will never forget.  It was actually required summer reading for my freshman year of high school, it was the first I read for my high school career.  I was the perfect age for that, age 14, hanging just between that childhood - womanhood age and about to progress from childhood to adulthood.  Maybe that's why this grabbed me so hard.The narrator, whose name we will never learn and will only know as the second Mrs. De Winter, takes us on a mysterious, gothic tale of love and lies.  A handsome stranger has come to Monte Carlo where he meets a loud, borish woman named Mrs. Van Hopper and her traveling companion, the narrator.  The narrator is a shy, churchmouse of a girl just barely out of her teens who falls for this dashing man, Maxim De Winter.  It's natural for her to have sort of a school girl crush on someone like him, for sure, and he takes her out and entertains her while in Monte Carlo.  When Mrs. Van Hopper decides to move on, Maxim surprises everyone by asking the narrator to marry him.  Maybe more surprising, she accepts and suddenly she goes from being a poor tagalong paid companion to being the wife of a wealthy English countryman.While it begins as a Cinderella story, the second Mrs. De Winter finds herself in a Cinderella dilemma: what to do now?  While she is suddenly introduced to a new way of life, she is unsure and has natural apprehension how to act and how to present herself to others.  Part of it is that she is very young, had been sheltered and put to the side, and doesn't know how to be rich while Maxim is much older, more experienced, and is very rich.  She is nervous and insecure, which speaks to the reader very much of being afraid and trying to cope with change.  Plus, she cannot escape his first wife, the beautiful, talented, charming Rebecca whose reputation preceeds everything.  Now, we are in her home, Manderly, which has become a haunted house of sorts.  The second Mrs. De Winter is growing more and more insecure everyday, feeling that she is always being compaired to Rebecca wherever she goes and is uneasy.The one who is compairing her the most with Rebecca is Mrs. Danvers, Manderly's housekeeper.  She isn't just stiff, she is formidable.  She barely conceals her distain for the new mistress of the house, as she absolutely adored Rebecca and will never let her memory die.  Around the house, the second Mrs. De Winter finds things with the signature R (stationary, towels, etc.) that under Mrs. Danvers's orders were not removed.  When the second Mrs. De Winter finds Rebecca's old room, it has not been shut down but has been kept as if she had just left and is awaiting her return.  Even though she has been dead for over a year, drowned off the coast of Manderly.This book haunts us but so many things speak to us in it.  The feelings of insecurity, being haunted by ghosts from the past (those alive and dead), finding out things are not what they seem to be.  Rebecca, as it turns out, was certainly beautiful and beloved by all who knew her, but Maxim reveals that he hated her and their marriage was a front.  Rebecca was actually rotten, evil, self serving, and unfaithful.  Maxim is just as ashamed that he put up the front of a happy marriage when she was off cavorting and cheating on him in London.  Secrets and lies keep it juicy enough to keep us interested.  The formerly scary Mrs. Danvers keeping of her memory alive shows us not of her evil nature, but of her pathetic one.  All these things make the second Mrs. De Winter grow up, and she becomes The Rock when she realizes that she no longer has to compete with a lie.  And though she might have doubted it before, Maxim really does love her because he never loved Rebecca.  Enjoy this for all the juicy secrets and lies."
"This was my first du Maurier book and i read it because my mother recommended it. Initially, i found the book a little hard to get into. There were times when i wanted to grab the heroine and tell her to stop hiding- or to stop thinking of completely random things. However, as the book moved on i found that i was sat up, on the edge of my seat and that i simply couldn't put it down till the end. The last half of this book must simply be read in a night. Will Maxim get away with it? Everytime we think he has- another obstacle is hurled at us and we grip the book in frightened anticiaption. If you liked the Bronte sisters then this book is certainly for you- it's dark and has that same brilliant atmosphere of Wuthering Heights and Jane Eyre. It's long, but well worth the ending."
"I have read many of the other online reviews for this book, so I won't be redundant repeating the outstanding aspects of this book - its visual sense of place, rich symbolism, wonderful character development of the narrator, surprising plot twists, and excellent craftsmanship throughout. There are a few aspects about Maxim, though, that bothered me. I am supposed to somehow be 'on his side' in this book, but I found this increasingly more difficult, as he erodes his character's intelligence by falling into one foolish decision after another. His first and most colossal blunder takes place on a high hill in Monte Carlo, when he deliberately sacrifices his personal happiness by making a conscious choice in favor of his socialite standing. And so he sets himself up from the beginning for a one-way trip to hell. After he arrives at that destination, he allows Mrs. Danvers to continue haunting the west wing of Manderley, which remains a morbid museum to his first dead wife, and somehow he doesn't think that's creepy. Even worse, he leaves undisturbed that cottage on the beach, complete with its cobweb-covered furnishings and horrifying memories, when any sane person would have had that sinister shack bulldozed immediately. This is the framework for his worst decision yet: He decides to take the new Mrs. deWinter back to Manderley, the very place where all his nightmares lie in wait, Why? He believes that his love for the place will somehow conquer all its demons. Sentimental childhood home or not, a more sensible person would have sold the place immediately and moved on. Then to somehow expect his second wife, a shy, waif-like doe of a girl, to try to fit in there and not get creeped out herself, seems incredibly shortsighted and dense for a man of 40+ years. I think his most brilliant line in the whole book is when he laments, ""Oh why did we ever come back here?"" Why indeed. Personally, I think Du Maurier did those two a favor by what happens to Manderley at the end of the book. One can only hope that Maxim's decisions will now be more sensible, and that perhaps the second Mrs. DeWinter will finally get to experience some well-deserved happiness. All this being said, I do realize, of course, that if Maxim had had more brains in the first place, this haunting novel couldn't have been written."
"Rebecca is the story of a rather clueless and sheltered woman's experience of love, wealth, and illusion. It is a classic of the genre and the progenitor of countless imitations. It is also a bit like an extravagant work of confectionary--it is great for its few passing moments, it may even haunt your palette for some time, but ultimately--so what?Ms. Du Maurier is a master of the well turned phrase to be sure. Just read the book's opening lines. The ever-tightening web of suffocation that she weaves is truly impressive.Still, Rebecca is no lasting masterpiece. If it is the mentally haunting effect of the work that you crave, let me suggest you turn instead to the Man Who Was Thursday by Chesteron or any of the novels of Charles Williams. If you are a devotee of the well turned phrase, Austen, or even Shirley Jackson, is more effective.All in all, Rebecca dwells in the borderland between a 3 and a 4 star book.A classic? Yes. Due to its impact on subsequent writers.A masterpiece? I had dreamt a little more of Manderley than I found there."
"For those of you who enjoyed Jane Eyre, this is a wonderful book to read as well.  Although it is practically a classic, it is very easy to read and the 400 pages go by fast (once you're past the first 100)."
"This was my first summer reading book in high school, which I chose merely because it was the only alternative to plowing through 'The Good Earth'. Picking up from the library a rigid, hard-bound novel with a very official lack of cover art, titled merely ""Rebecca"", inspired much skepticism within me that this would turn out to be yet another lovey-dubby romance. Much to my surprise, I was hooked after the first tinglingly-detailed page, and spent almost an entire month reading and re-reading a book that could easily be read in a few days, chapter by chapter.'Rebecca' is an amazing work of art. The story of a confused, selfless young woman, seeking to satisfy the incredible expectations of the world, it is inerwoven with both poignant and chilling symbolism, and a plotline bent with enough hairpin twists to leave any reader gasping and clinging to the book like a caffeine addict. As the novel progresses, the reader is drawn into the precariously-balanced life of the nameless narrator, seeing much of humanity reflected throughout the novel's pages, in the way beloved goddesses turn out to be mere succubi, nightmares turn out to be reality, and most importantly, and with a certain amount of paradox, seemingly empty love turns out to be much, much richer and deeper than previously imagined. 'Rebecca' is a gripping, wonderfully-written novel about the human heart itself that will leave any reader in an emotional mixture of satisfaction and unease.If it ever appears on your summer reading list, seize the opportunity."
"Made you look with that title, eh?Well, think about it:  ""the second Mrs. DeWinter"" is never even identified by name in this book.  She sucks up all the abuse heaped on her by a servant, no less, because she wants to please everyone so much.du Maurier was trying to tell us something in this great book:  our own initiative, curiosity and self-worth matter so much more than what sort of birth status we have, or what we marry.  In fact, you could argue that by destroying Manderley at the end, du Maurier was making the strongest possible declaration against the so-called privileges of aristocracy.  Such privilege breeds evil and madness.  And Mrs. DeW2 only learns that toward the end - and, of course, each of us is Mrs. DeW2."
This is a timeless classic.  Very eery and yet touching at the same time.  The heroine is easily someone you can identify with.  I also enjoyed watching the movie after finishing the book.
"The book was good, and particularly of note was Anna Massey's reading performance. Both female and male characters came dramatically to life through her rendition of the book. I highly recommend this audiobook to anyone interested in a great insight into the feminine psyche and an excellently delivered reading performance."
"After reading the book, ""Rebecca"", I can understand why it is mandatory reading for a high school English class. The writing and language of Daphne DuMaurier is exquisitely rich with such precision to detail, one can easily enter the stage she sets and the worlds she creates.The story is told through the eyes of a young woman whose name is never mentioned,  unless Mademoiselle, and later Madame and Mrs. DeWinter.  Beginning at the ending, in the first two chapters, the narrative begins again, in Monte Carlo as a hired companion to a boorish matronly social-climber, while befriending a widower on holiday who suddenly asks her hand in marriage before she is required, by duty, to leave Monte Carlo for New York.  The simple-bred and educated young woman henceforth lives within the aristocratic English estate, Manderley, and the shadow of Rebecca, the recently deceased former wife of her new husband where she finds superficial manners and politeness as well as drama and mystery.Here is one example of the part Rebecca plays in the story, from the new Mrs. DeWinter's point of view:  ""I could fight the living but I could not fight the dead.  If there was some woman in London that Maxim loved, someone he wrote to, visited, dined with, slept with, I could fight with her.  We would stand on common ground.  I should not be afraid.  Anger and jealousy were things that could be conquered.  One day the woman would grow old or tired or different, and Maxim would not love her any more.  But Rebecca would never grow old.  Rebecca would always be the same.  And she and I could not fight.  She was too strong for me.""  (But wait until you find out how Rebecca died....)The sequel to this story, written by Susan Hill Long, is called ""Mrs. DeWinter"", so I'm assuming the narrator's given name still remains a mystery even there."
"""I put Manderley first, before anything else. And it does not prosper, that sort of love."" So says Maximilian de Winter, the handsome and wealthy master of the house and country estate so named. After the sudden death of his beautiful and accomplished wife, Rebecca, de Winter flees to Monaco. He astonishes both himself and the book's nameless narrator by marrying that narrator just weeks after meeting her. The new Mrs. de Winter is barely out of school, and so poor that she's in Monaco as paid companion to an obnoxious widow. Does Maxim really love her? Or is he simply unable to bear returning alone to his beloved Manderley, with Rebecca no longer there?The young second wife is out of her depth socially and economically, feeling far more kinship with her husband's staff of servants than with his friends. Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper who came to Manderley when Rebecca was Maxim's bride, realizes that immediately and takes full advantage. Mrs. Danvers adored Rebecca, and hates the woman who now occupies her place at Manderley. Which Rebecca seems never to have left, after all....I enjoyed this book thoroughly. It's beautifully written, with rich detail and a slow, subtle building of menace that's ultimately far more creepy than modern ""in-your-face"" scare-fests ever manage. I especially like the flaws in Du Maurier's heroes, and the sympathetic qualities of her villians. Not only does that make the characters, all of them, more realistic; it also matches the novel's start-to-finish ambiguity. In a lesser writer's hands that ambiguity might come off as unsatisfying, but Du Maurier manages to strike exactly the right note. Especially - where it matters most - on the final page."
"When the narrator (Name unknown) overwhelmingly accepts Maxim De Winter's unanticipated marriage preposal, she finds herself in a horrible nightmare as the new ""Mrs. De Winter"" of the enchanting home of Manderley.  It is in her new high rank as the head mistress of Manderley that she undergoes the many harships of replacing the notorious, beautiful, and powerful, late wife of Maxim's, Rebecca.  Du Maurier beautifully crafts her heroine, touching on each and every painstaking moment she must endure of being the ""replacement.""  The surrealness of Manderley, the timelessness of the characters, and an unforgettable twisting climax, all contribute to this stories ease of capturing every reader's heart.  The love I have for this story stretches far beyond this simple summary.  Read it; and don't tell me you loved it, because I already know you will."
"Rebecca is surely the the quintessential Gothic suspense.  DuMaurier controls and modulates the atmosphere in scene after scene with wonderful descriptive passages.  The characters are simply drawn, but stay true to the tragic story.  Suspense and foreboding build steadily, even though the plot holds no surprises for the modern reader.I am never interested in romance novels, gothic suspense, or mysteries.  Nevertheless, I found Rebecca to be a completely satisfying read.While reading the novel, I felt like I was watching an extended directors' cut of the best Hitchcock movie ever.  So I was not surprised to find that he brought Rebecca to the screen and that it was his breakthrough film.  He obviously learned a great deal from DuMaurier."
"The book was shipped quickly, was just as described, and was just right for what we needed: a hardback version for a school summer reading list."
"There is a reason it's called a classic. It is one of the best written books in history, in my option, and it really resonated with me, long after I finished it. My mom suggested it, and usually I don't care for her fare, but I am so glad I read it. I won't go into any detail because I'd hate to spoil it for anyone, but let's just say, it's a winner. Also, I loved the movie--Rebecca."
"What a great classic....very slow at first, but once you get started, you can't put it down.I figured out a few things as I was reading, but the end was quite a surprise.I too was not happy my book club chose this book, but it turned out to be a wonderful choice.You won't be disappointed once you get past about the first 50 pages.ENJOY!!"
"This book took a long time to get rolling but once the hook was set the reading became easy ripping off one page after another through to the end.  A great story of a man's limitations, the things money can do for you, and how the inevitable will always get you in the end."
I read this book years ago when I was in high school.  I loved reading it again.  I looked for years for a hardcover copy and could never find one.  I finally thought to look at Amazon and sure enough there it was.  I bought a used hardcover copy and it was in great shape and the price was very reasonable.I love that Amazon always has what I'm looking for.
"This wonderful book, took me to the deepest chambers of my soul and heart and left me to ponder my fate in this world"
"I'm a shy girl myself, so I really felt like I could relate to the main character of the book. I could understand the paranoia she felt, her over-sensitivity of what others thought of her, and her feelings of not fitting in. I believe the major points to the story was was to show how the main character finally gains complete confidence in herself and confidence in her husband's love for her.One of the most memorable quotes is when the main character realizes how foolish her fear of people was:""I wondered how many people there were in the world who suffered, and continued to suffer, because they could not break out from their own web of shyness and reserve, and in their blindness and folly built up a great distorted wall in front of them that hid the truth.""To tell the truth, it was hard for me to get past the first chapter or so, but once you finally get to the main story it becomes much more interesting. Right when I finished the book, I actually went back and read the first chapter and finally understood how it all came together."
"Rebecca is a chilling book that follows the life of the second Mrs. Maxim de Winter and her experiences trying to outlive the ghost of her predecessor, Rebecca.  She meets Maxim while serving in the employ of a Mrs. Van Hopper--a rude American who hires the narrator to be a companion.  She hates Mrs. Van Hopper but doesn't see much other option for herself since her parents died and left her penniless.Upon Mrs. Van Hopper becoming ill, the narrator and Mr. de Winter strike up a friendship that turns into something more and eventually marry.  It's upon the return to Mr. de Winter's estate, Manderley, that things start  to get interesting and complicated for the narrator.  We follow along as she deals with family, the servants and former friends, and attempts to make a happy life for herself and Maxim.  The mysterious death of Rebecca haunts the main character though she can't quit pinpoint why, and we follow her through her daily routine until she discovers what happened and why it's important to her.I found the book tedious at points.  The writing is very tightly wound up in the narrator's mind and we follow her thoughts through several permutations of ""what could have happened"" or ""what might be happening"" or ""what other people are currently thinking about her"", etc.  I never felt like putting the book aside, however, but I did find it difficult to get into in the beginning.  And it isn't until around p. 200 (in my edition) that it becomes gripping...and the book is indeed gripping, and I finished the last 200pp in an evening and the following afternoon.Recommended."
"Rebecca is one of my favourite novels because of it's re-readability. A reader is invited into the head of it's mousy heroine and asked to tread the halls of manderley, a place where the new mrs De Winter feels out of place and lost. She sees signs of her predecessor everywhere and she feels inferior to the more accomplished and beautiful woman that came before her.She is made even more unwelcome by the forbidding housekeeper Mrs Danvers, who doted on the original Rebecca and brings more trouble to the unnamed new wife.Brilliantly written, a wonderful tale of passion and jealousy. I highly recommend it."
"If you have never read Du Maurier's classic, you must. This book is one of my all time favorite novels and has everything a good novel should have...suspense, mystery, romance and the most colorful characters you will ever find. The first time I read the book, I couldn't put it down. And the second time, the same thing happened...even when I knew the ending!! I can certainly understand why this book propelled Du Maurier to author stardom. It should be on everyone's bucket list of books."
"What a wonderful, wonderful book. The first (and definitely not the last) time I ever read Rebecca was when I was a teenager; it still remains as one of my favorites. Its opening sentence must be one of the most famous in English literature: ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again."" Such a simple sentence, but there is so much meaning in it. Mrs. Danvers is one of my favorite villains of all time, and Rebecca one of the most sinister ghosts in my reading memory; most sinister, because she can't be seen, only felt in the way she is reverently remembered. Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again... and so I keep visitng Manderley and all its wonderful characters over and over again. Its thrilling conclusion is the best possible one for a story such as this, reminiscent of Jane Eyre ad the like."
"I had to read this book for an honors english class and I could hardly get past the first 100 pages. After the that, the plot picked up the pace and it became a halfway decent book. I would advise anyone who quits reading after one boring chapter not to even try this book."
"It's funny how much of an impact someone can make on everyone around them. When Rebecca de Winter died, people were in shock. She was the perfect woman to run Manderley, the estate of Maxim de Winter. She was beautiful, clever, charming, and a great friend to everyone... except for those her knew her all too well. Although she was such a bold woman, no one expected Rebecca to hold such a lasting impression at Manderley. When Mr. de Winter brought home a new wife, people weren't quit sure what to say. Why, this young bride was nothing like the previous Mrs. de Winter! But, for those who adored Rebecca, they needn't worry. Rebecca would live on. In the halls and rooms of Manderley and in the minds of all her acquaintances. Manderley was Rebecca's, and nothing could take that away from her. Not even her own death. One woman. One house. One widowed husband. One blushing bride. Many memories that won't die. It all adds up to an extraordinary novel that will have you on the edge of your comfy reading chair until the very last word..."
"This wonderful book bored me quite a bit of the way through, but maybe that is because I am a high-school student, and I had to read it.  Without pressure, most books are much more pleasing.  However, looking back, thinking about it, I love this book.  Du Maurier is a  talented author.  She has created a grand environment, the immense Manderley.  She has also made great and intriguing characters: the young, timid narrator, quite often the only one who is left not knowing what is going on (she is never referred to by her first name); the rich, enigmatic Maxim De Winter, the narrator's husband; the loyal servants, including the ever-active Frith and the bumbling Robert; the unforgettable Mrs. Danvers, always seeming to lurk in the shadows, always looking upon Mrs. De Winter with a keen eye of expectancy and detest; the tactless Beatrice; Maxim's agent, Frank Crawley; and of course, the dead, ever-present, haunting Rebecca.  The narrator comes to Manderley, completely new to this lifestyle, and forever falls in the shadow of Rebecca.  She learns of Rebecca's fate, having drowned in the sea after her boat capsized.  She learns everything about the ways of Manderley, and tries to follow these unwritten laws.  Then, a ship crashes somewhere near Manderley, and a diver is sent to survey the damage.  When he comes up, he reports the discovery of Rebecca's ship!  He also reports a body found in the cabin.  Could there have been another passenger onboard?  Did Rebecca even drown at all?  Could she have been murdered?  I won't spoil the big surprises, suffice to say this is where the plot twists and you begin to see the shades of gray.  And of course, the last surprise, which is even foreshadowed on page 3 or 4, is given on the last page for the final eye-opener."
"My favorite of Du Maurier's books (that I've read). The mysterious Max De Winter marries a woman much younger than himself, and takes her home to Manderley, his estate. The second Mrs. De Winter is surrounded by the overpowering memories of Rebecca, the deceased first wife of Max, and Mrs. Danvers, Rebecca's loyal housekeeper, who makes no secret of her dislike for the new bride. Suspenseful and haunting, it's a great read!"
I had to read this book for school and I couldn't get through the first five chapters. They were so boring and very un-interesting. What I had to end up doing is skip a few chapters ahead and read from there. Even then though I had to force myself to read it. Not enjoyable at all.
"I've been familiar with the story of ""Rebecca"" for what seems to be most of my life; I've watched the screen version numerous times, but only recently got around to reading the novel.  Even though I knew what was going to happen, Daphne Du Maurier still managed to keep me on my toes.  Only the greatest of suspense writers can do that.""Rebecca"" tells the tale of a young woman, without family connections, who finds herself falling in love with and agreeing to marry the widowed Maximillian DeWinter.  She becomes the ""second"" Mrs. DeWinter and must adjust to life at Manderley, the estate that Maxim owns (and, where he also lived with his first wife).  A shy and naive girl of nineteen, Mrs. DeWinter is unable to cope with the splendor and magnitude of life at Manderley.  She constantly feels that everyone is watching her and judging her; but most importantly of all, comparing her to Rebecca, the first Mrs. DeWinter.  She is also convinced that just as much as she loves her husband, he is still that much in love with his first wife.  This mindset is enhanced and complicated by the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers (possibly one of the very best literary villians ever) who keeps Rebecca's rooms intact, as if she were about to walk through the door at any moment.  She terrorizes our narrator with her tales of Rebecca and how much Maxim loved her and Mrs. DeWinter believes all of Mrs. Danvers stories.The past finally has to be confronted when Rebecca's body turns up in her sailboat, buried at the bottom of the sea.  The ghost that has hung over their precarious marriage finally ""comes to life"" to haunt them.  Du Maurier brings her novel to a thrilling conclusion, (even though the story technically begins after the novel's story has come to an end).  The characters are vividly written and one feels the reach of Rebecca's deviousness just as much as Mrs. DeWinter does.  And when it's all over, you want to read it again."
"On the surface, with its feminine title & book cover, Rebecca may appear to be a romance novel that begs the question: Is this really a classic? Well, upon further review after reading every page(and enjoying every one no less), I can irrefutably promulgate that Rebecca is, indeed, a classic which should doubtless be read -- and enjoyed -- by both sexes.Rebecca is nothing short of an archetype of the mystery/suspense genre.  Written in 1938, it quickly became an instant bestseller -- and for good reason.  In the paradoxical world of Manderley, where you feel a certain awe due to the fictional mansion's opulence and wonder coupled with a peculiar eerie malaise, Du Maurier has created a most bizarre character in the house itself.Her masterful imagery, deft characterization of the new Mrs. de Winter, the enigmatic maxim, the creepy but ingeniously crafted Mrs. Danvers, the decadent Jack Favell, the incorrigibly pompous Mrs. Van Hopper, the tacitly loyal Frith, and, of course, the character that, although deceased from the beginning, eerily pervades the already cryptic landscape of Manderley, as well as the book itself, from page one - Rebecca.  Rebecca exists as an inscrutable mystery that begs us to press on and uncover the hidden truth as we enjoy superb prose all the while -- truly a most captivating read."
"I finally had the time to finish reading this wonderful thriller! Daphne du Maurier's prose carries so many important details woven together that every paragraph must be savored. Her books are not ones to speed read. As with My Cousin Rachel, the title character is created out of the other characters recollections of her, her possessions and her history. Unlike Rachel, Rebecca's appearance doesn't allow for her to make any explanations or tell her version of the story. Both books end abbruptly but with Rebecca there's a chance for happiness for the protagonist."
"Oh my gosh!  My English teacher recommended this book to me, and when I first picked it up, I thought, no way am I reading this!  Well I did read the book, and although the book took a little while to really take off, it became quite intriging.  I love romance novels, but this one just blew them all away!  Rebecca is about a young mistress (her name was never given) who is married to a widower name Maxim.  Maxim's late wife, Rebecca, was loved and cherished by everyone~maids etc., and after her death a few things got a little cooky around the house.  Everyone tried to make the new mistress feel unwelcome and out of place.  I'm not going to give away the book, but Daphne Du Maurier definately through in a major suprise regarding Rebecca's death towards the end!  I loved this book, and I wouldn't be suprised if I picked it up and read it again!"
"It's a wonderful book. Full of suspense. The movies are good, but the book is so much better. Buy it!"
"This is a book from an era that I've read a lot, but somehow had missed this book. I'm very glad I've found it now. She weaves words together in fantastic ways. The book spoke to me."
This is one of my all time FAVORITE books! The story is very haunting but very beautiful ad well! LOVE!!
"I picked up Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier for 4 reasons:1. Everyone raves about this book2. It's been on my TBR list for waaaaay too long3. It's on my Classics Club list4. It's called Rebecca, only the best name ever.On the cover of the paperback I have, it says ""The unsurpassed modern masterpiece of romantic suspense.""  That did not make me look forward to reading it.  But I read it anyway.The second Mrs. de Winter (who, if I'm not mistaken, we never find out what her name actually is) tells the story of her experiences at Manderley, a fabulous estate.She started out poor, as a companion/maid to a wealthy old woman, and ends up meeting Maxim de Winter while in Monte Carlo.  No one would have expected it, but after a short period of time, only a few weeks, Maxim asks her to marry him and come back to Manderley with him.After a honeymoon in Italy, they arrive at Manderley, a home that is filled with his late wife Rebecca's touches and tastes.  The new Mrs. de Winter can't live up to the fabulous Rebecca, who everyone loved so much. . .But something isn't right. . .Actually, something is severely wrong. . .It just takes a while of reading to find out what exactly that ""wrong"" thing is.Rebecca is a classic for a reason.  It's shocking, suspenseful, beautifully written.  I highly recommend checking out Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier if you have not done so, especially if you want an easy-to-read classic novel.What name do YOU think is the best?Thanks for reading,Rebecca @ Love at First Book"
"I've wanted to read Rebecca for a long time. With my Kindle I just did. Wonderful reading, very descriptive, felt I was at Manderley."
"I love this book. It is full of mystery and intrigued. It produces so many deep thoughts and yet leads so many questions unanswered. When I first read this book I supported the new Mrs De Winter's - yet her actions towards the end of the book makes me question just how likable she is.Rebecca though dead, is so alive and full of life throughout the book, you have to wonder just who is the real ghost of a woman.A book to read again and again"
"This made a great choice for a book club.  There was a lot to discuss.  It was interesting that I read this when I was about 18 or 20 and now, many, many year later, the read was different, from a different life perspective."
"This book has been my all time favorite.  It is ageless and timeless and the writing superb.  I have been waiting for it to be available for Kindle.Daphne du Maurier gives the reader a clear visual image of the characters, setting, and events almost as if the reader were a bystander watching from the wings."
THIS CLASSIC IS COMPELLING AND ONE DOESN{T WANT IT TO END.ONE OF THE GREAT ALL TIME NOVELS.  ONE OF A KIND.
Finally available in kindle I enjoyed it as much as I did when I read it as a girl. Afterward interesting as well
"In the beginning of ""Rebecca"" it is boring, but do not let that deter you from continuing.  The book gets much better after the first hundred pages.  It is easy to empathize with the second Mrs. deWinter, practically a child bride, as she settles into her position at Manderley.  Du Maurier creates such vivid characters that by the end of the book you feel as if you know them in person.  Mrs. deWinter is awkward and introverted, Maxim is tempestuous and mercurial, and Mrs. Danvers is threatening and sinister.  At times the book is slow but in some places (like the scene where Mrs. Danvers attempts to get Mrs. deWinter to commit suicide or when Maxim tells his wife how he killed Rebecca) you will be unable to put the book down.  The book is poignant and suspenseful and by the end you will want to read the book all over again."
"This is a wonderful novel.  Everything about it is brilliant. ... chose this book to read for a book report, only because I had heard Alfred Hitchcock made a movie out of it-which I have not seen yet.  I didn't really know what to expect, and I have to admit, I had major doubts about the book after reading the beginning chapters.  But after reading the entire novel, I I understand why they were there and now appreciate them greatly.One of the strongest points of the book are the characters.  Never have characters been so developed and real, or at least I think of them as real.  I completely felt for all the characters, especially Mrs. DeWinter (the second).  She responded to situations as I would of and since much of the book is her racing thoughts, she thought like me too.  I felt for all the character and could understand why a man would kill his wife.The genious of this book also comes from the smart storytelling and intruiging plot.  Everybody looks at Mrs. DeWinter and compares her to Rebecca, haunting her every thought (or at least she thinks they are).  The story telling is just plain brilliantThe book is slow at first, but give it patience, you'll not regret it."
"After not reading this book for at least ten years, I picked it up again.  It's a masterpiece, no doubt, but as I've gone along my own life my reaction to the characters changes.  The second Mrs de Winter IS very young, like a self-conscious adolescent, so concerned about what others think, so easily intimidated, refusing to speak up in a way that is frustrating.  (For example, if Mrs Danvers tried that costume trick on me I would  fire her within the hour -- but at Mrs de Winter's tender age I would have been intimidated.)  She wastes her time imagining terrible situations, not realizing that her husband loves her the whole time, that what she wants is close at hand, too frightened to be happy.  Both Maxim and his second wife are flawed, and in some ways another reviewer is right, Rebecca, not seen, who grabbed life with two hands, is to be admired.  Nevertheless I enjoy the scenes narrated by the second Mrs de Winter, even the slower first chapters, as they draw you through the novel.  I disagree with other reviewers that some of the dialogue is dull -- or rather, it is meant to seem like a dull overlay to the terrifying secrets just below the surface."
"I had to read Rebecca for freshamn year at my high school. At first I thought it to be so boring and that i would hate the book. But once you get to at least Chapter 19, you can't put it down! The turning point is so dramatic that it makes you want to just keep reading! Great Book!"
"I read the book Rebecca, as a requirement for freshman year, and I have to say, if it were not for the fact that a huge test was looming above my head, I would not have touched the book. In truth, I had started reading Rebecca a long while back, but gave up due to the incredibly detailed, (boring) introduction on her current life without Manderley. So as my first note in writing a review, I'd like to mention nothing too spectacularly exciting will happen for the first 150 pages, so the most you can do is hang tight, and think of how cool it'll be when it skips to the traumatic experiences of Maxim and Rebecca.The story is well written, in appropriately florid speech, understandable only if you reread the section a few times. The characters are developed, though you find yourself annoyed with the narrator, as she is, Incredibly Stupid. Ofcourse, that's how they built the character up to be, but just as a forewarning, it can go from irritating, to aggravating within a few pages.Then, it amazes me that she doesn't mention a name. It is always ""The second Mrs. DeWinters"", which also rubs against me the wrong way, especially when you are graded on how well you understand the book, and usually if you don't even catch the first name of the Main Character/Narrator, your comprehension is obviously at fault.However, the gruesome bits where they talk about the murder, will satisfy any morbid curiosity, and I really enjoyed the twist in the end."
"This novel tells the story of a  naive young woman (whose name is never mentioned) traveling in Monte Carlo as the companion to an older woman.  In the dining room of the hotel, she meets the brooding Maxim de Winter, who is taking some time off after the apparent suicide of his wife.  He takes a fancy to her and after a whirlwind romance, they wed.After a long honeymoon, they return to Maxim's family estate, Manderley.  Almost immediately, the second Mrs. de Winters begins to feel her inadequacy.  She thinks the staff look down on her as a common girl, which is further re-inforced by the contemptuous looks from the first Mrs. de Winters' personal maid, Mrs. Danvers.  And, then there is the presence of Rebecca -- the first Mrs. de Winters.  She seems to be everywhere, and the new Mrs. de Winters constantly feels that she needs to live up to her popularity with the staff and the people of the town.Through a series of disastrous events, the second Mrs. de Winters learns the truth about Rebecca's death and in the process grows into a stronger person.This wonderful novel is full of twists and turns that leave the reader wanting more.  Du Marier's characters are all well-drawn, especially the sinister Mrs. Danvers.  The story gets a bit melodramatic at times, but that can easily be overlooked because of the age of the story.Still a page-turner well worth reading."
"I had to choose a book from a list for a book report for English freshman year and I decided to read this one. Being 15, I was intimidated by the size at first. However, it took me 10 minutes to be wrapped into this novel. I didn't want to put it down! As others have said on this page, there are literally twists and turns until the very last page! It is an amazing book and I will read it again and again until the pages fall out! I encourage anyone who may have this book to choose from for school to read it!"
THE BOOK WAS NOT GOOD AT ALL BECAUSE IT WAS NOT INTERESTING AND I WAS FORCED TO READ IT FOR A SUMMER READING BOOK AS IF READING OVER THE SUMMER ISNT BAD ENOUGH I HAD TO READ REBECCA IT JUST A THOUSAND PAGES OF NONSENSE. I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER BOOK BY THIS AUTHOR AGAIN AND I'D ADVISE YOU NOT TO EITHER.
"Suspense, mystery, intrigue and one of the most fantastic twists in the tale. Reading through the narrators guilt and past everyones reverence of Rebecca a new branch is extended, and Rebecca's true colours are finally known. The part where Maxim tells his wife about Rebecca is spine-chilling-- not in a sense of the supernatural or blood and gore, but in a true psychological thriller sense (though that genre falls short of describing the thickly woven ruses in this novel). Classical."
"THis book was reccommended to me by my stepmother.Though relectunt at first, it only took a few pages to get caught up in it.Truly a wonderful book. It's full of suspense and mystery. This book is good for kids as well as adults. I encourage everyone to read it."
Does anyone need a review of this classic .... It is the best description of human emotions set under mysterious surroundings ...
"I used 3 days to read this book and in this period, I can't help to stop reading. This opening is fantastic! Du Maurier used two chapters to explain the feelings in the Narrator after the incident. It's hard to follow, but I reccomand you to read the first two chapters after you have finished the book. At that time you will understand the meaning of it.By the way, I think Hollywood should do a revival edition of Rebecca after Hitchcock. It's worth to try! When I was reading the book, I always pictured that Gwyneth Paltrow as the nameless Mrs. de Winter, Edward Norton (with beard or moustache) as Max de Winter, Maggie Smith as Mrs. Danvers and Kevin Spacey as Frank Crawley. It is the brillant cast in my imagination. I was highly reccomand to do it."
"All I have to say is wow. I watched the Alfred Hitchcock version of this movie in my English class before I knew about the book. The book and the movie are different in some ways, but hands down, the book is better. Exactly how every other review summarizes the book is how I would put it too. I think one of the reasons people like this book so much is because besides the fact that it's so intriguing and written beautifully, we can all relate to the unnamed narrator in how she feels at times and how she overcomes it. This book gives answers at the end, but at the same time, leaves you guessing, which is perfectly left wide open for a sequel. (which, I can't wait to read.) The movies made from this book that I know about are the Alfred Hitchcock version, and a BBC version and a mini series that aired in the 80's or 70's. I intend to watch every one of them."
"WOW! What a great book! This was actually my first real ""Grown-Up"" person novel that I have ever read, and im only 14 yrs old! (well, technically, I was late into my 13tnh year when I read this, but you get the idea!) My mom actually reccomended this to me, as I had to read a book atleast 300 pgs. at length for a school project, but it hardly felt like it was an assignment! Though at first it may seem like you may NEVER finish it for people my age, it flys right by! CAUTION: Do NOT read the sequel!"
"""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderly again...""With that opening sentence, Rebecca offers an addicting and engrossing journey into the mind of our unnamed heroine, slowly tortured by her new marriage to Maxim DeWinter, a man twice her age, and haunted by his dead first wife, Rebecca--whose body was never discovered. She finds herself living in Rebecca's shadow and haunted by the mystery of the woman's death. She is and always will be the SECOND Mrs. DeWinter, something the sinister housekeeper, Ms. Danvers, will not let her forget.Rebecca is a novel of mystery and passion, a deliciously dark psychological tale with a brooding atmosphere and unbearable tension. Daphne DuMaurier has crafted an exceptional masterpiece of romantic suspense, one of the best books of the 20th century and possibly the best book in the romantic suspense genre.  Highly Recommended!!!"
"I first read this book in the eighth grade. I was really intrigued because it had a great story line. Now that I'm in college and am taking an adolescent literature class, I have decided to reread the novel in hopes of greater understanding. It is very fascinating. ""Rebecca"" by Daphne Du Maurier is a mystery about a young girl who dies and leaves her husband widowed. The husband remarries and Rebecca begins to haunt them. The underlying part of the story begins when Rebecca's late husband, Maxim de Winter, makes his second wife, a lady who's name the book never mentions live in Rebecca's shadow."
"I first read this book in the eighth grade. I was really intrigued because it had a great story line. Now that I'm in college and am taking an adolescent literature class, I have decided to reread the novel in hopes of greater understanding. It is very fascinating. ""Rebecca"" by Daphne Du Maurier is a mystery about a young girl who dies and leaves her husband widowed. The husband remarries and Rebecca begins to haunt them. The underlying part of the story begins when Rebecca's late husband, Maxim de Winter, makes his second wife, a lady who's name the book never mentions live in Rebecca's shadow."
"Having discovered the incredible works of Daphne du Maurier long ago, I can only wonder why I had never read her most renowned and classic novel.  Probably just as well too, because I'd probably not have appreciated du Maurier's exquisite mastery of suspense-building.  Most of her novels are definite page-turners, keeping the reader firmly with grasp; this work not only grasps, it gropes!.  Memorable characters, even if not particularly loveable ones.  Dame Daphne left us with some great reading and this surely is indeed one of her best and probably one of the greatest novels of the 20th Century."
"I read this book sophomore for a book report and enjoyed it thoroughly.  It was difficult to get started, but once I was into the story, I couldn't put it down. At the end of every chapter, it left me wanting to read just one more.  It was suspensful as well as romantic and exciting.  I would recommend this book to anyone and I want to read it again in the near future.  While doing a report on the author in English class this year, it has given me a new appreciation behind the story's plot and into the author's mind."
"I first read this book in high school, and love it as much -- if not even more -- 25 years later. The sense of place in this novel is very strong, and the narration lends itself to vivid imagery. Add to that a set of multi-dimenstional characters and a suspenseful plot with unexpected twists, you have a timeless classic.In most book stores, this title is typically shelved in the Fiction/Literature sections, not Romance.--Paula Fitzsimmons, pjpublications.com"
"it was a typical gothic novel, but some of the immagry was good."
"While the red 'satin' cover and the category of 'Romance Thriller' seem to be defining characters for Rebecca, it most certainly is not.The story starts with our unnamed the-soon-to-be Mrs. De Winter II, and Mr. Maxim de Winter, a widower of eight months following the tragic drowning of his wife Rebecca. The-soon-to-be Mrs. De Winter II is a paid companion to Mrs. Van Hopper, a fat woman more inquisitive and annoying than humanely possible. One day, the-soon-to-be Mrs. De Winter II is free from lunch duty since Mrs. Van Hopper is sick, and meets de Winter at lunch, and accepts his invitation to a ride in his car. So starts their friendship, until the-soon-to-be Mrs. De Winter II realizes that she is in love with him, her, a just out of school young thing, with a forty-two year old widower. So she is as surprised as Mrs. Van Hopper when he proposes to her right before she leaves; stunned, she says yes.She reaches Manderly, where her fantasyland quickly vanishes. From Mrs. Danvers, the sinister and loyal maid to Rebecca, to Rebecca herself, who seems to haunt the house with her presence, nothing is what it seems. Soon, Mrs. De Winter II finds herself looking for the answers behind the former mistress of the house.This is a brilliantly written book; however, the second half, following the scene in Rebecca's old rooms with Mrs. Danvers, goes by much faster, as the plot speeds towards the climax. This book is genuinely frightening at time; I myself stopped reading in the night because I was getting the chills. For those of you who are not looking for a sappy love story, this book is definitly a must-read."
"I'm not really a reader of romances but heard this one was a great suspense novel as well, a classic made into a film that starred Laurence Olivier and won the academy award for best picture in 1941. A 40something millionaire widower suddenly marries a young woman with no money, background or breeding and takes her to live at his estate, Manderley. She is haunted by the presence of Rebecca, his first wife, whom she imagines her husband is still in love with.I thought the second half of the book much better than the first, I don't know how I stayed through the first 150 pages, which is the same tiresome whining of the main character over and over. The narrator is so mean spirited, self-centered and just too stupid to be believed, searching & sifting through every conversation, the most minor social encounters, digging and digging and digging to find the insults she believes everyone is directing at her. Perhaps this character is dated and can only be appreciated through 1930's lenses as a sensitive, unworldly, eager to please young woman, but I found it hard to be on her side and couldn't identify with anything she felt. The second part of book seems to deserve the suspense label and really does become a page turner once it leaves the realm of the narrator's inner doubts about her marriage and moves to the mystery of how Rebecca really did die."
"This is a marvleous story about a young naive girl who is picked up in Monte Carlo, France by a wealthy, powerful aristocrat.  As soon as she reaches Manderley, the estate in which her new husband lives, she begins to wonder why the house is so...eerie.  She is constantly compared to the prior Mrs. de Winter who was beautiful, charming, and perfect...  Little by little the new Mrs. de Winter realizes that there is a deeper story to the death of the late Mrs. de Winter than that which has been rumored.  This is truely a must-read.  The captivating story is so mysterious and exciting, you cannot put it down."
"When the very young, unsophisticated and nameless heroine of Daphne Du Maurier's ""Rebecca"" happily turns over the ideas that she will ""be Mrs. DeWinter"" and ""will live at Manderley"", she hasn't a clue as to how these thoughts, prompted by much older Max DeWinter and his proposal of marriage, will change her life in a far different way than she ever anticipated. Du Maurier's heroine narrates her own story; she is fanciful, as gauche as the prototypical unblossomed teenager who feels everyone is looking at her as she walks down the high school hallway and hears cruel comments whispered at her expense. Imagine our heroine's surprise when handsome urbane widower Max DeWinter spends all his time in Monte Carlo taking her for drives and escorting her to lunch. Think how awed she is when his proposal comes---the dreams she conjurs--the romantic scenarios that bloom in her head with the same wild ferocity as the flowers Maxim tells her grow in profusion around Manderley's grounds. Of course, she accepts and the story changes venue from Monte Carlo to DeWinter's famous estate, Manderley. The narrator's voice becomes more uncertain as she enters Manderley's doors--the house, its servants and the responsibility of actually being mistress of Manderley unnerve and overwhelm her. In particular, the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, emits a frigid aura that our heroine cannot thaw. Over time, we discover that Mrs. Danvers was very much attached to the first Mrs. De Winter, Rebecca. In fact,from the new bride's perspective, Rebecca haunts nearly everyone in the story: herself, Max, Mrs. Danvers, Frank, Beatrice, Favel---no one seems to be able to function fully without her. Du Maurier's technique of sharing the narrator's fantasies and fears regarding how she measures up to the legendary Rebecca, adds a masterful bit of psychological tension to all action in the story and helps flesh out the rather insignificant narrator whom Du Maurier didn't even think to name. (Younger readers may find these meanderings a little annoying at times and will want the action to continue rather than indulge in more daydreams. Reading these thoughts aloud rather than skimming over them will add more frazzle to the character's already taut nerves and deepen Manderley's already dark shadows.) Equally intriguing and enigmatic is the character of Max DeWinter, tortured by his loss, so wanting to move on, and so dysfunctionally frozen and unable to do so. Du Maurier creates an unequalled atmosphere of palpable unease. Whether you've read the story before and already know Manderley's secrets or are reading it for the first time, you are in for a finely nuanced treat that elicits many different interpretations of each of the main characters with each reading. This is undoubtably the best Gothic novel of the 20th century--the sequels, Mrs DeWinter and Rebecca's Tale (by different authors) do not compare, even though they are sanctioned by the Du Maurier Estate. Many critics dismiss Rebecca as one of Du Maurier's escapist romances; it is anything but---there is no romance here---the nameless narrator does not escape from the odd happenings manifesting themselves within Manderley's walls to love, she, as all other Du Maurier heriones finds herself trapped, first as a servant to an obnoxious American, then again as a servant to her husband who ultimately controls her every thought and action.  Du Maurier creates the eptiome of the 20th century woman.  Enjoy!"
"*  This book shall go down in history.  The heart-wrenching lonliness of the narrator is gripping (not to mention real) and the plot is brilliant.  The reason that I didn't set it off with five stars is because of a slow beginning.  More to the point, also because there was not much romance.  Rebecca herself had more romance than the anonymous narrator and Maxim.  Though flawed, this book is a must-read.*  By the way, stick with this.  It may seem boring at first---but patient readers = the happiest readers of all :o)  !!!"
"Younger readers, I fear, are sadly unaware of Daphne Du Maurier's place in the book world.  She was quite the significant and prolific author, and set the standard for the ""gothic"" romance with REBECCA. She was one of the bestselling authors of her time.  Remember, this is the woman who also wrote THE BIRDS, another Hitchcock classic, as well as several other works that were made into films, including JAMAICA INN, THE SCAPEGOAT (with Alec Guinness), and DON'T LOOK NOW (with Donald Sutherland and Julie Christie).  Unfortunately, I only see a handful of her many novels listed here on Amazon.REBECCA is one of the few, if not the only, of the many gothic romance novels of that era that survived as a ""classic"".  The reason is the unique approach to the tale, the nameless new bride living in the shadow of her husband's first wife.  And then there's the twisty ending, a reading moment that you'll never forget.Not all of her novels are gothic or even romance-- The Scapegoat is a great tale of two men swapping identities, Don't Look Now is a tale of true horror set in Venice, and one of my favorites, The Parasites, is a departure from romance, mystery, or horror, exploring the strange bonds between a trio of siblings.  Her books may have SOLD in the 30's & 40's like Danielle Steel's do now, but you won't find that they are the same book over and over with different names!Du Maurier's work should and must endure -- buy what you can new, scan used book stores and garage sales for the rest of her treasures!If you find yourself loving her books, then also look for her autobiography, called MYSELF WHEN YOUNG."
"We chose this book for our senior project and it has turned out really good so far, we didnt really think the book was going to be this interesting and it keeps you wondering through out the whole thing. It's told by a nameless Mrs. De Winter who is living in the shadow of her husband's dead wife. She starts to uncover a mystery surrouding the wifes death and learns the truth about the former Mrs. De Winter. Be prepared for a surprise ending, it keeps you wondering. This is a MUST READ!!"
"We chose this book for our senior project in Senior English. We really didn't really have many high expectations for this book though I have seen the movie. We thought it would be interesting to read, and in fact we were proven wrong with out accusations. In fact, we found that the book was indeed really good and could hardly put it down. We would recommend this book to anyone who loves to read romance and suspense. It does have a rather surprising ending, one that would not have guessed. This is a MUST READ!"
"Rebecca is an interesting book about a young girl who is pulled form her comfort zone as a companion into the world of the rich and famous. She marries a man named Maxim, who's wife drowned a year before.  He can be very ill-tempered but she loves him. She moves to Manderly, an exquisite house just outside of London. She loves it, but she feel that she is in the shadow of Rebecca, Maxim's first wife. None of the servants like her either. A boat wrecks in Manderly's bay and while they are checking for leaks they come across Rebecca's boat. There is a body inside! There is then an inquest into how she died. If it was murder, who did it? Was it suicide? Who knows! Read the book and find out, it's worth it!"
"This is my favorite book of all time. I have read it a thousand times and I am still captivated by the sensory details Daphne DuMaurier uses. I have been to Manderly, I have stood in the gallery hall, I have seen Mrs. Danvers- cold and angry and I have watched Mrs. DeWinter grow from a gauky girl into a woman. I have sometimes felt as if I were at tea with them in the library and I could almost pet Jasper's head.This is a classic literary work. It never ages and I give this book as a gift to special friends at Christmas and everyone of them has done the same.There will never be another story to parallel this."
"My mother insisted that I read Rebecca while in high school.  I fell under its spell and have remained there ever since.  I reread it about once a year.  It remains ever spellbinding.  Thirty years later, it is still on my top ten list."
yippee!!I loved this book.. a pageturner thru and thru..the mystery of Rebecca and the mystery of Manderlay are tantalizing to say the least..that's all I'm going to say... because I want you to experience it as I did... as a virgin
"As a student, I chose to read ""Rebecca"" by Daphne Du Maurier because this murder mystery sounded interesting. When I first started reading it, I have to admit I was little confused. The first chapter kept me in a fog as to what was happening, but my teacher just told me to keep reading and I'd understand. As I kept going, I realized she was right.This book is full of mystery and a great plot twist at the end. To all of those who haven't read it, I'll kept it a secret. But let me tell you, you'll be in for a shock when you find the REAL reason of Rebecca's death. You imagine her as a pure and lovely person and the truth makes your head spin. I also loved how the main character was left un-named. It kept you one step away from her, always wanting to know more information.I gave this book 4 out of 5 stars because occasionally, there were long paragraphs about the narrorator's fantasies that were just out of place and weren't of any use in the plot. But that aside, an amazing read. I recommend it for a rainy day mystery read."
"Daphne Du Maurier's Rebecca is one of the most gothic-romantic stories of the 20th century, and is very compelling story, for all types of readers. One of the most interesting things about the story is, of course, the main character : The Second Mrs. DeWinter, who happens to not have a name present in the story.  The story revovles around a girl who is young mid-teens' early 20's, who works for a cold, obnixious old woman. Her life isn't really worth wild intill she meets the widower Mr. Maxiam DeWinter. The distant maxiam, who's dead first wife, Rebecca, present is still strong as ever, as if she was alive. Mr. DeWinter than marrys the naive woman, who would later in the novel, only be known as "" The Second Mrs. DeWinter."" The second Mrs. DeWinter than moves into Manderlay, Mr. DeWinter's home. While there she meets the sinster Mrs. Danvers. Who seems to not get over the fact that Rebecca has died. And trys to make The Second Mrs. DeWinter's expirence as unplesant as she can.  I first read this book after watching the movie, and just like the phrase, the book is much better. I enjoyed how the character really didn't have a name, which adds to her personality. Her having no name makes sense, The second Mrs. DeWinter, she's mousy, navie, not very confidence, which is the opposite of Rebecca, Maxiam's first wife. I would recommend this book to 13 years or older, or people who enjoy reading, simply as that."
"This book doesn't seem to have lost any of its appeal since it was first published almost seventy years ago.  If you don't know the secrets of this book, they still have shock value and you will still be intrigued and surprised by the plot turns.  There are a number of strong points to recommend this book: it very effectively creates suspense, fascinates you with the mysterious Rebecca, widow of glamorous Maxim (although she is already dead when the story begins her presence looms over every page and you wish you knew more about her), unexpectedly touches you with the relationship between the unnamed narrator and Maxim and effectively provides two points of suspense: the first portion of the book rests on a completely different sort of mystery than the second.  I won't give away the ending, or any of the book's secrets, except to say that the excitement doesn't stop until the end,even after critical details have been revealed.  As a young woman I can assure readers that, overall, the book ages well and will be just as exciting to young readers as older ones.  However, there are a few points that don't hold up as well which prompted some of the later feminist critiques/rewritings of the book (e.g. the idea of ""bad"" versus ""good"" women etc.,)and although the critiques are valid this is still a wonderfully written novel, a classic of the gothic genre, and I defy anyone to pick it up and be able to put it down!"
This book has been around forever and is still popular. The suspense builds and the reader is drawn into the description of the characters and the elegant house.  Some earlier reviewers revealed the answer to the mystery so you may only want to read the first few reviews on this page.
"I didn't notice for a long while that the main character in this book goes nameless for it's entirety. It dawned on me one day as I was trying to relate the story to a friend and kept stumbling over pronouns. I love the fact that DuMaurier at some points refers to her as having ""such a lovely christian name"" but then of course never reveals it. The story is really one of the best she ever wrote. The brilliance of keeping her protagonist nameless through out, makes the presence of the long dead Rebecca even more sinister. And of course Mrs. Danvers is one of the best villainesses to ever be put to ink. A classic must read."
"My love for the classics intersects with my mother's love for murder mysteries . . . My mother had been telling me forever to read this book.  I would get through a few chapters and grow tired of the incredibly long descriptive passages.  On a recent trip to London, though, I steeled myself for the first couple of slow chapters (which my mother kept telling me were ""worth it"" to get through) and fell in love with this novel.  It is fascinating, mysterious, romantic, and terrifying all at once.  I simply could not put it down.  It will remain a favorite of mine for life."
"Rebecca is a timeless classic in the gothic literature genre. Daphne Du Maurier weaves a tale full of tension and suspense that grips the reader from the start and doesn't let go.Max de Winter brings his new bride to Manderley, the home he shared with his beautiful first wife Rebecca, before her untimely death widowed him. Rebecca's presence still seems to permeate Manderley, haunting the new Mrs de Winter and sapping her confidence. The housekeeper Mrs Danvers who loved Rebecca and resents her place being 'usurped' feeds the young brides insecurities at every opportunity and makes her doubt her husbands love for her. When whispers of murder start to be heard, Mrs de Winter starts to doubt her new husband as well as her own sanity.A fantastic tale that can be read time and time again without becoming stale or boring."
"""Rebecca"" was not at all what I expected it to be and I was disappointed.  I expected more of a mystery, more of a mind bending plot, not endless pages of nothing happening.  The ""mystery"" did not surface until about 75 pages to the end.  The ending deeply confused me and left the story hanging.  Perhaps the ""sequels,"" which were released more than 50 years after ""Rebecca"" was published, will make things clearer.  I do not recommend."
I thought that the book Rebecca was an excellent book. Not only did it have suspense but many unexpected turns. The book kept you so involved and I never wanted to put it down. Rebecca was written very nicely although it had some pages that weren't necessary.
"I had to read this book as required reading in high school.  I didn't think it would interest me, but happily, it did!!  Everything about it was fascinating, from the characters to Manderley to Ms. DuMaurier's graceful (if somewhat rambling)prose.  Naturally, I read the sequel MRS. de WINTER immediately after it was published. I am in the process of reading the third book in the series, REBECCA'S TALE.REBECCA is narrated my the nameless Mrs. de Winter.  A traveling companion and servant to a snobbish socialite, Mrs. de Winter is swept off her feet by Maxim de Winter, a wealthy and sophisticated widower, while on vacation in Monte Carlo with her employer.  After a whirlwind courtship and quick, quiet wedding, Maxim whisks her away to Manderley, his ancestral home on the Cornish coast in England.  She's not there long before she realizes that her predecessor, the ineffably beautiful and accomplished Rebecca, is everywhere yet nowhere, dead yet still alive, gone yet not forgotten.  And no one underscores these sentiments more strongly than Mrs. Danvers, Manderley's housekeeper who had been Rebecca's loyal serving woman.  Constantly haunted by Rebecca's memory and forced to do battle with Maxim's odd mood swings, Mrs. de Winter fights to hold her own in her new milieu.  The turning point in the story comes with the discovery of Rebecca's sunken sailboat at the bottom of the bay, and with it horrifying new revelations that she may not have drowned but had been murdered instead.  A series of suspenseful events follows that will keep you on the edge of your seat as the de Winters fight for their love and their lives, and the story concludes with a shocking ending.The movie, made in 1940 by Alfred Hitchcock, is also excellent and stays pretty true to the novel."
Great for all ages!  Once you fall in love with the book...see the movie.
"Rebecca is an amazing book. It took me awhile to get into thought, but after a few chapters, I couldn't put it down!"
"I don't read mysteries but I really had fun reading ""Rebecca"". It was recommended to me by a friend & like all the reviews, I agree that it started out slow & boring, but don't lose hope. I almost did. I know this is a good novel because I was never able to tell what was going to happen next. It is such an inventive novel & I love how descriptive it is. I gave it 5 stars because, other than the ending, was pretty much perfect. It being old makes it all the much better. Mysteries today seem like they were made on an assembly line. I do think everyone should read this one, though."
"I think the book is good. The story is about Maxim de Winter, a rich man, who goes to Monte Carlo and who marries a quiet young woman there. He takes her back to his lovely country home, Manderley. But in Manderley there is still the goest of his first wife Rebecca who destroys the happiness of the couple.The author had a very good idea to start with the end of the story. Like that the book gets a special touch. But apart from that the beginning of the book is a little bit arduous and boring to read. But it becomes better and better up to the final scene which is very exciting which isn't a happy-end. The whole book is filled with emotions and unexpected expressions. The variation of feelings of the unknown narrator are descripped in a way which allows the reader to go into this person and to feel with her. The feelings change from love to hatred. The book also shows how soon that happiness can be destroyed and what it means to be compared with a perfect person the whole time  even though the course of the book shows that there doesn't exist a perfect person without a mistake in the world. I think it the book would be better if the beginning were shortened and if instead of that the end were embellished and longer."
"I don't like the book Rebecca. At the beginning of the story it was just a list of everyday things. For example a walk or a meeting or something else. I found it boring.When the diver finds Rebecca's  body there is a little moment of tention. But before you can study if it was suicide or if it was an accident or if it was murder, <the murderer is revealed>. ... Then all tention is gone. The only thing I have found interesting is the question why the murderer killed Rebecca... But the rest of the story was boring for me.Still the book was a good novel because it was easy to read. But if somebody wants to read an thriller, I wouldn't recommend Rebecca."
"'Rebecca' is an intresting book, I read it very fast because I liked to know what Rebecca was like and why Maxim is so weird.The story about the storyteller's jealousy of a dead person and the murder is very thrilling, but, and that's the reason why I woulden't give five stars, I don't like the behaivour of the storyteller very much, I think she doesn't fight for her love, she never speaked with her husband, she gives up and thinks her marriage have failed, although her 'enemy' is dead."
"This story is a combination of love-story and crime thriller. I think this is a good idea to conbine those subjects.Somebody could write an interesting and exciting story. But this book is written in rather a boring way. The intervals between two events are too long and the excitement is not sustained throughout. But at least there is a lot of excitement.It's a story about a shy young woman and her husband, who has killed his first wife. And nobody knows that he has killed Rebecca, just his second wife knew all. At least Manderlay burnt down."
"I think it`s a good book. Not the best I`ve ever read, but really good. I like the fact that in the middle of the booky you notice suddenly all is different from what you have thought. I was really surprised that Rebecca was such an unkind person! And that Maxim never loved her. I think the end of the book is also really good, because the whole book deals with events that have never happened when Manderley, Maxim`s house, isn`t so important for Maxim any more. And at the end, Manderley burns down.But sometimes the book is a little boring. There are a lot of long dialogues that aren`t really exiting. They are much too long!But I still liked reading that book."
"I think it`s a good book. Not the best I`ve ever read, but really good. I like the fact that in the middle of the booky you notice suddenly all is different from what you have thought. I was really surprised that Rebecca was such an unkind person! And that Maxim never loved her. I think the end of the book is also really good, because the whole book deals with events that have never happened when Manderley, Maxim`s house, isn`t so important for Maxim any more. And at the end, Manderley burns down.But sometimes the book is a little boring. There are a lot of long dialogues that aren`t really exiting. They are much too long!But I still liked reading that book."
"I think the book Rebecca is very good! some passages are a bit boring, but only a bit.You understand what Daphne Du Maurier means and the story is very interesting. You think Maxim did love Rebecca but it wasn't true and you don't know at first what's wrong.In the part of the novel, Daphne Du Maurier made the plot quite thrilling! That was the part for me. The end is a bit sarcastic, but ok!!"
"I think it`s a good book. Not the best I`ve ever read, but really good. I like the fact, that you notice in the middle of the book, all is different from what you had thought. I was really surprised that Rebecca was such an unkind person! And that Maxim never loved her. I think the end of the book is also really good, because the whole book deals with things which have never happened, when Manderley, Maxim`s house, isn`t so important for Maxim any more. And at the end, Manderley doesn`t exist any more!But sometimes the book is a little boring. There are a lot of long dialogues, who aren`t really exiting. These dialogues are too long!But I like still reading that book."
"I recommend the book anybody, who doesn't want to make a fault by searching a new novel to read. You will surely love the book. As I read the book for the first time I found the beginning a little bit difficult to understand, but after two or three chapters I began to understand the story and gradually I couldn't stop reading. What I specially like, is the uncertainty of what will happen. The course of the story always changes, every moment things can happen, that you would never expect. Another interesting point is that the book doesn't begin with the beginning of the story, but with the end. At the beginning Manderley burns down and the first person narrator want to tell us the reason.What I've very found exciting, was that I never expected, that Rebecca was as such person as she's at the end. I thought she was so lovely, but the truth isn't so.The only thing what I can still say is that you have to read this book. I found exciting from the beginning to the end."
"I think the book is good. The story is about Maxim de Winter, a rich man, who goes to Monte Carlo and who marries a quite young woman there. He takes her back to his lovely country home, Manderley. But in Manderley there is still the ghost of his first wife Rebecca who destroys the happiness of the couple. The autor had a very good idea, to start with the end of the story. Like that the book gets a special touch. But apart from that the beginning of the book is a little bit ardious and boring to read. But it becomes better and better up to the final scene which is very exciting which isn't a happy-end. The whole book is filled with emotions and unexpected expressions.The variation of feelings of the unknown narrator are descripped in a way which allows the reader to go into this person and to feel with her. The feelings change from love to hatred. The book also shows how soon that hapiness can be destroyed and what it means to be compared the whole time with a perfect person, even though that the course of the book shows that there doesn't existe a perfect person without a mistake in the world. I think it the book would be better when the beginning would be shortened and instead of that to embellish the end."
"The story is not bad and some scenes are exciting but after all the settings seemed too strange and the story too constructed for me. Also the characters are a little wierd, for example Ms Daver's only function is to walk through the castle and to be mysterious. It's just not the kind of books I like reading."
"The story of Rebecca is interesting and different from usual ones. The novel shows the problems of the main actor, Mrs de Winter, very graphic. But for me there's not enough tension. One of the reasons for the missing tension is that you don't wonder why something happens because either you know why or you don't notice that something strange is going to happen.After about three quarters of the book, the reader knows what exactly happened with Rebecca, but the book doesn't end at this place, it still goes on. That makes the end rather boring in spite of the unclear ending."
"Rebecca was one of the best books I've ever read. The feelings of the different characters are described perfectly in this book. The mysteries are breath-taking. Daphne du Maurier made the end perfect. It's a very sad ending, but the story is not finished yet there. Every reader can imagine the very end himself.About the story:After the death of his wife Rebecca, Mr. de Winter goes to Monte Carlo to forget his past. At that time he meets a young lady, marries her and takes her to his home Manderley. But there is one problem in this new marriage, Rebecca who died under mysterious circumstances. The memory of Rebecca ruins the marriage of the new Mrs. de Winter and Maxim de Winter."
"Rebecca is a story about a young woman who gets involved in a difficult affair. In the first part of the story, Mrs de Winter, who has married a rich, much older man, Max de Winter, writes about her life in her new home, the great Manderley. She learns the entire story of Rebecca, Max�s first wife. Then, her husband admits, that all this has been a lie. From then on, everything goes fast. Max is accused because of a suspicion of murder. By sheer luck, they succeed in escaping from the prison.In the whole book, there is not much tension. Neither at the beginning nor at the end. Certainly, there is some tension, but when the tension comes to a head, the book finishes very swiftly � without being finished.Another reason why I don�t like the book very much are the characters. The entire story is not contemporary at all. It�s boring to watch the rich people �count their money�. They are so impersonal, I can just watch what they are doing, I can hardly sympathise with them."
"An amazing read! The story of a young girl who falls in love and marries a mysterious man who owns the mansion Manderly. I fell in love with Maxim de Winter immediately and loved the little quirks of the heroine (who goes un-named throughout). The descriptions are amazing - you can picture everything du Maurier describes; you can see Manderly. The heroine arrives at Manderly expecting happiness, acceptance, and love, but instead she finds a dark secret that almost tears her world in two. The book's climax keeps you at the edge of your seat. Read it!"
"I always read the reviews at Amazon before I spend money and shipping to buy a book.  When reading the reviews for this book I was pissed.  I was reading through the reviews and thought, ""WOW I've got to read this!""  Then I got to Barbara's review and she ruined it for me.  Why on earth would you spoil the book for potential readers by giving away the ending??  Barbara defends her actions......Bull!  There is no defense!  I just hate it when someone tells the ending of a book or movie. Suffice it to say...I'm not going to buy the book now!"
"I read the review from Barbara L Timmer, and was Highly dismayed to find that she had given away a large portion of the book.  I considered buying the book, but why bother now that I know who killed who. Thanks alot Barbara, for ruining this book which I was so excited to read! I hope Amazon takes my advice and removes your review.  If you have not read Rebecca, skip over her review."
"As a femminist I should object to the way this book portrays womyn, but this book is just so darn good, who cares about the other stuff.Ever since I first read this book when I was around 9 or 10 years old, Rebecca has haunted me.  Is she angel or devil, victim or vllian?Here's an interesting spectulation.  Perhaps she was a Lesbian forced into marriage with a man.  The book certainly makes it clear that Mrs. Danvers was in love with Rebecca.  And when Maxim is telling the second Mrs. DeWinter his version of what Rebecca was like, he even says that Rebecca wasn't normal.  And given the time this book was written, homophobia was completely acceptable, perhaps even, coupled with male pride, a justification for murder.The best thing about this book is the way Manderly is another character in the book.  The presence and energy of Manderly are  just as crucial as the humans in the story.What an incredible job Daphne DuMaurier does in creating her claustrophobic little world.  A world, which in spite of everything is full of glamour and romance.How I long to have tea under the chestnut tree at Manderly on a perfect summer's afternoon!  I think I'll wear my new summer frock with the flowers and that wide floppy hat...I wonder if Frifth will serve.And, of course, Rebecca is simply the most perfect hostess...Aren't the DeWinter's the perfect couple?What lies beneath the surface of Manderly?  Read Rebecca and find out."
"Rebecca by Daphne DuMaurier was one of the best books I ever read.  The authors's language beatifully protrays the life of a young woman who marries a widower trying to start over.  Unfortunately, the young lady must fight the memory of Rebecca, her husband's late wife, to win him back.  But there are many secrets at the Manderley estate, and some, which do not want to be discovered."
"Rebecca is an intense, mystery that will keep you guessing what's next? There are many twists and turns in this book that are very unexpected. When I started reading this book I couldn't put it down! All I wanted to know was what's next? I find it very enjoyable and if your into mysteries I'm sure you would too. It's not only a mystery but it's also a love story, about tragic events that happen during these couples first years of marriage. I advise everyone who reads it to pick up this book and read it because I know it won't be dissapointing at all."
"Daphne du Maurier's love story is a story about love, yes, but it is also a testament to her love for Cornwall.  The moors , beaches and woods in this beautiful part of the world are described and portrayed as only by one who has lived and loved in this part of the world can.  The story is about a house as well as people.  The mysterious house of Manderley with all its secrets is the setting of this novel.  Ms. du Maurier actually based her Manderley on an actual house found in Cornwall called Menabilly.  The story is about a well-bred, but penniless young woman who makes a brilliant marriage to Max de Winter.  All seems to be wonderful for her, but then it becomes sad and quite menacing to Rebecca because her Max seems to be ruled by another woman, and that woman is not alive, so it's very difficult for her to compete.  The novel is a haunting and lovely story about the sadness that this young woman encounters during her married life and what she did about it.  A true Gothic treasure."
"On the shores of Monte Carlo, Du Maurier's nameless heroine falls in love with and marries the fabulously wealthy Maxim de Winter within the space of a few days.  Maxim, a widower, takes his new bride back to his home, Manderly.  Once at Manderly, the new Mrs. De Winter falls into a sinister web of mystery that begins and ends with Maxim's dead wife, the lovely Rebecca. Though dead for over a year, Rebecca still mantains a strong prescence over the entire household and over Maxim himself.  The heroine finds herself doubting if her husband even loves her but only married her for companionship for none can replace his beloved, Rebecca.  Rebecca's rooms are as they were the last night of her life.  Her servant, Mrs. Danvers, is still loyal and runs the house exactly as Rebecca wished."
"Daphne du Maurier's Rebecca is narrated by a timid young lady, barely an adult, who is left alone in the world after the death of her parents.  Through fortuitous circumstances she meets Maxim de Winter, a wealthy widower and master of Manderley, a grand country house on England's coast.  When this young lady - we never learn her name - enters de Winter's world, she is inevitably compared to Rebecca, de Winter's former wife.  These comparisons, and the social demands placed on her in de Winter's world, accentuate her natural anxiety to the point that she begins to consider suicide.  At the same time, a maritime accident reveals much about de Winter, Rebecca, and Manderley itself.This novel explores some popular themes, like the troubles of fabulously wealthy people.  But popularity does not in this case imply mediocrity.  Du Maurier has created some wonderful characters, including the nameless protagonist, who is surely the heroine of shy people everywhere.  She also offers some pretty good plot surprises.  Finally, and very importantly for me, she offers some nice scenes of English domesticity (shaking off the water after a walk in the rain, reading the papers in front of the fire, having tea in the library, and so on).  Rebecca might be summer reading, but it is good summer reading."
"When is a romance novel not a romance novel?When it's a gothic suspense thriller fairy tale romance novel, such as Daphne duMaurier's Rebecca (Victor Gollancz, 1938, republished by Avon in 1971). The book's staying power can perhaps be best explained because it combines all the trashy, page-turning suspense of modern writers like Stephen King and John Grisham without the pedestrian prose that make King or Grisham such an insult to the intellect. Rebecca is well-crafted without requiring the same kind of concentration as a modern reader would employ when tackling the heightened language of older classics and it's fun without resorting to the formulaic styles of today's mass market paperbacks.The story is the first-person account of an awkward young maid who, while assisting her mistress on a vacation in Monte Carlo, falls in love with the dashing widower, Maxim DeWinter. Maxim marries her and whisks her off to his Cornish estate of Manderley, where the memory of his first wife, Rebecca, looms larger than life. While the shy narrator tries to fill the shoes of her sophisticated predecessor, Rebecca's presence haunts the foreboding mansion until the new, younger Mrs. DeWinter can find out exactly what became of Rebecca.For obvious reasons, Rebecca is considered an imitation of Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre - a haunting mansion with its own name ruled by a mysterious master with dark secrets about his first wife. But, stylistically, the two are very different. The poor little anonymous narrator of Rebecca lacks the strength and conviction of Jane Eyre's titular heroine. DuMaurier's is a darker novel than Bronte's and her protagonist's final victory is dubious, at best. While both novels have gothic elements, Jane Eyre strives for realism; Rebecca is a sinister fairy tale, with its melodrama and stilted, exaggerated characters. And, of course, Jane Eyre is Victorian.DuMaurier herself was shocked at Rebecca's popularity, saying she had written the novel merely as a study in human jealousy. But her readership saw it differently. First dramatized for radio by Orson Wells shortly after publication, then adapted for film by Alfred Hitchcock in 1940, Rebecca remains duMaurier's best-known and best-loved work, trumping even her 1952 short story, The Birds, which was also made into a Hitchcock film and is more often associated with him than with its original author.What duMaurier didn't acknowledge is that this rags-to-riches Cinderella story may contain its own Oedipal influences. DuMaurier was born in London in 1907 to actor-manager Gerald duMaurier, the son of artist and writer, George duMaurier. Her mother a sophisticated socialite, the young Daphne was closer to her father and followed in the artistic footsteps of the paternal side of her family. In 1943, she married Major General Sir Frederick Browning, who had lost his beautiful and worldly fiancé in an unusual accident. The constant sense of competition between the narrator and Rebecca may reflect duMaurier's own feelings of inadequacy in loving men whose hearts were already given to women far above her.Beginning with her first novel, The Loving Spirit, published in 1928, duMaurier's work reflects her passion for Cornwall. Manderley is based on Milton, near Peterbrough where duMaurier visited as a girl, and Menabilly in Cornwall, where she eventually settled with her husband and raised three children. When Hitchcock filmed Rebecca, starring Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine, du Maurier's only complaint was that he changed the setting to America, cutting out entirely her beloved Cornwall.In 1969, duMaurier was made dame for literary achievement, credited with writing the first gothic romance of the 20th century. She died on April 19, 1987. Two sequels were later published with the blessing of the duMaurier estate - Mrs. DeWinter, written by Susan Hill and published in 1993 by William Morrow and Company and Rebecca's Tale, written by Sally Beauman and published in 2001 by Little Brown.So what makes Rebecca a romance? This is not a tale of passionate embraces or the love at first sight of destined paramours. The emotions that are heightened are those of jealousy, inadequacy, and self-doubt. The narrator appeals to the gauche, insecure little girl in all of us who is given to flights of wild fancy and fears of improbable disaster. That we never know her Christian name underscores her subordination to Rebecca, whose name dominates the cover of the book as well as every corner of Manderley. It gives the sense that the narrator's life did not begin until her arrival at Manderley, at which time she gained the name of Mrs. DeWinter, albeit the second, of course. It also gives the reader a sense of intimacy with the narrator, as if, perhaps, we are a dear friend for whom repeating her own name would be redundant and unnecessary.But if it's not clearly a romance, it is thoroughly modern. Rebecca has no truly moral characters in spite of its melodrama. All its heroes are deeply flawed and face ethically ambiguous dilemmas. Its villains, if viewed in the proper light, may be sympathetic and we're given a chance to identify with the baddies. Nor is the ending clean and neat. From its opening line - one of the more well-known in modern literature - ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again"", the narrator tells us that she is writing from a place of relative peace, but still running from what happened to her as a naive young bride. When the final revelation comes, 300 pages later, it's uncertain how the narrator will respond and, in fact, her response seems incongruous with the rest of her character (arguably the novel's only flaw). However, like the narrator, Manderley is a place readers will dream of returning to again and again."
"The first part was terrible, a love story without love. It was boring. The shadow of Rebecca was spoiling the love stroy.I only give a star for the first part, but four of five stars for the second part. It's that way, which is boring, but why is it that way, that was interesting. Rebecca's death, the inquiry and Mr Favell's bad character were like a crime novel. The end was crazy. Manderly burns down, the great love of Maxim de Winter was always Manderly and now he has only Mrs de Winter (without a first name) and their relation of mistrust."
"At the beginning of the book, after I had read a few pages, I was not very convinced about the novel! I found it very boring and also not very well written. Also the cover and the title were not very exciting either. When I continued to read I must say the story took another direction than I had expected and I was interested in how it would go on. A detail which I very much like in the story is that the narrator never tells her own name.Now as I have finished reading the novel I can say that I have also read better novels, but also some which were not so good. It's a very special book and a really curious story. But I think the readers have a good chance to feel as if they were in the roles of the characters. Sometimes I didn't agree with them but I could also follow their actions. I was surprised about the end, because I had never thought that it would end like that.I would recommend the novel to other people, but on the whole it's not a book for anyone who just wants to read a novel for pleasure because he has to think about what he's reading to see the strange motivation of the characters to sympathise with them and to understand the signs which the writer gives you! Then it's a good choice and it's worth taking the time to read! It's a really curious, exciting, poetic and sometimes a little bit cruel story!"
"I found this book interesting. At the beginning, I thought it was very boring, becaus on the first few pages nothing interesting happens. After reading on, the real story begins, and then it is quite interesting. I think it is a very special story, because it is independent of time. This story could happen today, tomorrow or could have happened forty years ago.Everyone who loves a mixture between crime and love story should read this novel.The story is not very difficult to understand."
"I found the story very slow and boring (at least at the beginning,fortunately the end is a slightly better, else it would be very boring) is , the characters sometimes seemed to do simply nothing. The actions of the people are often not or only heavily comprehensibly, for example Mrs. de Winter. Why does she stay with Maxim after she found out his dark secret? In the movie it is more understandable. But I think the movie is much better than the book."
"Rebecca was one of the worst book I've ever read. It was very boring and not very special for me. It may be good a book for readers who like romance and mysterious stories, but for those who like tension and action it's not the right one and not my taste. Sorry!!!"
"The book Febecca is the story about a young woman that falls in love with a rich man called Maxim de Winter, who owns Manderley, a great, luxurious house in Cornwall. They live together in Manderley, but Maxim's first wife, Rebecca, cast her shadow on that house. Rebecca died some time ago, and nobody knows exactly why. The drama increases with a lot of problematic monents and talks until the moment when Maxim tells his wife his horrible secret. The book is worth reading but I think there are better books and stories, and anyway it isn't the kind of book I like reading."
"I enjoyed reading this book. There are a lot of emotions in it.Daphne du Maurier has written a good novel! Especially the relation between Maxim and his wife is psychologically very interesting.However I gave only three stars, because although the story is interesting and as I wrote already filled with emotions  the end didn't satisfy me totally! Manderley burns down - very suddenly and quickly and then everything is over. That was definitely a fast ending. Too fast for me. There I expected more."
"I'm afraid I simply can't quite understand why this book has the reputation it does; it struck me as being little more than a pale imitation of Charlotte Bronte's ""Jane Eyre.""  Both have oppressed, rather nervous women as their main characters; in both novels this woman meets an older, wealthy man who owns a mansion, and has a dangerous former wife lurking in the shadows; in both novels the mansion is burnt down . . .  But whereas Jane Eyre is a true heroine, a woman of moral courage and conviction, the protagonist of Rebecca is spineless and frightened from beginning to end.  Both she and her husband are defined repeatedly throughout the book as being deeply conventional, and horrified at anything that would appear to make them otherwise.  Seen in this light, it is Rebecca who has the strongest claim as being the heroine of the story:  Rebecca has spirit; Rebecca is deeply, profoundly rebellious against all conventionality and, in her disdain of men and their love, against the patriarchal standards of her time as well.  She emerges, to my mind at least, as a tragic character, in the classic sense:  one who rebels against her human station, and pays the price.  I'm not saying that I don't understand the appeal of ""Rebecca""; most of us have a certain love of conventionality and find comfort in it; it can even be argued that conventionality is necessary to some degree to create a stable society.  It's an interesting enough theme--just not, to my mind, well handled in this particular novel.  My only satisfaction is in the knowledge that Mr and Mrs de Winter are left at the story's end (as described early on in the novel) as leading such extremely dull and frightened lives that reading the sport's column of the newspaper constitutes the highlight of their days.  Bear this in mind when you consider du Maurier's novel:  is this really what you would call a happy ending?  Rebecca does indeed exact payment of her own.  If you want to read a truly first-rate accounting of these characters, why not turn to the masterful and far more thought-provoking original model, ""Jane Eyre""?  And then, for good measure, give Jean Rhys ""Wide Sargasso Sea"" a try.  These two books both deal with similar themes as ""Rebecca,"" are quite as entertaining, and much more challenging to the discerning reader."
"Rebecca is one of the BEST books I have ever read.  When I read this book I got SO involved, it was like I was apart of the book in a way.  Once you start reading it you can never put the book down.  There is not one boring part in the book, it just keeps getting better and better.  After reading Rebecca I highly reccomend reading the sequal from Susan Hill ""Mrs. De Winter"", that book was great also, it tells you how the late Mrs. De Winter and Mr. De Winter end up and what happens and also a chilling ending just like ""Rebecca"". I guarentee you will enjoy these two books."
"This book was great.  I have read so many mediocre books lately that I was beginning to think about giving up reading and doing something else with my time.  This book, however, helped me remember why I like to read.The book ""Rebecca"" not only has a riveting story that keeps you wondering and thinking between each reading, but it is also written perfectly, in my opinion.  Daphne Du Maurier definitely knows the English language and how to put sentences and paragraphs together that flow and develop the story and characters.  She seems to choose the perfect words and best writing style to build to the right atmosphere for every situation in the book.  There were times when I was reading that I forgot I was reading and felt as if I was actually in the story observing what was going on.This book is going on my ""best books I have ever read"" list."
"The fact that we never find out (or I never noticed) the protagonist's first name bothered me slightly, but the book is so good that I was able to get over that. This book is wonderful . . . if you're going to read something labeled a classic, pick up Rebecca."
it was an interesting book. not the best i've read
"This is one of the best books I have ever read. I found it a little hard to get into, but once I did, I loved it. It's full of mystery and romance. I couldn't put it down!"
"While I am not typically a fan of the ""gothic"" novel, I have wanted to read this modern classic for years to see if it would live up to the hype. I was pleasantly surprized to find that ""Rebecca"" is indeed worthy of the praise it has received over the years. I won't re-hash the plot, (naive young woman marries widower, goes to live at his creepy estate where the memory of his former wife Rebecca is everywhere). Suffice to say this novel has great suspense, a superb sense of foreboding, and enough plot twists to keep you hooked. As other reviewers have stated, it was a particularly brilliant detail to keep our heroine unnamed, it allowed the lingering memory of Rebecca to pervade this novel just as she infiltrated each of it's characters. Rebecca does not disappoint, highly recommended."
"Rebecca is one of my favorite suspense novels of all time. My older sister brought Rebecca home to read and couldn't put it down. I latched onto it when she was finished and I couldn't put it down, either. That was about 35 years ago! It's interesting how timeless this story is. I have read this book countless times through the years and as I've matured, I've gained deeper insight into the various characters' feelings and motives making it new all over again. I love the way Ms. Du Maurier weaves the fascinating tale of a vulnerable young woman filled with low self exteem and her evolution from victim to victorious in the midst of an environment filled with lies, deceit, treachery and malice. It's a powerfully good read."
"When I found this book at a local book-shop, I had not expected the brilliance inside the poetic pages.  Decieving plots and characters littered the many words that deprived the reader of sense with the beauty of the novel.The nameless narrator arrives at Manderly, with a brief and secretive husband, Maxim de Winter.  Yet the narrater, so shy and naive, feels out of place at the enchanted home, empty now and odd as the late Mrs. de Winter, Rebecca, had already left her mark of impressiojn upon everyone ever setting foot in Manderly.  The servant of Rebecca, potently loyal Mrs. Danvers, is the main nemisis.  Using her and many of the other servants, Daphne du Maurier creats a stunning picture of Rebecca just from the emotions shown of these people, though Rebecca has beern dead through the book.After strange and cruel unwelcomings, the naiuve narrater finds herself prior to the deciete of Mrs. Danvers and the evil yet devoted Mr. Favell, cousin of Rebecca.  When a random yet plotted string of events takes place that hurts the narrater to the core.  Yet further breaking points in Maxim and Mrs. Danvers releasing important clues that bring Maxim closer to the narrater and building confidence against Mrs. Danvers.  As her confidence grows stronger and love more profound, she discovers something that will change her life forevert--as the secrets of Rebecca unravel...This book is slow in the beginning, but patient readers will find that the book is brilliantly written andpersonally, almost creepy.  Myself, you will find that every spare moment not withthe book, you will be thiking of Rebecca..."
"When I found this book at a local book-shop, I had not expected the brilliance inside the poetic pages.  Decieving plots and characters littered the many words that deprived the reader of sense with the beauty of the novel.The nameless narrator arrives at Manderly, with a brief and secretive husband, Maxim de Winter.  Yet the narrater, so shy and naive, feels out of place at the enchanted home, empty now and odd as the late Mrs. de Winter, Rebecca, had already left her mark of impressiojn upon everyone ever setting foot in Manderly.The servant of Rebecca, potently loyal Mrs. Danvers, is the main nemisis.  Using her and many of the other servants, Daphne du Maurier creats a stunning picture of Rebecca just from the emotions shown of these people, though Rebecca has beern dead through the book.After strange and cruel unwelcomings, the naiuve narrater finds herself prior to the deciete of Mrs. Danvers and the evil yet devoted Mr. Favell, cousin of Rebecca.  When a random yet plotted string of events takes place that hurts the narrater to the core.  Yet further breaking points in Maxim and Mrs. Danvers releasing important clues that bring Maxim closer to the narrater and building confidence against Mrs. Danvers.As her confidence grows stronger and love more profound, she discovers something that will change her life forevert--as th secrets of Rebecca unravel...This book is slow in the beginning, but patient readers will find that the book is brilliantly written andpersonally, almost creepy.  Myself, you will find that every spare moment not withthe book, you will be thiking of Rebecca..."
"This is a novel of mystery as well as intrigue.  It is exceptionally written and an alluring read.  The narrator, young and naive sets out to a new life she could only dream of.  She is recently married to the rich and secretive Maxim de Winter, who owns the Manderly mansion. His former life plagues her and reveals horrific details of Maxim's past. Rebecca, Maxim's late wife, whose shadow the narrator walks in, becomes the one person who can shatter her newly found happiness.  Rebecca's death still holds mystery but the truth has its ways of being known.  I thought the book to be thrilling and compelling, keeping you at the edge of your seat with each turn of the page.  The language is very descriptive and almost poetic.  Each character, setting and element significant to the novel is vividly portrayed through her eloquent writings.  This novel truly is a joy to read due to the puzzling plot which keeps the reader guessing right up to the very end."
"Rebecca was an amazing novel!! From the nameless herione to mysterious Maxim De Winter and Manderlay to the book's namesake, Rebecca.  Du Marier's book was amazing, and I highly suggest it to anyone.  It will take you on a rollar coaster of amazing intervowen plots and shocking secrets.  Go buy Rebecca today!"
"After knowing Maxim de Winter for only a few weeks, the narrator marries him and is taken back to his estate Manderley on the coast of England.  However, upon arrival things do not go as the new Mrs. de Winter planned because the memory of Rebecca, Maxim's first wife, continually haunts her.  Rebecca's belongings remain untouched, the servant Mrs. Danvers continually comments on how beautiful and amazing Rebecca was, and the narrator begins to feel she will never live up to the seemingly flawless ways Rebecca ran Manderley.  As the narrator begins to wonder if even Maxim loved Rebecca more than herself, she prepares for a ball and is unknowingly convinced by the sly Mrs. Danvers to wear the same ball gown Rebecca wore the year before.  Just as the new Mrs. de Winter is about to give up hope, the story of the seemingly perfect Rebecca begins to unfold, and the secrets of Rebecca's death are revealed.  Daphne du Maurier is a hauntingly beautiful writer with sinister and gothic undertones.  She immediately draws readers into the stormy world of Manderley and leaves them with unexpected psychological twists, throwing traditional definitions of good and evil to the wind."
"I picked this up because several people have recently told me that it's their favorite book...and after reading it, I frankly can't imagine why.  Very little actually happens for the first three-quarters of the novel...it's all mood, which the events of the story simply don't justify.  It's all in the narrator's head, just her own endless, causelessly fearful flights of fancy, which makes her very difficult to like, or even sympathize with.  When the plot does pick up in the last quarter of the novel, it becomes absurd.*SPOILER ALERT*""Oh, by the way, dear, I actually murdered my first wife.""  ""Oh, well that's a relief!""  ""The shameless hussy told me she got herself knocked up by another man, so I shot her.""  ""Oh, I don't mind your reasons, I'm just glad you hated her!""  ""Unfortunately, it looks like my crime may be exposed after all.""  ""Let me help you cover it up, darling!""  Suddenly, she is no longer her old useless self...and the ostensible reasons for this don't make any sense, even on the novel's own terms.  Oh, and Mrs. Danvers has got to be one of the lamest beloved villains in all of literature...why the hell didn't they just give her the sack several times over?The whole thing was rather boring, absurd, and pointless.  Apart from the plot and character inconsistencies, it is decently written, and it is quite effective in places---but it isn't remotely in the same league as gothic novels like Jayne Eyre or the sensation novels of Wilkie Collins in whose tradition it is often placed.Two and a half stars."
"I picked this up because several people have recently told me that it's their favorite book...and after reading it, I frankly can't imagine why.  Very little actually happens for the first three-quarters of the novel...it's all mood, which the events of the story simply don't justify.  It's all in the narrator's head, just her own endless, causelessly fearful flights of fancy, which makes her very difficult to like, or even sympathize with.  When the plot does pick up in the last quarter of the novel, it becomes absurd.*SPOILER ALERT*""Oh, by the way, dear, I actually murdered my first wife.""  ""Oh, well that's a relief!""  ""The shameless hussy told me she got herself knocked up by another man, so I shot her.""  ""Oh, I don't mind your reasons, I'm just glad you hated her!""  ""Unfortunately, it looks like my crime may be exposed after all.""  ""Let me help you cover it up, darling!""  Suddenly, she is no longer her old useless self...and the ostensible reasons for this don't make any sense, even on the novel's own terms.  Oh, and Mrs. Danvers has got to be one of the lamest beloved villains in all of literature...why the hell didn't they just give her the sack several times over?The whole thing was rather boring, absurd, and pointless.  Apart from the plot and character inconsistencies, it is decently written, and it is quite effective in places---but it isn't remotely in the same league as gothic novels like Jayne Eyre or the sensation novels of Wilkie Collins in whose tradition it is often placed.Two and a half stars."
"I picked this up because several people have recently told me that it's their favorite book...and after reading it, I frankly can't imagine why.  Very little actually happens for the first three-quarters of the novel...it's all mood, which the events of the story simply don't justify.  It's all in the narrator's head, just her own endless, causelessly fearful flights of fancy, which makes her very difficult to like, or even sympathize with.  When the plot does pick up in the last quarter of the novel, it becomes absurd.*SPOILER ALERT*""Oh, by the way, dear, I actually murdered my first wife.""  ""Oh, well that's a relief!""  ""The shameless hussy told me she got herself knocked up by another man, so I shot her.""  ""Oh, I don't mind your reasons, I'm just glad you hated her!""  ""Unfortunately, it looks like my crime may be exposed after all.""  ""Let me help you cover it up, darling!""  Suddenly, she is no longer her old useless self...and the ostensible reasons for this don't make any sense, even on the novel's own terms.  Oh, and Mrs. Danvers has got to be one of the lamest beloved villains in all of literature...why the hell didn't they just give her the sack several times over?The whole thing was rather boring, absurd, and pointless.  Apart from the plot and character inconsistencies, it is decently written, and it is quite effective in places---but it isn't remotely in the same league as gothic novels like Jayne Eyre or the sensation novels of Wilkie Collins in whose tradition it is often placed.Two and a half stars."
Beware that the ISBN may be the same but the cover art is very different and this bargain edition has remainder marks on bottom edge
"Daphne du Maurier walks the tightrope between popular fiction and literature, between the 19th and 20th centuries, and comes out on top in ""Rebecca.""\Shy, intelligent, sensitive orphan girl working unhappily as a servant meets and marries a fabulously wealthy older man and moves to his windswept English country estate where something sinister lurks . . . sounds like something you've read before, doesn't it? The joy of ""Rebecca"" lies not in the tale (though it has its surprises) but in the telling. The best way I can describe it is as a symphony of words, starting dissonant, then softening, then gradually building to a driving crescendo and an explosive ending.Readers who demand incessant page-turning action will find Rebecca to be slow going, especially in the beginning--really, that many paragraphs about a driveway? More patient readers will luxuriate in DuMaurier's painterly descriptions that reflect her love of English country life and carefully reveal plot and character. Mrs. Danvers, one of fiction's great villains, will send chills down your spine as she plagues the nameless narrator known only as ""the second Mrs. de Winter.""""Rebecca"" is one of those books where if you don't like it, you don't like it, but if you do, it's bound to become a favorite you will read again and again."
"Very dissappointed!  I wanted a nice edition as a gift and this arrived with cheap newsprint-type paper, narrow page margins and blurry ink.  The binding was just as bad, feeling like thin cardboard.  A story of this calibre belongs on a bookshelf with a good binding to withstand many readings.  Returned to Amazon with no hassle whatsoever."
"Rebecca was required reading for me in either junior high or high school. I honestly cannot remember.  It started out very slow and was hard to get in to because some of the writing does drag on, but it eventually pulls you in.  I remember being so surprised by the ending.  I re-read the book several years later and found just as good as the first time.  This will always be one of my favorite classics."
"Monday, 7 November 2011I first read this book in 1980, and liked it then .I have read it  now after31 years , and rate it as a true Classic .Daphne Du Maurier  got it published in 1938 , when she was 31 years old .She tore up the initial fifteen thousand -word long draft, and wrote it a second time.The most striking feature of the novel is its suspense and mystery , which Du Maurier has been able to maintain till the very end. Rebecca is the first wife of Maxim  De Winter , and is dead.Her story is revealed through the second wife of Maxim, who does not reveal her  own name in the book .No doubt , Rebecca is the real heroine.She is a powerful character.Even though dead , she lives through her house-keeper Mrs Danvers, who adores Rebecca and is fiercely loyal to her, even after Rebecca's death .So much so that when she learns about the real cause of death , she sets the beautiful mansion  called Manderley on fire and completely destroys it .Rebecca was a complex personality. She was beautiful and magnetic.She had beauty , brains and breeding .But the marriage of Maxim and Rebecca was a failure , right from the start .She had a number of male friends and ""lovers"" in London and even around Manderley.She was not in love with anyone .Love-making was a game with her, as Mrs Danvers would later reveal .But she suffered from  Cancer too , and this secret she had kept even from her most loyal house-keeper also .Probably , before her death , she had only three or four more months to live .Maxim's marriage with the narrator of the novel , who is young and nearly half his age, takes place , on the proposal of Maxim , one year after the death of Rebecca.Though he says he loves her , it is doubtful, as reflected by his conduct .Perhaps he needed a companion.She , on the other hand , loves him , and is ready to  blindly support him , even when she finds him involved in murder.She is timid , under-confident and over awed by the shadow of Rebecca , in the beginning , but slowly and steadily , overcomes all her fears and becomes confident .The mystery whether the death of Rebecca would be proved murder or suicide , remains till the very end .The book is very subversive about the idea of love .Neither Rebecca , nor Maxim seem to care for love .The burden of love is carried by the nameless, poor  , timid , narrator , the second wife of Maxim de Winter.The book has poetry and imagery , mystery and suspense , and much more qualities that makes it truly classic . The book needs to be read , re-read , and re-examined by everyone."
"Many negative reviews have already been written about this book.  I chose to ignore them and read the book anyways.  Hmm...My verdict (which was swift from the beginning but kept getting delayed because I want to give the book full justice) is that I wished I never picked up this book.  The author did an excellent job of keeping up the sense of foreboding dread.  If you like that kind of a book, then it would be good for you.  If there is enough tension, heartache, and doom in your life, don't pick up this book.  The author doesn't give us any relief.I am a reader of classics and have foresworn against Harlequin novels since I was in high school.  This author does an excellent job of describing Manderly (the mansion and its property) and of leading the reader to spin in the mind of the nameless narrator (2nd wife of Mr. Maxim DeWinter).  Otherwise there is no plot, and nearly no movement.  Just plenty of character description without any character development.  Even the first person narrator didn't really undergo character development.I understand that many people will still choose to read this book based on the 5 star reviews.  Believe me, there are way better classics to read than this."
"I always put off reading this story because I thought it was a romance. Granted, I based this solely off the book cover, so imagine my delight as I got older and heard that it was instead, decidedly Gothic and creepy.The entire story is told through a flashback of events that occurred when the unnamed narrator is a hired companion for Mrs. Van Hopper, a gossipy brute of a woman. While traveling through Monte Carlo, they meet Maxim de Winter, whose story is one that Mrs. Van Hopper willingly offers up. Maxim's recent loss of his first wife Rebecca is a sad fate, and as the young narrator spends more time with him, they decide within only a few weeks that they will get married and move to his estate, entitled Manderley.But upon arriving to Maxim's estate, it becomes quite a different experience than she anticipated. The mansion is huge, with a full staff to keep up the house and grounds, and the ever-present ghost of the beautiful, social, and popular Rebecca is behind everything that is desirable about Manderley, and even the parties she's hosted are still talked about. But not only is she a part of Manderley's past, she is very much a part of a creepy and sinister presence about the house. Rebecca is everywhere that the new bride finds herself in - from the beautiful landscape of the grounds, the cove where Rebecca lost her life, the little cottage down by the sea that she used to rest in after she would go sailing. Rebecca is everywhere, and the new Mrs. De Winter, meek, quiet, and shy, cannot keep up. Even the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers is cold and intimidating, harboring secrets that make the new bride fearful. She knows she is being compared by the housekeeper, the visitors to the house on their social calls, and she can't quite help feeling like even Maxim is doing the same, ultimately wondering if he is contemplating if he made the right choice to marry her.I loved this story. I've read Du Maurier's short stories last year and enjoyed them, but this struck me much more than anything else and was much, much creepier. It is beautiful and dark and perfect for autumn. I absolutely recommend this story"
This was literally the best book I have ever read. The characters were extremely well developed and the book takes you through a journey of a woman learning her place in the world and a man learning to trust agian. A truly remarkable depiction of people as they were and are.
"I recently purchased this edition to give to a friend as a gift, and I was pleased to see that it had some nice extras, like du Maurier's early notes for the book.  I would definitely recommend this edition over the Avon edition, in part because I noticed that the Avon edition lists du Maurier as the author of that horrid sequel attempt, which was actually excreted by Susan Hill.  There's no telling what to expect from a publisher capable of such a mistake.As for the novel itself, my original glowing review still stands.  This story will never lose its appeal for me."
"When I first got the book (very recently) I didn't expect much to it. I mean the sad reason I got it was because ""REBECCA"" was my name, and I've always wanted to read a book all about ""ME"". But the moment I set my reading bud to work I absolutly fell in love with it. To give a brief describtion of the book is impossible. And I mean it when I say that. It is filled with such suspense and mystery that you have to read it yourself in order to find out. After reading the book (in just 2 days) I hated myself to death for finishing it. It leaves so puzzled and sad, I had to cry myself to sleep that night(which probably won't happen to you because I'm in a very emotional stage of my life). But if you really don't want your heart to break I suggest you to be very prepared, which I was not unfortunately. I would suggest this to anyone because after reading it, it gives you an very needed slap into reality."
"I recently read this book for a book discussion group. Although it was wordy at times, I enjoyed it. I went on to read ""My Cousin Rachel"" by the same author, which is even better!"
"And you thought you had problems. Our never-named narrator marries a millionaire twice her age, and moves back to her husband's estate, Manderley, on the coast of Cornwall, England. Soon her husband's now dead first wife, Rebecca, whose body was never discovered, begins to invisibly invade the newlyweds. If that's not enough, add Mrs. Danvers, the all-seeing housekeeper who yearns to have the original first lady of the house back in charge, and a mysterious man who surprises our narrator at every turn and you've got what you paid for: A terrific page-turning mystery. Rebecca is du Maurier at her very best, which is why, 60 years after its first publication, Rebecca continues to deliver mystery and intrigue to her readers and why annually thousands visit Cornwall, in search of Manderley. You'll read this book more than once and each time you do, you'll appreciate the evocative and intriguing way du Maurier lures you into Manderley's mysterious world."
"I read this book as a British literature project for school.  I read it in two days, since it was so hard to put down!  This book makes you really connect with the main character, whom the author kept nameless in a stroke of genius.  I could feel the anguish and pain of the main character as she tried to fill in Rebecca's place in the manor.  I could almost see parts of myself in the main character, she was so realistic.  We've all had doubts that we could fill in the shoes of someone without messing it up.  Plus, Rebecca was so seemingly perfect in every way.  A must-read, very captivating and realistic."
"***** awsome book!  I totally enjoyed it, couldn't put it down. I wish I could visit Manderley..had to buy Rebecca's tale as soon as I finished Rebecca. Maxim De Winter was waaay to good for Rebecca anyway!! Daphne Du Maurier is an excellant story teller..I am gonna read this one again someday Im sure.."
"I had to read this novel over my Thanksgiving week of 01' (I was behind, didn't start the book so I had to read 50 pages a day, wasting 2 hours :) At first I thought this is going to be one of those boring books like all books you have to read in English class. I started reading, boy, I couldn't believe how good this book was. Ms. Du Maurier always ends the chapter with maybe an ironic scene, which makes you push yourself to read what's going to happen next. Even though it's 380 pages long, it's a great book. I recommend you to read it."
that was one of the best books that i have ever read.
"This book was terrific! I have never read a romance/mystery novel before and I loved it! The book was full of suspense and romance. The book almost resembled a scary movie in the sense that you think you know who the killer is until the very end when you are mystified by a plot twist. I could not put this book down, maybe it was because at times I felt as though I were standing in the room watching the main character or because I was so determined to find out what happened to Rebecca. I highly recommend reading this book! You'll want to read the sequel!"
This book is very slow in the beginning but the more you read the more you are attached and want to find our more of the secrets of Manderly the ending is very unexpected. A great book for an English class.
"I really enjoyed reading this book,  it really held my interest.  I would give it more stars if I could."
"As an inspirational romance author, I found Rebecca to be intense and gripping.  Daphne DuMaurier did a wonderful job of capturing the flavor of the era.  Her characters were real, even the dead Rebecca, the first Mrs. De Winter, invokes her evil through her loyal servant Ms. Danvers.  And, when the innocent second Mrs. De Winter enters the scene, she discover Manderley is not a fairy tale land as Mrs. Van Hopper described, but a breathing, seething, bleeding house with many secrets, buried and alive.  Life will never be the same for the innocent Mrs. De Winter as she discovers, learns and fights for her own destiny.  I couldn't put this book down.  And, now I'm reading it's sequel, ""Mrs. De Winter"" by Susan Hill, and so far, I'm not disappointed.  If you're in for a cozy thriller with plenty of twists and turns, then this is the book for you.  Good reading, and I bid you good dreams.  By Kelly R. Stevens, author of ""Ragdoll, Song of the Cimarron,"" and ""One With the Wind."""
"Wonderful English writing.  The best novel I have read in a very long time.  I couldn't love the characters but I did very much love the novel.  It is a good mystery/romance.  The descriptions of Manderley, a big old English country house were wonderful.  So were the descriptions of the everyday routine of life at Manderley from time in the morning room with correspondence and a review of the planned menu to tea in the library. The author is clearly a class snob and does not speak well to anything she thinks inferior.  The whole idea of the story clearly points up her feeling that there should be special privileges for the aristocracy or near aristocracy.  But it is possible to get around all that because of the story and the descriptions."
"""Last night i dreamt I went to Manderly again..."" and so the story begins. Daphne Du Maurier has woven ""Rebecca"" into one of the most captivating novels I have ever read. From the moment the main character is swept off her feet by an older man, and carried off to his wealthy estate, Manderly, until the last few pages of the novel--Du Maurier keeps the reader in a trance. The characters in her novel are intricate and personable, each with his or her own secret to reveal. There is a surprise around every corner, and a new twist in the plot when you least expect it. In addition to the ingenious story, ""Rebecca"" has captured the most briliant and ironic ending perhaps of all time."
"I must admit, at first I really wanted to discard Rebecca but as I had to read it for school I continued it. After the first few chapters I was so intrigued that I finished it in the one day! All the way through the book I was waiting for something to happen, very much like Mr. De Winter as it just keeps you on the edge. Suspenseful, gripping, mysterious, romantic (kinda) and a classic. A story of 2 people who live in lies, mistrust and dishonesty due to Rebecca until the secrets unfold..."
"I was assigned this book as part of my Sophomore Summer reading list. As with all assigned books, I did not look forward to reading it. But Rebecca surprised me. The charcters were very interesting, the plot was mysterious from the beginning as to why the title is the name of a person dead from the start, and it kept me wanting to know what was next the whole time. The ending was well hidden up to the moment they reveal Rebecca's fate and even had more up the sleeve after that! I do intend to read the sequel and hope it was as good as the last.p.s. Didn't you find the 2nd Mrs.de Winter a bit paranoid? Or maybe she just had a very active imagination, what with all those scenarios she kept thinking up?"
"This book was so well-written.  I had to read it as a summer reading book for school, and I enjoyed it so much.  It has a touch of mystery, and much suspense.I only wish there was a sequel to this beautiful book, I would read it immediately."
"I remember reading this book in the 8th grade for a book report and had no clue what it was about. Needless to say I made up the report. Anyways a few years later I chanced upon it again and read and it made perfect sense. Sense that time Rebecca has been one of my most read and beloved novels. In a story of a young girl raised as the companion of a shrew of a woman she finds love in the most strangest of places, Monte Carlo. Her love is for a man who is old enough to be her father. When he asks her to marry him she says yes and is wisked away to England and the magestic house known as Manderley. However, this dream romance is far from what it seems to be. She must deal with the sinister maid of her husband's deceased wife and her lack of proper breeding that makes her ignorant to the ways of Manderley. Yet behind the face of this young girl's husband is a dark secret that is waiting to be revealed. In a truly interesting tale of murder and love this suspenseful novel will leave you guessing down to the very last page."
"I remember reading this book in the 8th grade for a book report and had no clue what it was about. Needless to say I made up the report. Anyways a few years later I chanced upon it again and read and it made perfect sense. Sense that time Rebecca has been one of my most read and beloved novels. In a story of a young girl raised as the companion of a shrew of a woman she finds love in the most strangest of places, Monte Carlo. Her love is for a man who is old enough to be her father. When he asks her to marry him she says yes and is wisked away to England and the magestic house known as Manderley. However, this dream romance is far from what it seems to be. She must deal with the sinister maid of her husband's deceased wife and her lack of proper breeding that makes her ignorant to the ways of Manderley. Yet behind the face of this young girl's husband is a dark secret that is waiting to be revealed. In a truly interesting tale of murder and love this suspenseful novel will leave you guessing down to the very last page."
"I am in an honors English class at my school, and one of the books we read was Rebecca.  I had previously bought the book, but I didn't read it until it was time for it in class.  It wasn't until the end of the year that we read it, but everyone loved it.  Rebecca is a Gothic romance, but it is extremely good.  I was hooked from the beginning ,""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again,"" being the first line, but it might take the first few chapters to get really into it.  But believe me it's worth it!  I loved this book!  It was my favorite novel, even more than To Kill a Mockingbird, out of all the ones I read in English this year.  Daphne du Maurier did a great job writing this book.  The descriptions are vivid, and the characters are dynamic.  As more of the characters are weaved in the plot line, more secrets are revealed-more secrets of Manderley."
"... Though highly readable, I find the characters to be rather flat, and the plot a tad bit too predictable. It also has a tendency to drift, which gives me the impression that Dame Du Maurier had written this without really knowing where she was heading herself. On top of that, I find this novel to be far from atmospheric or brooding. Rather, the devices employed to create an eerie atmosphere eg Danny's skull-like head etc, seem to me to be rather contrived. Maybe I'm feeling this way because I have heard too much positive feedback prior to my reading, it's easy to be disappointed when the novel falls slightly short of my expectations. But one thing for sure is that this is not the best suspense thrillers I've read. I'll stick with Victoria Holt."
"This suspenseful novel is, by a long shot, Daphne DuMaurier's most popular. The realistic character development, the complex relationships and the thickening plot makes it an enjoyable novel.  As the book goes on, the reader's curiosity for this mystifying character, Rebecca, grows. However, the reader is lead in the wrong direction at first and thus is very surprised at the shocking news that is discovered.  As the book draws to an end you become anxious for the main character. Sympathy is given to Mrs. De Winter and then thrilling information is revealed as all the puzzle pieces fit together.  This novel is surely an incredible experience; I encourage all to read it (if you can stand your heart beating and fast paces)"
"You will like this book IF:  You like well written stories.  You enjoy real, not dippy, suspense.  You adore books with surprise twists.  You hate classics but read voraciously.This book IS a classic, but if all classics were like THIS one, no one would fail high school English anymore.  The word choice is fantastic.  The story evolves with such sophistication, it happens almost without the reader's awareness.  The characters are enthralling, as is the perspective of the heroine, whose mystery is so thorough as to include even her name.You like good books?  Read this one.  'Nuff said."
"A young, naive woman who is the paid companion of an obnoxious rich woman is taken along to Monte Carlo. While she smarts under the rudeness and gauche behavior of her employer, she meets the dark, handsome widower Max de Winter.What follows is a love story and a ghost story of a woman haunted by the powerful presence of the former mistress of Manderley.  We never learn the name of the heroine as she marries Max, moves into the rigid but elegant life at Manderley and tangles with Mrs. Danvers, Manderley's fearsome housekeeper. What unfolds is not only a mystery but a story of obsessions and evil. The end is a shock.Du Maurier created an unforgettable atmosphere of decaying beauty, frightening spirits and horror mixed with love and death. If you haven't read this, I am envious. You get to experience it for the first time."
"This is positively the most overwrought book I have read since ""No Adam in Eden"" by Grace Metalious. I have read some of the author's short stories in the past, but this novel blew me away, with it's bodice-bursting tale of ludicrous passions and dark deeds on the windswept Cornish coast. This book has a great deal of suspense, but if you want to laugh at the heroine's weaknesses, you'll also find plenty of mean-spirited comedy. She crumbles again and again before the hired help, terrified of what they think of her underwear and hiding behind doors when they approach. Bette Davis's character in 'Dead Ringer' never had it so bad, and she deserved it, since she was a murderess. My only complaint is I wanted a more fantastic comeuppance for Mrs. Danvers after being so memorably rotten. What a great gift from Ms. DuMaurier. Read it and your friends will get sick of hearing about it."
"I had to read this book for my English class, and didn't think I would like it because it was written quite some time ago.  I gave myself a few weeks to read it, but wound up finishing it within a week.The book started off a little bit slow, but after the first couple of chapters, it picked up because Mrs. de Winter was reminiscing, which is what the novel is about.  The character development within the book was great.  Each distinct characteristic of Maxim, Mrs. Danvers and Mrs. de Winter formed the novel.  They were all different and contributed to the revelation at the end of the book.  I thought it was great.  The end was a little confusing, but when I reread the first couple of chapters, I understood exactly what happened."
"Rich with tenderness and sympathy for the sensitive heroine, this romantic tale gradually becomes a murder mystery, both haunting and at moments, terrifying.  The unexpected outcome makes way not only for an intriguing surprise, but also for a happier ending than we'd feared we would get to witness.  An excellent novel for the true romantic."
"I have seen this film numerous times and listened to the book on tape.  I love being swept away to a mansion on the side of a rocky sea side cliff.  I loved imagining waking up in the morning and having nothing to do but stroll the grounds and choose menues for the day's meals.A scene that strikes a cord with me is when the girl tells Maxim how she is alone in the world.  Her parents are dead and she has no siblings.  Before I got to that part of the story I wondered just how two people could come together so magnetically then I understood.  They were both alone in the world and really did need each other.Had the story taken place in modern day times the heroine would have been advised to ""get a job.""  Through the story we witness this girl's growth from a young girl into a women.  I agree with the other people who say the ending seems a bit forced and really leaves you wanting more.  For one thing since they are so rich why don't they just build a new home instead of wandering from hotel to hotel?  It makes no sense."
"I'm not sure if my book is missing pages, but the ending didn't seem too complete. The begginning didn't seem to match up with the end.  (could anyone whose read this book send me an email? ashleythewriter@hotmail.com) otherwise, this book is wonderful. The nameless  narrator narrates in such a way that you are shocked, appalled, distressed, happy when she is. It's like you are her, going through the many ups and downs of life at Manderley.(and there are alot). One flaw, I sometimes wondered why the characters did some things. Maxim seemed to have no feelings one day, and tons the next day(referring to narrator). anyway, read this book."
"This is an interesting book in many ways, but what makes it really different to many others is that we never, ever find out the name of our heroine, who narrates the tale, and the Rebecca who gives her name to the title is dead before the story begins.  Thus is the scene set for a fabulously dark and brooding mystery.The characters are wonderful.  We have our nameless heroine, her distant husband Max, whom she loves to distraction, and the malevolent housekeeper Mrs Danvers, who was devoted to Rebecca, the dead but original lady of the house.  And the house itself, beautiful Manderley, with fabulous gardens and deep dark mysteries.It really is a delicious read, good for a stormy night, and despite the tortured relationships and scenarios throughout the story it has a surprising but very satisfying ending.  It is a classic, and deservedly so."
"... by the long descriptions or the romance-novel cover. They say you can't judge a book by its cover, but I did for a looooong time (until I found a gorgeous red hardback with gold embossing). I was also somewhat offput by the peeks at dialogue and descriptions. The first ten pages or so are a bit tough to get through, with lush descriptions of the manor, but then the story picks up pace.The unnamed heroine, the second Mrs. de Winter, is first shown to us as a gawky, freaked young girl who befriends Maxim de Winter while accompanying an American woman around. Maxim marries the young woman quickly, but even before they reach his home at Manderly, she feels the eerie spell of Rebecca, Wife No. 1.Adding to the creepy suspense is grim Mrs. Danvers and the staff of Manderly, who dwell on Rebecca as much as if she were still alive. Mrs. de Winter can't even pet the dog or sit in a chair without thinking how ""this is what Rebecca did...""Du Maurier's skill is shown in the crafting of a dead woman, not even a ghost or apparition, who nevertheless haunts Manderly and everyone in it. The heroine gains a backbone over the course of the novel, while you start to hate Mrs. Danvers more and more...The prose is lush and visual - often it takes up a few paragraphs when it's a particularly pretty place. You will vividly see the trees around Manderly, the yawnworthy hotel at the beginning, the gardens of the house, the rooms, and so on. The descriptions and characterizations are subtle and beautiful, so that you can almost feel Rebecca there as well.A small warning to anyone who might read the mass-market paperback: It may not be worth it. I checked out several copies and the print was tiny and smudgy."
"This book was recommended to me several times before I broke down and read it. I am a lover of classic films, yet this is one that I had never seen, for some unknown reason.  A good friend suggested that I read the book to truly enjoy the story to its fullest. And boy, was she right.Although not my usual genre of choice, this is a true classic. The main character, the 'second Mrs. Dewinter' is a simple girl, swept up in a romance with a rich widower while she is on vacation as companion to a pushy, well to do woman. She leaves her employer to marry Max DeWinter, not anticipating all this union entails for her.She is drawn into the shadow of Rebecca, the first Mrs. DeWinter, and fights to measure up, and to retain her sanity in Max and Rebecca's home, Manderley.Not helping matters at all is Mrs. Danvers, a maid of sorts, who was utterly devoted to Rebecca, and bitterly resents the appearance of this plain, uneducated, unrefined girl trying desperately to fill the void left in the house when Rebecca died suddenly, under mysterious circumstances.The second Mrs. DeWinter, never referred to by name, finds herself fighting to find her own place at Manderley, and in Max's heart, as well as seeking the approval of Mrs. Danvers and the other household servants, and Rebecca's friends and relatives, as she slowly comes to the realization that not all was as it seemed with Max and Rebecca, and the grounds of Manderley are the burial place of many secrets, perhaps better left undisturbed.This is a wonderful story, full of colorful and engaging characters, and one of the best of the more 'modern' classics in 1900's literature."
I first read this book in the seventh grade and since then it has been a favorite of mine. I have read it several times since then and each time I have grown fonder of it. I found it quite easy to read and understand and love. I think everyone should read this
"My Cousin Rachel, in my opinion, is DuMaurier's finest work.  Rebecca, again in my opinion, is her second best.  I drank in every word; I couldn't put the book down.  The incredibly spooky housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, who hated Rebecca, made my skin crawl.  It was Mrs. DeWinters this and Mrs. DeWinters that; she never let Rebecca forget that, so far as Mrs. Danvers was concerned, the first Mrs. DeWinters was still a presence in that house and always would be.  The most dramatic moment in the book, for me, was when the meek Rebecca, for the first time, finally stood up to Mrs. Danvers, looked her straight in the eye, and said, emphatically, ""I am Mrs. DeWinters now!""  I saw the movie before I read the book.  It was surprisingly true to the book, and I thought Joan Fontaine and Lawrence Olivier were perfectly cast in the leading roles.  I cannot recall the name of the actress who portrayed Mrs. Danvers, but she was superb!  Actually, I would have liked to have given Rebecca 4 1/2 stars, but there is no accommodation for halves in the ""How do you rate this book"" box."
I have to read this book for high school and i wuz just wondering if anyone can help me with reading it. In the reviews some people really like it and some hate it.....
"This book is a wonderful piece of literature, but it's NOT a romance novel. Du Maurier never intended it to be read is such.  The main characters are married, but the story does not focus on their courtship or their relationship, rather I would say on the individuals they are.  I believe that the narrator's journey from naive, innocent, childhood to aware, mature, adulthood is very important.  The fact that she remains nameless throughout the story, or is referred to as Mrs. De Winter, shows how easily she initially gives up her own identity to please others: her employer, her husband, even her own staff.  It is only towards the end that she begins to assert herself.  This book would probably be better classified as a psychological thriller, since it deals both with the mystery surrounding the death of Rebecca (the 1st Mrs. De Winter) and her continuing impact on those she left behind.  Beautifully written."
I find this novel  a very exciting story. It's a love story and a little thriller too. The beginning is also the end of the book and that's very well made. It's not to difficult to understand and so it's fun and amusing to read.
"It was an excellent book. I liked reading this book very much. I think ""Rebecca"" is divided into two parts. The first part was like a love story and the  second was a detective story. It was very interesting, and I know that anyone picking up this book will love it."
"I found this book very interesting. But sometimes I had problems to understand the context. But we read the book together into the class and so we talked a lot about this book, and I got answers to my questions. The book tells the story of a young poor woman who marries a very rich man. But there's something wrong in the past of her husband called Maxim de Winter. Before he also had a wife, who he had killed. In order to forget his past he married this new wife. They live together happily in his big manor house called ""Manderly"" until someone finds the body of his first dead wife Rebecca. Then the story becomes confused and Maxim has to prove his ""innocence"" My opinion is that Maxim does not use  his new wife only for his own good. So when I read the book I was sometimes angry with him. But that's what makes the book interesting. And so I would advise you to read this book.  Erika"
"The unnamed protagonist of ""Rebecca"" is the young second-wife of the aristocrat Maxim de Winter, a widower of barely eleven months and owner of the famed estate Manderley.  We meet our protagonist in Monte Carlo, where she is employed as the companion to a busy-body dowager, on the day of her first meeting with Maxim de Winter.  From the beginning, duMaurier is constant with her characterization of the narrator:  she is a thoughtful and anxious dreamer, painfully aware of her lower-class station and aspiring for true and ardent love.  Upon her marriage to Mr. de Winter and their arrival in Manderley, she is preoccupied with the mystery of Rebecca, the first Mrs. de Winter.""Rebecca"" is a slow-paced, yet engaging, mystery novel concentrating on the circumstances of Rebecca's death and the hold she has on the inhabitants of Manderley.  duMaurier writes beautiful, vivid prose (albeit occasionally purple)  with much description fixated on Manderley's landscape.  ""Rebecca"" reads like Henry James, however our narrator is nowhere as a vivacious as a James heroine."
"I enjoyed the book, and it kept me guessing.  But - did they live happily ever after?  And what happened to Mrs. Danvers?"
"I have been a big fan of the 1940 movie Rebecca by Alfred Hitchcock.  It is one of my all time favorite movies.  But I have not read the book.  It is a very highly rated book written just before the movie in 1938.The story is that a young woman (who narrates the book, but is never actually named) marries a rich, older widower (Maxim de Winder).  He brings her home to his estate where she is continually haunted by the first Mrs de Winter.  This not really a ghost story, but rather the story of how the young bride feels compared to the other woman.It is a psychological thriller.  There is no violence, no sex, no bad language, but just a feeling of inferiority and tension that drives the book.  The gender roles of the book are dated.  And at times I just wanted the 2nd Mrs de Winter (or her husband) to pay attention to what was going on around them.  But on the whole it stands up very well after 70 years.Hitchcock was very true to the story, so if you are familiar with the movie you will be basically familiar with the book.  The book and movie have very different endings.  I am somewhat mixed about which I prefer.  But both play out well and have their own strengths.Daphine du Maurier had three more short stories or novels adapted into films by Hitchcock, including his classic ""The Birds""."
"I did not particularly enjoy this book. The majority of it was overly descriptive. Most of the descriptions were pointless and went on and on to the point where I truly didn't care anymore and couldn't see the author's point. About every 50 pages there was some sort of interesting turn of events that draws you in for a little while. Then the descriptions start again and you get bored. I found the book to become somewhat intriguing in the last 100 pages. But it is a 380-page book so that didn't do much for me. And the ending seemed pointless to me, but that may just be because I had lost complete interest. BubblesReviews.com Rating: 3 out of 5"
"A can't put it down, page turner of a book. If this book were a flower it would be a hothouse flower, if it were a color it would be a supersaturated fuchsia or magenta. As I read, I am transported back in time to Manderley where I watch, trapped by my anxious curiosity and battle with morality, as the story unfolds in a jumble of reality and fantasy born of obsession and insecurity. Fabulously fulfilling!"
"I read this book before I watched the movie.  I usually like reading books then watching the movie and almost always the book is better, but this time, the movie was so much better!  It's probably because I absolutely hated the book.  I read it as an assignment for my high school English class over 10 years ago.  I chose to read this because my teacher recommended it since I really liked Jane Eyre.  Ugh...bad idea!  I understand that we all have different tastes in books, so if a spineless, meek, and boring main character is something you'd like then you'd love the book.  I hated those qualities about her and the thing is, she never did get a backbone.  The book didn't even get interesting until 3/4 in. If I didn't have to read this book, i would've given up on it.  If you want to pass through all the boring parts, just watch the movie that was directed by Alfred Hitchcock.  You'll thank yourself for it."
"Thus begins Daphne Du Maurier's classic 1938 novel of romantic suspense.  ""Rebecca"" is a subtle, slow building thriller with a page-turning finish, set in Cornwall in the 1920's.The story's narrator is a woman whom we meet as the young paid companion to a wealthy lady visiting Monte Carlo.  They encounter Maxim de Winter, an older English gentleman said to recovering from a personal tragedy.  De Winter and the young woman begin an awkward friendship that quickly leads to a surprise marriage proposal.Maxim de Winter brings his new bride to his estate of Manderly. The young Mrs. de Winter struggles to find her footing in a household dominated by the sinster housekeeper Mrs. Danvers, and haunted by memories of the first Mrs. de Winter, supposedly drowned in a boating accident.  When the body of the first Mrs. de Winter is suddenly discovered, everything the second Mrs. de Winter thinks she knows about her marriage is called into question.  The dead hand of the past, and a very live hand in the present, will threaten everything she holds dear.""Rebecca"" is a superbly crafted, deliciously atmospheric murder mystery, very highly recommended to fans of Daphne Du Maurier."
"""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderly again"" begins ""Rebecca"", Daphne Du Maurier's superb 1938 novel of suspense.  ""Rebecca"" is a subtle  psychological thriller, with a slow rolling start and a gripping, page-turning finish, set in Cornwall in 1920's Britain.As the story opens, a young woman suffers through her work as the paid companion of a wealthy but hopelessly gauche older woman.  In Monte Carlo, they meet an Englishman, a ""landed gentleman"" in his forties named Maxim de Winter, who is recovering from a personal tragedy. The older man and the younger woman strike up an awkward friendship.  The young woman is happily surprised when Maxim suddenly and casually proposes marriage.After their honeymoon, Mr. and Mrs. de Winter return to his estate of Manderly.  The young Mrs. de Winter finds herself out of her depth in a household dominated by the forbidding housekeeper Mrs. Danvers and haunted by reminders of the first Mrs. de Winter, the beautiful Rebecca, drowned in a boating accident.  As she struggles to find her footing, the earlier tragedy refuses to stay buried.  Mrs. de Winter will find that very little around her, including her husband, can be taken at face value.  The dead hand of the past will reach out to threaten everything she values in the present.""Rebecca"" is a superbly crafted thriller, told entirely through the eyes of the young Mrs. de Winter, against a lushly described setting of time and place.  It is very highly recommended to fans of Daphne Du Maurier and to those looking for an exciting period piece mystery novel."
"This was a selection for our book group.  I was quite disappointed...were we really reading an ancient romance?  I then read the book, and was quite astounded.  Suffice it to say this is a great book.  This is what modern authors should strive for.  A great story with awesome characters and development.  It is not over-wordy, and the author never goes on self serving or confusing rants.  Pure entertainment with strong messages perhaps more relevant now than in 1938.  Great, great, book."
"My original review on my account at [...]This was a book club book, and definitely not one that I would have picked up on my own.After reading the first two chapters, I thought for sure I was going to be bored out of my mind. They are overly descriptive, but without giving any information about the characters themselves. And it was driving me crazy that the main character didn't have a name yet - although by the end of the book I'd forgotten about that particular annoyance until I read the note by the author explaining that she never did think of a good name for her.The book ended up being a lot better than expected. The author had me convinced that things would work out a certain way, but the character who I thought would be ""to blame"" turned out to be completely innocent. And I actually think I prefer the author's version! It was very well done, everything fit together so nicely. And I especially loved how Ben being told he would be put in an asylum if he ever said anything ended up blowing up in the face of Mr. Favell. I love it when books do that and totally throw me for a loop.The writing is still a bit flowery for me to be entirely happy with the book - I think it could have been written in about half the number of pages. And all the parts about her life at Manderley seemed pretty unnecessary, but I guess it was just to give the reader a long time to make up what we believe the relationship between Max and Rebecca to have been. I hope to read this again someday, knowing what I know about the ending, to see if there are any events that I interpret differently."
"although i didn't care for the lavish description in this book, it read well and i would highly recommend it to anybody who can endure slight boredom until their attention is finally grasped."
"To be blunt, ""Rebecca"" is a romance and a murder mystery rolled into one. Just to make sure, I must tell you that I never read romances. I did however make an exception for this book due to its unique qualities.""Rebecca"" isn't a very romantic book at first. Our young, gauche heroine (whose name is never actually given) is suddenly proposed marriage by the brooding owner of the beautiful estate of Manderley, Maximilian de Winter. Her mind is abuzz - what does this dark brooding man find in her - a young, maladroit nobody - but cautiously accepts his offer and moves to his enourmous estate.At this point the book gains something akin to momentum: the entire body of the great palace is permeated by the influence of Maximilian's late wife - Rebecca, and our heroine lives in her shadow, far too afraid to confide in her distanced husband. She feels that everyone is scrutinizing her - relatives, servants; in her mind she constantly compares herself to Rebecca - a brilliant, charismatic woman everyone loved to death - but was that all there was to her?If this book is beginning to sound interesting to you - take caution. I can't say that it's not a masterpiece - but the plot moves very slowly and the pages are peppered with vivid descriptions and confusing sentence structures. Also, several others who read the book expressed concerns that several of the characters aren't fully developed (something I never noticed), and that the relationships between the major characters aren't as realistic as they would like (a claim that is at least partly true).If you want to read a quality romance that isn't cliche and has appeal to fans of other genres, you might wish to give ""Rebecca"" a chance."
I loved this book! If you can get past the boring beginning it is GREAT!
"This book is one of the best I've read.  The description is brilliant, the  plot clever, and the voices of the characters realistic.  The only thing is  is that it isn't a book you can read over and over."
"This book was the best book i've ever read! it was so exciting, and i  couldn't put it down! there was surprise after surprise and it kept me  reading all the way through!"
"This is one of the most amazing books I have ever read. You always hear  about books that make you feel ""like you're really there."" Well,  if that describes one book, this is it. I have never truly understood a  book as I did this literary masterpiece. Daphne du Maurier draws an amazing  character from memories of others'. Obtain this book and become lost in  Manderley!"
"This is definetly one of the best books I've ever read. I just couldn't  put it down. I'm usually not the fastest reader, but I finished this in  less than 3 days! If you like romance and suspense, you should definetly  read this classic."
"Rebecca is an interesting story, and Daphne Du Maurier used nice writing  techniques to tell the story. But I find it completely moraless. I will not  explain why because I don't want to wreck the story for anyone. Also why  doesn't Du Maurier name the narator of the story, even when Maxim talks  about how pretty her name is. That just strikes me as odd and extremly  annoying."
"I found this book very long, drawn out and boring.  It was far from  realistic, and I found the characters flat and lifeless.  The story was  unbelievable and it's hard to stay interested - I wish I DIDN'T have to  read this for school!"
Rachel is defintely a book I will read again.  I finished it in one day.  The story wraps you in and somehow you can't let go.  Very intriguing until  the very end.  When I finished I ran out to get the sequel Mrs. De Winter.
"I found Rebecca was a very interesting book to read, it was very exciting and trilling. It was not very difficult to understand but it was also not too easy. I can recommend it to anyone who likes trilling stories."
"A wonderful romantic story that will make any woman feel better about herself. A shy, self-conscious young girl marries a handsome and rich widower and goes to live at his mansion...great, right? Wrong. She cannot escape the shadow of her new husband's seemingly perfect deceased wife Rebecca. Everything she does seems to be wrong and not how Rebecca would have done it. The narrator overcomes her nagging insecurity to discover what really happened to Rebecca. Du Maurier creates a wonderfully suspenseful environment and uses several opportunites to shock you. This is the first novel I've read in a long time that totally shocks me with it's revalations. I say read it if you like suspense, surprises, and dramatic character shifts."
"I found this book in a box (a jumble) of books my Mother bought at a garage sale and had never heard of it. Several years went by before I finally picked it up. I won't go into any detail about the plot because what you don't read of it in the other reviews, you will want to discover for yourself if you will just read the first few haunting paragraphs! For by then I was in-escapably emersed in the authers web! Sufice it to say that I found myself truly wishing I had picked it up much sooner. I had had a treasure on the shelf and hadn't even known it. I only came to realize the height of celebrity the book had raised long after reading it. I still havn't seen the movie, but plan to do so soon"
"This is a wonderfully written story which was greatly enhanced by Jean Marsh's reading it. I was convinced that Maxim was mourning the loss of his first wife.  What I shocker when the truth came out.  The twists and turns of the plots in this book kept me jumping to all kinds of conclusions.  I would have given this book 5 stars if it concluded with what happened to Maxim and his second wife; come to think of it, I don't think her first name was ever mentioned.  Anyway, the book left me wanting more and if you read it, so will you."
"What's most excellent is that Rebecca, who's dead, is protrayed differently by the people who knew her.  Yet the contrasting protraits is VERY rather fascinating because you wonder,"" Who is the REAL Rebecca?""; because, each protrait is biased and less than accurate.The author's style reminds me of Margaret Mitchell's: excellent and good balance of characters, narrative, setting, description, plot, ...etc (yet both of them stand alone in their successes).  The plot had such great twists, especially spooky ones, that I must admit, I stayed up quite late when I should have lett early for the SATs the next day.  But I HAD to read it!  The very slight love scenes were nicely done: less was certainly more, yet it still gave me warm chills."
"i started out thinking this was going to be an enjoyable but somewhat light gothic romance- the huge estate, the sadistic servant, the distant and brooding husband, haunted rooms and hidden meanings in even the smallest gestures.often we slip into our nameless heroine's imaginings of things that have or might happen, mostly rooted in her well founded insecuritiesthen suddenly, in a few pages, everything shifts. what follows is a very different, disturbing view of the world our characters inhabit. an impressive, spooky story."
"I read this for the first time in 7th grade, and recently re-read it...I loved it even more this time. Dumaurier is a genius at creating atmosphere and tension with the smallest details-- a dinner menu, a broken figurine, a dress. The characters are multi-layered and believable, and the story builds at a steady pace so that you truly cannot put the book down. The gothic spookiness of Manderly and its inhabitants is only surpassed by the power and uneasiness we feel about a dead woman we never meet. Truly, DuMaurier has woven a masterful tale of suspense."
"I loved this book.  I read it for a book club and put off starting it for several weeks.  One of the most interesting things the author did was to never name the main character.  It was very effective as a tool to keep her  unimportant.  She remained in the background of her own life.  She let everyone, including her husband, keep her in the dark.  By never assumming any status in her own home, and neglecting to ask even general questions of her husband's past marriage, she build a fantasy life that overshadowned her actual life.When her husband finally confided in her, her reaction was not what I expected.  It was interesting how the reader is drawn in as her ally.  I look forward to reading the sequel."
"There are very few novels that are followed by equally splendid movie versions. ""Rebecca"" is one of those few.  Written in the first person, ""I"" (she is never given another name) marries wealthy widower Max De Winter.  When she accompanies him to his estate, Manderly, she comes to suspect that he and everyone who surrounds him is still besotted with his beautiful, dead wife, Rebecca. The housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, almost drives her crazy with always comparing her to that eternal paragon of beauty and delight. The novel seems to be set in the 1920s or 1930s in England.  It was released as a movie in 1940 by Alfred Hitchcock and won many Oscars.Laurence Olivier played Max and Joan Fontaine played ""I"".  Both the novel and the movie present marvelous elements of romance and mystery in a time period that is not used frequently enough for fiction. There is one difference between the novel and the film.  Because of the rigid code of censorship existing then in Hollywood, Max is not as morally ambiguous in the film as he ultimately is in the novel.  It makes no difference to me because I love both versions equally. I am not surprised that both have proven to be enduring classics. If you are feeling burned out by too many modern bad novels and even worse movies, try these two classics which have easily withstood the test of time.Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday."
"Although I was I was bored at the author's rather lavish detail of surrounding landscape, I have to admit that this book read very well.  I would recommend it to anyone who can handle being bored for a while until the book finally catches your attention, which it certainly will, half-way through the book."
"Since I had always loved the Hitchcock film, I decided to read the book upon which it was based. For whatever reason--somewhat to the dismay of those around me at the time--this work brought out the (former) English major in me.At first, I thought the writing was laughable. For instance, I found the following statement highly ironic: ""I have had enough melodrama in this life, and would willingly give my five senses if they could ensure us our present peace and security."" Eventually, I think I became so enveloped in the story that the chintzy style became secondary.I failed to really see the romance in this, though. Or perhaps, I should say that I did not see romance between individuals. The underlying theme of this book, I felt, was a lack of identity. The second Mrs. de Winter (whose name, by the way, is never revealed) was always comparing herself to the first Mrs. de Winter. She became obsessed with attempting not to disturb the life established by her predecessor. She had no spine, no opinions of herself. As for her ""love"" life with her husband, through most of the book she compared herself to her husband's spaniel. It wasn't until she began to learn the truth about Rebecca that the second Mrs. de Winter showed any character at all.Mr. de Winter was also plagued by a lack of identity. Come to find out, his reason for marrying Rebecca was to keep up this ""ideal""of Manderley. He let his life be led by a lying, manipulative, though highly organized she-thing in order to maintain this facade of posh, idyllic country living. And, symbolically enough, once Rebecca had been destroyed completely and finally put to rest, that which she symbolized also had been destroyed.This novel is certainly gothic, but like I said, I failed to see the romance. It's a fairly quick, fairly interesting read (if you can get past the schmaltz). But, don't feel guilty if you just want to watch the movie."
"Not knowing at all what I was getting into, I was pleasantly surprised, and compelled, to read this find.  I may look for more Daphnne du Mauriers whenever I need an easy read but still want something ""classic"" and of quality."
I purchased this for my granddaughter's required summer reading and also read it myself.  It's a great romance in the old style with enough twists and turns to keep the reader guessing.
What a great read.  Daphne Du Maurier creates images in the mind with printed words so easily.  The writing is detailed without becoming flowery. The copywrite reads 1938 but the story is timeless.
"Rebecca.  Where to start.  Rebecca is the late wife of Maxim de Winter and takes place for the most part on the Manderlay estate.  The readers only meet Rebecca through the eyes of the characters.  The story is masterfully told.  Mr. de Winter takes another wife and brings her to Manderlay and because of all that the second Mrs. de Winter hears and sees and for that matter doesn't hear she is left to speculate her own purpose and existance in the shadow of the late Mrs. de Winter.  The story builds slowly and steadily, and by the time you get wrapped into the story you are in so deep you just HAVE to finish it.Breathtaking prose.  Great book."
"""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderly again.""The beginning of this classic is really the ending, an epilogue as an introduction. The dark mood, the sense of dread that is established in the dream sets the stage for the entire novel.For anyone who may not be familiar with the story, the narrator (who is unnamed) is a young woman who goes from being a companion for an obnoxious wealthy American woman vacationing in Europe to becoming the wife of Maximilian de Winter, an older, wealthy mysterious man whose first wife, Rebecca, died the previous year. The two women couldn't be more polar opposites. While Rebecca was outgoing and gregarious, the new Mrs. de Winter is shy almost to the point of being antisocial. Rebecca commanded attention; new Mrs. de W craves anonymity. Rebecca feared nothing; new Mrs. de W fears everything, including the memory of Rebecca.This is one I wish I could read again for the first time. Knowing the ending as I read it again I missed the real sense of mystery that grabbed me so before, but the writing is close to perfect. I've said it before about some of the classics, but I love the language. It isn't the same as in Jane Eyre or Pride and Prejudice since the setting is 1930s England rather than pre-Victorian, but du Maurier paints images with her words as well or as better than any author I've ever read.There were things about it that, reading it as an adult, didn't affect me when I read it before. As in Jane Eyre, I cringed a little with the idea of a young woman marrying a much older man with such obvious secrets that no one will talk about. I tried to set this problem aside and enjoy the story for what it was, but it wasn't easy. It was a difficult balance between the wonderful writing and a twenty-first century perspective on so obviously a dysfunctional relationship. I think this quote of Maxim from Chapter 16 aptly illustrates his patronizing opinion of his wife as well as the degree to which he prefers her to remain ignorant of his past: ""A husband is not so very different from a father after all. There is a certain type of knowledge I prefer you not to have. It's better kept under lock and key. So that's that. And now eat up your peaches and don't ask me any more questions, or I shall have to put you in the corner.""  I guess if you're a forty-year-old man married to a twenty-year-old girl in the early twentieth century, you can say things like that.***Spoiler Alert*** It also bothered me tremendously that when the narrator finds out her husband shot and killed his first wife her response is to help him cover up his crime. Call me overly sensitive, but how does a woman in any century find this acceptable behavior in a husband? ***Spoiler Alert and Sermon Over***I realize, of course, that this was written in a different time and that it is a mystery, and while the major problem I had with the relationship between Maxim and Wife #2 made me uncomfortable, it is still a classic worth reading. She does achieve a significant amount of maturity by the end of the story...which is in the first chapter...and I was glad to see that. I have sometimes criticized others for judging people in the past by today's standards, so I want to give both Mrs. de W #2 and the author the benefit of the doubt and encourage you to read the story as the thriller it is meant to be. I would also highly recommend Alfred Hitchcock's 1940 movie version with Sir Lawrence Olivier and Joan Fontaine."
"I highly recommend ""Rebecca"" as an interesting and engrossing story.  The book arrived in great condition.  I give it 5 Stars.."
Classic!!Full of twists all the way till the end! An extremely engaging book.
"I found ""Rebecca"" in fragile yellowed condition at a book fair in Ithaca.  I had to get it because I remember it from my mother's library in Nigeria, and its famous opening line: ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.""  And it was 25 cents.I found the book to be gorgeously painstakingly detailed, sort of like Tejpal's ""Alchemy of Desire"" and his damned pipal trees.  The rhododendron and azaleas of Manderley function in the same way.  Not just the foliage, but everything (the sea, the furniture, the house, the very driveway) is imbued with (sinister) human character, a fanatic anthropomorphism.  The language is beautifully done, and the story is gripping, despite an enraging lack of communication between the hapless Max de Winter and his (never named!) new bride.  As usual, I wish it were about 100 or more pages shorter than its 419.  A little less description would have done it, but I definitely have the landscape of Manderley and the sea and the woods in my head now.The characters too were compelling, if a bit caricatured: the snobby companion, the beautiful first wife, the skull faced evil housekeeper, the kindly best friend, the aloof husband, the shy second wife, the idiot caretaker, etc.  Disappointingly PG (I guess that's what you get for a love story first published in 1938), but a good read."
"I read this book as an assignment for an English class, but I appear to have missed the ""Classic, romantic and suspenseful"" elements in it that so many other reviewers talk about. I couldn't find the romance in Maxim taking the main character for several car rides, where she did all the talking, before he proposed to her. After being married, Maxim grows distant and the main character grows incredibly paranoid that she doesn't measure up to Maxim's first wife, Rebecca. Not that she actually does anything about it. No, instead of confiding in someone, getting over it, or even talking to her husband, she goes on moping around for months.I found the main character spineless and annoying, the story in need of some editing (300+ pages, most of them of the main character worrying and complaining, is far too much for my taste,)  and the ending pretty anti-climatic.I also had a hard time believing Maxim felt guilty about his crimes. Which is probably not good, given that the main character decides to over look them. She's just so relieved that he wasn't still in love with Rebecca.Perhaps I missed the point. (Whether it was to sympathize with the main character, or the whole story was about hate... I've yet to find an explanation that makes me want to explore the story more, and honestly, I don't think I'd want to have anything to do with it again.)"
Rebecca is a wonderful book or mystery and twists.  I thoroughly enjoyed  it!!!!!
"Anna Massey's dramatic voice provides just the right degree of drama and  tension for Rebecca, the psychological story of a young woman's  confrontations with a remote employer, a hostile housekeeper, and the ghost  of a past wife. The unabridged presentation allows for full appreciation of  Du Maurier's works and subtlety: highly recommended."
"The reason the book is called Rebecca is because, even if she was dead from the beginning of the story, Rebecca is the only interesting character in it. That is not to say the book is bad, not at all; it's charged with  suspense and mystery from the moment Mr De Winter brings home wife number  two, a simple young girl with the personality of a rabbit, who as soon as  she arrives to Manderley is intimidated by the memory of the incomparable  Rebecca, as present in her death as she was in life. Terrorized by a creepy  servant who idolized her former mistress, bit by bit the second Mrs De  Winter reconstructs the past of her new family and, of course Rebecca's. In  some parts the story becomes a little heavy, besides, I found the  atmosphere quite depressing, but I think that adds to the story, that sense  of dread that comes from feeling Rebecca's awesome presence all over the  lives of those involved with Manderley. It's a very, very good book, and  I'm anxious to see the movie Hithcock made based on it, only him could do  justice to this kind of story. A perfect choice to read in a stormy night."
On the edge of my seat excitement and suspense; thrilling and surprise ending.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Loved it !
"Daphne du Maurier's brilliantly conceived, masterfully written book Rebecca, is an unforgettable masterpiece of love and suspense.  This book cleverly incoporates love, betrayal, passion, suspense and thrill. Rebecca  is one of the most enjoyable and thrilling books that I have  ever read.  With a magnificant storyline, and wonderfull executed characters, this book  is hard to put down.  This is by far the best book that du Maurier has ever  written."
"I wanted to take the second Mrs. de Winter, give her a good shake and tell her to get a grip!  It's no wonder du Maurier never gave her a name. Anyone with any gumption would have fired Mrs. Danvers after the second encounter,  redecorated the west wing, given all those clothes to the local thrift  shop, and had a life. Obviously well-written, classic story of suspense,  etc, etc, but I had to force myself to finish this book - the heroine is so  useless I had no empathy with her at all.  And Maxim is another neurotic.  No wonder the book is called Rebecca."
"Rebecca,by daphne du maurier is certainly a book that will never die, no mater how many times it is read it wil always have that same enchanting magic.It is it that kind of a book,that will always remain close to the  readers heart. The story is about maxim de winter,the owner of manderly,a  beautiful estate . After the death of his first wife, rebecca, maxim falls  in love with the author,and takes his shy bride to manderly again.it is  impossible to describe the magical feelings that the book creates.  ""she thought rebecca was alive in his heart,she thought that she still  reigned over manderly"" it is difficult to describe how rebecca  died.Can a dead woman reign over the living.But she did die. she had no  power for she was dead.Every reader kills rebecca at the end.Every reader  identifies with the author.The magical effect that the book creates however  will never die.......it will live forever,read the book to find out more."
"Rebecca is an incredable book! Every character is intricately created, making this book even better!  During the time I was reading the beginning of the book, I found myself wishing I was like Rebecca...beautiful, clever,  intelligent, adored by everyone...I later was glad that I'm not just like  her. I found myself feeling sorry for Maxim (with all that he went through  with her). I can sort of relate to him. I know people who are manipulative  like HER and I know what he had to put up with...it is not pleasant! This  is the best book in the world (almost). You just CAN'T not read it!"
"Even as a high school English teacher, this book was a little too wordy, and the climax wasn't really that great.  If I were to rewrite this book, I would take out a word or two a sentence to shorten the book and Miss  DuMaurier could have used some more events rather than just the second Mrs.  DeWinter comparing herself to Rebecca, Maxim's first wife.  The Ben  character was underused, and Mrs. Danvers could have been more sinister.  That is why I gave this book 1 Star."
"I'd always liked reading romance, you know the kind of old-fashioned one. This was one of my favourites. It's about this young girl, who is bossed (not exactly) by a nosey old lady. When this lady finds out that the guy sitting in the next table is Maxim, the fellow who appeared in the newspapers, she goes along & tries to establish contact. The girl(some how Du Maurier manages to finish the story withiut revealing her name), is embarassed & after a lot of confusion, finds that she actualy likes Maxim & he says that he likes her too & wants her to come with him. She does so & after going to his home, Manderley(That's how it begins..'Last night I dreamt I was in Manderley again')she thinks that she is not as good a replacement for Rebeca (who was the 1st wife of Maxim) In the end she finds BIG surprise waiting for her! But I won't tell u that, for it'll spoil your reading."
"This book held me captive after finally getting through the first chapter, which is particularly boring. The symbolism of Manderly was actually the thing that intrigued me the most. I would recomend this book to any female  who believes they are only ordinary and there is nothing special about  them. This novel makes you realize there could be some one who thinks of  you like Maxim thinks of the narrator."
"Je Revien!  Could describe my love affair with this book. After thirty  years of re-reads, it's still one of my all-time favorites. I get involved  in the characters and the storyline, and it's so well-written, the ending  is always a surprise."
"Only someone hung-up on TV movies would not appreciate this excellent book.Despite other reviews, I found this interesting from page 1. Give the author a few pages to set mood, and then you're off to meeting some  fascinating characters and all along you're wondering: why  ...why...why?Very exciting, and very thought-provoking. Now that I've  read the book, I'll see Hitchcock's movie......."
"Anyone who is disappointed by ""Rebecca"" does not appreciate gothic literature.  This book is suspenceful and fascinating.  Each character has been burned into my mind ever since I first read the book in  6th grade.  Hitchcock made this book into a movie so IMAGINE what the story  must be like!"
"In reading a book, I know the author left an impact if I find myself missing the characters after turning the last page.  Even though we were never told her name, the narrator is a character that lies inside many  woman.  She is a person they fear to be, the fear of losing ones  personality in loving a man.  Du Maurier clearly did a beautiful job in  creating this character"
"I was very dissapointed with this book.  The characters were very hard to empathise with,the story was very slow and when there was suspence, you were let down.  It seemed that the author didn't even know where she wanted  to take the story next, then just settled because she became bored with her  own story."
I have read this book uptil 5 times now and i have come to a very simple and a plain conclution that daphne du maurier is an incredible writer . Rebecca involved me so much that i had to finish it in one sitting . This  book had a wonderful plot and is very beautifully written . This book has  inspired me to read all the books written by this author .
"In my high school honors English class, we had reading groups assigned with a college student. OUr book was Rebecca. I began reading it and it went very slow and I thought the book would be a long, painful process. We would meet every week and discuss the book. Guessing what would happen,  always turning out to be wrong. The book had so many cliffhangers and  unanswered questions that you had to keep reading. Even though I heard the  sequel was awful, I would still like to read it and see what becomes of the  characters. I am also looking forward to working with my group onn making a  project for this wonderful novel."
"I read Rebecca about a year ago in 8th grade, and I loved it so much.  I started it around 7:00 at night and stayed up until 4:30 in the morning reading it, even though I had school the next day.  I simply could not put it down.  The ending was so suprising, very Gone With the Wind-ish.  The  only problem is that it starts a little slow, so you have to stick it out,  but it is so good, you forget that in the end.  But, just as a warning, the  sequel is not NEAR as good!"
"I read Rebecca about a year ago in 8th grade, and I loved it so much.  I started it around 7:00 at night and stayed up until 4:30 in the morning reading it, even though I had school the next day.  I simply could not put it down.  The ending was so suprising, very Gone With the Wind-ish.  The  only problem is that it starts a little slow, so you have to stick it out,  but it is so good, you forget that in the end.  But, just as a warning, the  sequel is not NEAR as good!"
"""Rebecca"" is one of the most haunting novels I have ever read.  The opening sentence alone is enough to give one the shivers: ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.""The novel started as a project to see how long the author could go without naming her main character, and ends up as being a fascinating read.  Maxim de Winter is a man with secrets, and his new bride, who feels Rebecca's oppressive spirit everywhere in their new home, is an honest and brave character with whom all readeres should be able to identify with.  She is made of stronger stuff than any romance novel charcter I've ever read.Rebecca herself, although her voice is rarely heard and she lives on through memories of the inhabitants of Manderley is still a force to be reckoned with.  Rebecca's loyal servant Mrs. Danvers (quite possibly the creepiest personal maid/housekeeper in literature) will make your skin crawl.The book has an astonishing ending and I guarantee that anyone who picks the book up will not only be unable to put it down, but when the last page is turned, will start to reread it immediately."
"It took me two tries reading this book, but I'm glad I finally finished it. The first chapter made me fall asleep and so did the second. Don't quit though once it gets rolling it is actually a very good book. You could feel what emotions the main character was feeling and it seems like you are her. The ending is excellent. It leaves you wandering and wanting more. I still can't believe the ending and I finished the book acouple of days ago. Read Rebecca, it's a book for all ages."
"Although the book gets off to very slow start, readers must stick with it then it gets better."
"A timeless place, a stifling air, a world of fascinating characters, cannot even begin to describe the world of priviledge and forboding that is so masterfully painted by Ms. Du Maurier.  Her descriptive talent for painting words on a page literally breathe life into the Manderly Estate and you catch yourself walking among its misty setting within your imagination.Like a menacing fog, the claustophobic secrets of Manderly slowly reveal themselves and completely take you by surprise.  The story is timeless, the issues could be ripped from today's headlines.  Human emotion is ripe and in full bloom here as the suspense of human drama builds to a shattering climax.  For a novel written so long ago, I was completely engrossed until the wee hours of the morning reading......Pondering......Guessing......Shocked!!"
"I loved this book when I first read it in high school. It opened my eyes to a great author and a genre I had previously never enjoyed. I have read it 3 times and still enjoy it's depth, alive characters, and rich descriptions. It is a tad slow in the beginning but stick with it becuase it such a jewel to be treasured. See Hitchcock's film version for a different spin on the story too!"
I recieved this book as a Christmas present when I was 12 years old. I started to read it one night and stayed up all night reading it. This book grabs you right into the story and keeps you on the edge of your seat.
"Ok, so I'm only thirteen. But this book displayed great detail and almost brought you into the the whole setting and gave you a great idea of what the author created these characters to be. An extremely well written novel about love, deceit, jealousy and truth that deserves to be read by many."
"I was forced to read this book in one of my litature classes my sophomore year in college.  I thought it looked horrible and sounded worse.  I was so wrong.  It is simply wonderful.  I got completely lost in the story and the lives of all the characters.  Now, almost four years later, I still find myself randomly thinking about the story and the people.  It is one of the few stories that is timeless.  It is unususal for me to like this kinds of book.  I noramlly like adventures in far off, fantastic places.  This book is not that.  It is a good mistery, but more than anything, it is just a perfect example of story telling.  Every word and detail is perfet for the overall effect.  This is a must for ANY book lover's collection."
"I received this book as a present from my cousin, who said that this was her favorite book when she was my age(14 years old).  Well, I read it, and it easily became my favorite too!!  DuMaurier excellently plotted the book, making me not able to put it down (flashlight reading!! LOL!! Don't tell Mom!)  I recommend this book to EVERYBODY, of all ages!!"
"Rebbeca is definetly one of my favourite books. The reader does not have to be a certain gender or a certain age to read it, anyone would like this book. In fact, my english teacher recomended it to me last year, and I have recomended it to my friends, I don't know anyone that read this book that did not enjoy it! The writting and the plot of the story are just simply wonderful, Daphne writtes so well! I also thought that the charecterisation was thought out very well, the sinister house keeper, the cousin, and, of course, Rebbeca were some of my favourites!I recomend this book to anyone, but I also warn you, if you plan on reading this book you better have a lot of time on your hands as you will not want to put this one down!"
"Rebecca is a very interesting and exciting book!  It is very descriptive.  The characters are  complex, and mysterious.  It starts out a little bit boring, but the end is fantastic! Now that I've read the book, I can't wait  to watch the movie!  I give Rebecca four stars!"
"Excellent!  If you love suspense stories, you'll read this book again and again.  Also, the Hitchcock movie is also very good, but veers somewhat from the book but still very good just the same."
When I was younger I read this book. It kept me in suspense on every single page. I loved it so much.That is why I rated it a 5 star.
I really liked this book. It kept me in suspense on every page. I read it a while ago but still love it.
"The Cover to Cover Classics Audio version of ""Rebecca"" is outstanding (11 cassettes)... Anna Massey, the reader was exceptional and ranks up there in my favorite three readers.  This one is not to be missed  ... a real ""keeper""."
"I have had an intimate knowledge of Rebecca, by Daphne Du Maurier, for several years and not until today have I been able to share my thoughts on this terrific novel. What originally captured me was what most other people  might consider the novel's downfalls. The formal diction, vivid imagery,  and abstract character developments drew me to the heart of the novel's  secrets. The omnipresent tormentor, Rebecca, gave the novel a charnal house  atmosphere.  It was definitely the most intriguing piece of literature I  have ever read. I will continue to read this book and pour over it's worn  pages for many more years to come, I suggest you do the same."
Rebecca was a book I read for my english class.  This is a very good book and I liked at the end the have no Manderly left.  So they will start all over again.  I thought this was not going to be a good book but I was  wrong.  I enjoyed reading it.  I expect everyone else will love it to if  not love than like it very much.  If you would like to discuss this book  and here more of my views on the email me at Leesa_J_K@yahoo.com.
This is a wonderful story!  It is one of those stories that was first read as a teenager and gets pulled of the shelf and enjoyed again every few years!
"I've given this book four, rather than five stars because I haven't read many books which I thought were perfect.  Even this one has its flaws (such as a rather pedestrian narrative style).  But those flaws are minor in  comparison to the truly compelling characters and gripping tale woven by Du  Maurier.  I only just recently read this for the first time and I was  surprised to find that it was a much better read than I thought it would  be.  I love the Hitchcock movie and was worried that the book wouldn't be  as good, but boy was I wrong!  The suspense is chilling from the moment the  new Mrs. De Winter arrives at Manderley.  Du Maurier's greatest achievement  is to have created a narrator who is so young and inexperienced that  Rebecca (who of couse is never present in the novel) seems more alive than  our heroine!  In a way, the heroine (who remains unnamed, in what must be  one of the master strokes of the novel) becomes more interesting as she,  like Mrs. Danvers, becomes more and more obsessed with the dead Rebecca.  The slight hint of a lesbian attachment between Rebecca and  ""Danny"" adds spice to the otherwise conventional romance aspect  of the novel.  In fact, I found this story interesting as a tale of  intimate relationships between women - even Maxim, the main male in the  book fades into the background as Rebecca beomes more prominent in  everyone's memory.  I could not put this down and was glad to find that I  liked it as much as the movie!"
"Reading Gone With the Wind really spoiled me for other books--I've only found two since then that I really loved, and Rebecca was one of them.  (The other was the Thorn Birds by Colleen McCullough)  This book starts out  a little slow and dry, but trust me, you won't want to put it down about  halfway thru.  I love books written long ago when things were left to the  imagination, as Du Maurier does.  Her characters are excellent and the way  she writes a scene is perfect.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars  is because I didn't like the ending, but I didn't like the GWTW ending,  either. Perhaps I was just disappointed that it had to end..."
"I started this book and read about 10 pages. The whole time, the author was going off about the different kinds of plants which grew in this garden, and I didn't even know who the narrator was, and where the garden  was. It was so boring and confusing that I did not read on. It probably  gets much better, but I was not inspired to read more that I did."
This novel places the reader in the setting of the English countryside and in the lives of Maxim De Winter and his new bride.  I read this in college and have not gone a year since without reading it.  I have my high school  english students reading this novel also.  It is amazing how reading just  one book will get the modivation moving in a bunch of students to read more  of an author's work.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  Even my  sports minded husband has enjoyed it with me.
"it was an ok book, it started out really boring and then it got better.  it was kinda confusing and i didnt really understand the meaning of it.  good luck to you who read it and i hope you enjoy it more than i did"
Just recently me and my bestfriend did a switchoff with books. She read my  favorite book Jane Eyre and I read her favorite book Rebecca. Ive got to  tell you its one heck of a book! Its details and twists and turns are  amazing! The beginning though wasnt that interesting but the middle and end  take up its slack!
"This book is my favourite of all time! This is a mystery masterpiece. I cannot do justice to it in my own words, except to say that I really felt I was in the nameless heroine's place as she discovers new intricacies every  day. 'Last night, I dreamt I went to Manderley again ...'"
"I picked this book up when I was in high school on a visit to my uncle's...and I couldn't put it down.  I was captivated as I followed the uncertain steps of a young girl swept off her feet by a rich older man,  then thrust into the overwhelming position of lady of the manor, a position  previously held by a beautiful, confident woman that everyone seemed to  adore.  Everything was not as it first appeared, however, and the new bride  had many shocking and horrifying surprises in store for her.  ""Rebecca"" was a gripping tale that fascinated Alfred Hitchcock,  and he chose this story to bring to the big screen.  But even the Master of  Suspense, in my opinion, could not do justice to this epic  romance/mystery/thriller as written by Du Maurier. One of the most  memorable books I have ever read."
"Rebecca is a truly delightful classic that I can read over and over again. I have also watched the Alfred Hitchcock interpretation of the book, in his movie entitled Rebecca. You should see it! The movie captures all of the  mystery, romance, and suspense of the book.  Usually movies change the  story drastically or just are not as good as the book.  Hitchcock does the  book justice!  But anyway, READ THIS BOOK because it's truly engaging and  beautifully written. You will not be able to put it down!  One of my all  time favorite novels."
"What an outstanding novel this is.  At the beginning we are mesmerized by the affection that Maximum de Winter and his personal secretary secretly demonstrate.  Once he takes her back to his estate named Manderly, the  reader does not exactly understand why Maximum acts so differently.  The  death of his former wife, Rebecca displays an odd behavior over the staff  as well as Maximum and this perplexes the new wife as well as the reader.  The unexpected twist towards the end forces you to read on.  This classic  is a treat for anyone who picks it up.  I easily give it five stars and  recomend it to both men and female."
"An assignment for my English Lit class at my highschool was to pick a classic to read.  I brought home the list, and my mom told me I would LOVE Rebecca.  She was right.  It was hard for me to get into it at first,  however, just because it was hard to understand.  Anyway, I got a little  furthur, and I could not put the book down.  I absolutely loved it!  It was  developed into a very suspenseful mystery with a startling twist, and a  little romance too.  I could totally understand Mrs. de Winter, and I  really felt for her battling in the shadow of Rebecca.  I loved this book,  and I am recommending it to everyone!  Absolutely AWESOME!"
"This was a great book.  One of my very favorites.  The movie was good, but the book is oh so much better!  I really liked that we never get a glimpse of the beauty of Rebecca, it is left up to our imaginations, and contrasted  with the second Mrs. DeWinter, we only know her by that name, nothing else.  This story is sometimes light and at most times chilling. Do not cheat  yourself out of a great book!"
"This novel is amazing!  DuMaurier tells a great, original story with twists and turns no one could imagine.  Her writing style, although somewhat older, is not very difficult to read and her descriptive style is interesting to read. Her protagonist is well developed and although somewhat mousy, she is not very difficult to relate to.  This book is a classic not only of duMaurier's time, but also of today."
"Rebecca is a book whose name and cover force recollections from many readers of fiction.  I had somehow escaped this story during  my younger days but am delighted to have found it as an adult.  The opening paragraph has the power to remove you from your surroundings and drop you into the rural landscape of early 20th C England.  The demure yet unpolished and insecure young protagonist forces us to connect personally to her constant neurosis concerning her adaptation into the DeWinter home. We have all felt at times so unsure of ourselves and questioned nearly everything and everyone around us. It is this instant symbiotic connection with this young woman which makes the story so engaging.  We hope vicariously that her instantanteous entrance into high society is smooth and successful but cower with her when her youthful naivete bungles the daily household management.  However, when her paranoia leads her to unearth Rebecca's memory, the real story begins.  What a great way to spend a reading respite.  I'll definitely be reading it again!!!"
I HAD TO READ THIS FOR MY RESEARCH PAPER AND I CAN TELL YOU IT IS NOT GOING TO BE AN A+ PAPER BECAUSE HOW  IN THE WORLD CAN YOU WRITE A PAPER IF YOU DON'T GET THE BOOK. IT GOES ON AND ON AND JUST GETS ME LOST.
"This book has to be one of the greatest books i'll ever read. My mother recommended me this book, and nagged me forever to read it. I finally did read it and finished in 4 days. I simply could not put it down! The plot was fabulous with many twists and turns. I was surprised by every chapter. This book I will certainly recommend to those around me and i recommend it to anyone. This book is highly enjoyable and simply wonderful. One of the best books i will ever read."
"One of my teachers recommended this book to me; when she had told me about the plot of this story, I fell in love with it immediately. I could feel how mysterious the story would be even by hearing the outline. I have enjoyed reading Rebecca and enjoyed the feeling of love the author gave me. The story is about a shy young woman, after she marries the mysterious Mr. De Winter, lives under the dark shadow of his first wife, Rebecca. She always felt that people are comparing her to the lovely woman, Rebecca; even her servants did not treat her very kindly. As the story moves on, Mrs. De Winter begins to recognize Rebecca¡¦s personality more and more. Throughout the whole story, I always had a mysterious feeling about ¡§Who is Rebecca?¡¨ when I was reading through, I really wanted to know more about this great woman. I was truly surprised with the ending, I could never have guess this romance story would end like this. I highly recommend this book to everyone and wish they all will have the same excited feeling as I do."
"I read this book for my Freshman English class last year, and I must admit I was not looking foward to it -- I figured it would be just another boring ""classic."" But I was definently wrong!  This book was extremely absorbing and gripping, and I could not put it down until after I had finished the shocking conclusion.Do yourself a favor and read this book -- it's definently worth your time."
"The story begins with one of my favorite opening paragraphs (second only to A Tale of Two Cities): ""Last night, I dreamed I went to Manderly again....."" From there we are swept into a seaside story of paranoia and excrutiating love. Rebecca is a classic mystery story set in a lone English Manor by the sea and filled with dark secrets. It is a tale of rivalry. A new, young, painfully shy wife, is brought into a legendary estate, and forced to share her marriage with the presence of her husband's beautiful and tragically departed wife - Rebecca. I read this book for the first time when I was twelve years old. I thought Mrs. Danvers, the obsessed (maybe possessed is a better word) housekeeper was the devil (still do). I remember lying in bed in the dark of night, hearing only the ticking of a clock in the hallway and feeling that Rebecca was watching me too. I was insanely in love with Maxim, and desperate for his approval of our heroine.  I used to try and guess what her ""beautiful and unusual name"" could possibly be, since Du Maurier never tells us but consistently refers to it, admitting later that she could simply never think of one.Du Maurier, one of the great masters of suspense, uses the art of manipulation in its' finest form here - leading your mind and thoughts where she wants them to go. You feel what she wants you to feel and are shocked when she wants you to be shocked. You smell the salty sea. You hear the dark ocean waves lapping on the shore like long, cold fingers. And most of all, you share the terror of the unyielding presence of Rebecca.A jolly good read."
"""Rebecca"" by Daphne Du Maurier is arguably one of the best books ever written. The presence of Rebecca is haunting and unforgettable. The shy, timid and unamed second Mrs. DeWinter is another wonderful character, although she is overshadowed by the commanding presence of Rebecca. Another worthy character is that of Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper who seems to keep Rebecca's presence 'ever alive'. Ms. Du Maurier's prose is simple and flowing, providing a spellbinding and haunting read.A permenant book by my bedside, ""Rebecca"" will be read over and over again. A wonderful read for all age groups, I truly reccomend it to everyone."
"This book is terrible.  The whole thing could be summed up with ""I'm depressed.  Boo hoo.""  Need I say more?"
"Rebecca was a book of romance and suspense that was very well written. Daphne Du Maurier wrote this very well and showed lots of detail in the book. Like when she told about Manderly she went into such fine detail about the sounds and smells and look of the estate. When she told about how Mrs. Danvers treated Mrs. De Winter I could understand how she felt. This book also showed me how life was in a house like that. It showed how the head of the house kept charge of all the help.  This book was really good and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good book. It was well written, good dialogue, and enough detail to help you understand what was happening in the book. And you will never believe the ending so I suggest that anyone who reads this go read that book."
"I was first asked to read this book 7years ago for one of my English classes in High School. I must say it has left a lasting impression on me  ever since. Rebecca was the first book that ever kept me completely  entranced throughout, and never waivered in the integrity of the stories  plot.  It was suspenseful, romantic, and coy all at the same time. I would  recommend Rebecca to anyone ,young or old, who just really wants to read a  true masterpiece."
"I loved this book.  it tells a story of mystery, and romance.  this book is fully developed.  it's got an awesome ending that completely caught me  off guard.  Superb use of first person narrative which fully explores the  mind of the narrator.  I recommend this book to everyone."
"Rebbeca has been on of my favorite books for a long time.  I just wanted to inform other who like this book that there is a sequal, which not many  know about, called Mrs de winter by susan hill.  I have to say it is not as  good as rebecca but for those who want to find out what eles happens to  maximum and his bride it is a must read."
"i thought this was an excellent book. it was required for one of my classes, and i'm glad it was. it was a bit boring for the first 5 or 7 chapters, but things get sooo much better at the end. definatly a book you  would want to read."
"This book is very dry, and dull until you reach chapter 22, then it gets more intersting.  But unless you want to read that much, I don't recamand this book."
The story is ingenious and the characters are completely believable. Daphne Du Maurier manages to gain our sympathy for some of the chracters and loathing for others. Raises a lot of questions about marriage and  friendship but leaves a lot unanswered!
"Every so often, you run across a book that you remember for a long time.  I have recently read Rebecca and can honestly say it was one of the greatest books I have ever read.  Du Maurier is extremely descriptive,  making you feel as if you were there at Manderley yourself.  I absolutely  loved every bit of this story. It added symbolism that Mrs. De Winter had  no name, to add to her non existence. I saw the movie, it cannot even hold  a candle to the book.  Everyone, if you want an unforgettable experience,  read this novel!"
"An intruiging book; we know of the second Mrs de Winter only by that name, almost as though her only identity is by being the wife of Maxim. She is endearing and silly and lovable at the same time and yet as we read how she  is haunted by shadows of ghosts we are drawn to and repulsed by Manderly at  the same time. And the end of the book does not come back to the beginning.  As Max has said ""Perhaps in the end Rebecca has won"", that  nothing ever ends when it does."
"I read Rebecca by Daphne DuMaurier when I was 15 years old and I have never forgotten the story.  The movie was good - but the book is always better.  Because of this book I read lots of this author, but never felt  she wrote anything as good as Rebecca."
Rebecca is a story of romance and mystery and suspense all in one book.My Mom gave ne this book when I was 14.It had been her copy when she was my age.Maxim and the 2nd Mrs.DeWinter survive the odds of proper England.And  love conquers all even death.I highy recommend this book to anyone who  loves a true romance.I believe Rebecca is one of the greatest books written  this century.
I loved this book.  I began reading it without knowing what to expect and this put me on the edge of my seat.  I could not put it down.  The ending was a bit disappointing though.  It definately makes me to want to read the  sequel.
Du Maurier makes the conflict and the plot mysterious and suspenseful while letting the reader into small amounts of detail giving clues.
I LOVED this book! It was recommended to me by a librarian for a book report.  I absolutely fell in love with it. I never guessed the ending. If you like mystery and romance this book is for you. Du Maurier does a  wonderful job with the unnamed nararrator.  I feel as though I am in  Manderley through her and the other characters.
"Rebecca was a great book to read. I had to read for school but the ending part was really amazing. First part was very boring and nothing really happens, but towards end it's really exciting. Why there isn't Mrs. Du  Winter's first name? Also I only give 4 stars because it could been better  if the first part of story is interesting. HOWEVER,Rebecca is good book to  read if you like suspense. I am planning to read this book again! :)"
"I first read this book when I was 13 for a book report in language arts.  I thought, you know, what the heck, it's a mystery romance sort of thing and I'm a sucker for love.  From the very first sentence, to the very last,  I could not take my eyes off the page!  It's a wonderful wonderful book  that completely captures you.  You'll hate Ms.Danvers, love the second Mrs.  DeWinter and sympathize with her, and you'll feel sorry for Max.  It's one  of the best books ever!  It's filled with suspense, fear, mystery,  EVERYTHING you could ever hope for."
"This book, was a required summer reading book, which I had to read. At first I thought I would never enjoy it, I mean come on, it was written in 1938. The first chapter was horrible! But it got way better! Daphne Du  Maurier, is an excellent writer, she made the book VERY intresting! I felt  like I was Mrs. De Winter. I was tottally shocked to find out that Maxim  murdered, Rebecca, but I still loved Max. I hated Mrs. Danvers, when she  had that little scene where she screamed at her. I was devestated when she  came down the stairs, in the outfit, and Maxim yelled at her.  The parts I  didn't like were the fact Mrs. de Winter didn't have a name, and the ending  didn't corespond with the begining!"
"This is the best book i have ever read, no girl should live without reading it!"
"Daphne DuMaurier's finest work of art. ""Rebecca"" was the most magnificent piece of work she did. The ""Jamaica Inn"" was a great book also, but ""Rebecca"" just out does any other book she has  ever written. This book was just a masterpiece. This mystery romance was  just beautifully written and deserves a whole lot of acclaim."
"I am 15 years old and read this book for the first time when I was 13. I loved it! It truely intrigues me. I have read it twice since then just because I liked it so much. I have already taken the PSAT, and I know I  would not have known some of those words if it were not for reading  Rebecca. I know I learned anywhere from 20-50 new words to add to my  expanding vocabulary. All I have to say is:IT WAS GREAT!!!"
"I read this book for my Great Books class, and it was great! I admit, the first couple of chapters are boring and they didn't catch my attention, but it gets so much better! While the narrator is at Manderley, she can feel  Rebecca's shadow hovering over her life. There were times when I was  reading when I could almost feel Rebecca's presence. I was definitely not  prepared for the climax of the story. I really admire Daphne duMaurier for  coming up with such a thrilling, powerful novel! I recommend this book - it  will be well worth your time and money."
"I do admit, I wasn't impressed with this book from the beginning. It was one of my mother's favorites, and she bought it for me one day and urged me to read it. The start of the story was rather slow and being a teenager, I  need a lot to keep my interest. After the first hundred pages or so, I  could not put this down! In the end, I had stayed up until five in the  morning and could not fall asleep afterwards because I was thinking of this  book so much. And then I got ready for school, and thought about it all  day. If you are rather skeptical about this book, please just try it!"
"I don't understand why so many people gave this book five stars. One of the most important things to me in a book is a catchy beginning. This is something this book dfinitely did NOT have. Absolutely nothing happens for  the first 230 pages. Then the plot gets interesting and we learn Maxim's  deep, dark secret. What I don't understand is why the second Mrs. DeWinter  stays with Maxim after finding out what he did. The plot is totally  unreallistic, because Maxim asked her to marry him after knowing her for  about two weeks. Also, no woman in her right mind would stay with a man who  committed murder. And why don't we ever find out the second Mrs.  DeWinters's first name? Overall, I really don't recomend this book. I had  wanted to read Rebecca for a long time because everyone said it was so  good. I must say I was extremely disappointed with the novel. This is a  good book to cure insomnia. I hope I have better luck with the movie."
"Rebecca keeps you in suspense, while you feel connected to the characters.  Daphne Du Maurier writes it in the main character's view, but also explores many other character's aspects.  When I was reading it, I told  myself I would read one chapter, but then I would go on to read three or  four chapters.  I just could not put it down.  It is definitely a classic."
"I'm 14 years old and I read this book for a school book report.  I usually don't like classics, but this one was really good since it was also a mystery novel and I love mysteries.  This one was also a great thriller.  The beginning was a little boring, but don't get discouraged 'cause it's  worth the wait.  I know other people who've read it and liked it so I  really think you should read this awesome book."
"I first read it when I heard my friends discuss about it during lunch time. I read it for a few times for I am only a teenage school girl and my comment of English is not very good. Anyway, I am really glad that I have  pick up the book. It is the only book that kept me so well in suspense and  the ending is so well set that I can not help reading it again and again. I  know there is a reason for Daphne not to reveal the narrator's name. But it  really set me wonder whether Daphne had actually a name for her in mind.  The reason why I had given only 4 stars is because though this is a  magnificient book, but it still could not surpass my favorite book, ""  Gone with the wind""."
"As a middle-aged male, I am probably not the typical reader of ""Rebecca"".  I raced through it in one weekend, careening through the many hair-pin turns that come one upon another in the last third of the  book.  The reviewers who complain of the slow pace of the first  third  should understand that the groundwork must be laid for the excitement to  follow.  I had to force myself to slow down so as to savor Ms. Du Maurier's  enchanting descriptive writing style (being a gardener helps one appreciate  the descriptions) .  I must differ with all those who state that the main  character  remained un-named throughout the book.  The main character was  named... ""Manderley""."
"I had to read ""Rebecca"" for a school assignment.  I'm certainly glad that I did! This was one of the best books I have ever read, and I have read a variety of books! I have never read a book with so many plot  twists that leaves you in suspense throughout the story.  By the end of  each chapter you find yourself thinking that you know the outcome of the  plot when it is actually the total opposite.  I can't wait to read  ""Mrs. de Winter"" which I am planning on going out and buying it  tonight. Be sure to read this book and recommend it to all of your  friends!P.S. If you don't like romance stories or mysteries then you are  just like me, but I think that ""Rebecca"" will totally change your  whole perspective on romantic mysteries."
"This is the first time I know of, Where the main character is active but not present. Sheer of tension, If you read Christie's Sleeping Murder, you'll love this. I think You should see Hitchcock's movie first & then  read the book, It will make the book even better."
"This book is one of the finest pieces of work that I ever read!  I usually dislike to read long books or romatic novels but this one was too good to put down!  I also saw the movie and it was excellent too!  Teens, adults  and even middle age children~ read it and you will love it!"
"This is a FABULOUS book--except that for the first 200 pages literally nothing exciting happens.  All that's going on is that Mrs. Danvers hates the girl (whose name we never find out) with an undying passion.  Until I  found out Max's deep dark secret, I almost fell asleep reading  this.  But  after that it's interesting.Another aspect I didn't like was the lack of  any kind of real relationship between the two main characters.  They're  married, right?  And they kiss maybe twice.  It's wrong.  (In my opinion,  anyway.)  But I think it made for interesting Freudian analysis of  Max.The back of this book insists that it's filled with romantic  suspense, and it is.  And it's even worth sitting through the first 200  pages."
"My family read this book for our Family Book Club.  I must confess that we picked it without knowing anything about the book, other than what the back cover said.  We didn't even know that there was an Oscar-award winning movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock based on the book.This haunting, gothic novel kept us on the edges of our seats.  There were two points of the novel that took us completely by surprise...but looking back, it all adds up.  This book was masterfully written; it is the type you might wish to read again and again.Comments from our book club:Mom:  Didn't fall asleep once (a feat!).  Thought there were a couple of parts that didn't make sense, but after discussion thought it was a good ending (great book to discuss in a book club for that reason).Dad:  Thought Du Maurier's greateset talent was in character development; thoroughly enjoyed watching the heroine of the story as the plot developed.Me:  Definitely one of the best books I have ever read.  The plot twists were great.  Imagery fantastic.  The kind of book that I can't stop thinking about it.  Immense fun.We will definitely get the movie to see what Hitchcock has done with this book."
"i adore this book. the young new bride and all her hesitations, which we all occasionally feel, and the jealousy that we know, that we think we know when we can never catch up with perfection, especially when that perfect is dead. each scene is beautifully constructed, even the conversations which seem dull but simmer with tension. the poor mrs dewinter, gauche, insecure, desperately in love, without the confidence to believe that her new husband loves her... dumarier managed to get everything right in a way which she does not achieve with her other books."
"The book, Rebecca, was a very interesting book.  I liked how it portrayed romance and mystery and kept me guessing throughout the book.  Mrs. De Winter had to get through the trials of living up to the late Mrs. De Winter.  Her husband, Mr. De Winter, only wants a companion not a lover.  In the end, Mrs. De Winter does not feel intimidated by the late Mrs. De Winter after finding out how mean she really was during her life.  I would recommend this book to readers of all ages who like mysteries with a little romantic involvement."
"I fell in love with this story when I accidentally caught the old movie version on tv one night.  I bought the book and fell in love with the story all over again.Ms Du Maurier created some wonderfully vivid characters.  The coldly distant Maxim, the lurking Mrs. Danvers, the timid Mrs. DeWinter (I LOVE that we never know her first name), and the ethereral Rebecca who starts off as a tragic figure and then....well read the book.The description of the house and the grounds and the boathouse were incredible.  I felt like I was walking the same corridors as Mrs DeWinter.  Felt her apprehension as she realized she could never live up to Rebecca and I will always get a chill when I think of Mrs. Danvers.  She is right up there with Hannibal Lector in terms of creepiness, in my opinion.Rebecca is a great piece of literary fiction.  So creepy, so chilling, so incredibly brilliant."
"A twentieth Century classic. The book takes the archetypal framework of Bronte's Jane Eyre --  mysterious house, brooding hero, and dreadful secret -- and makes of it a riveting, complex and timeless psychological story without ever drawing attention to the old bones being re-assembled.  The book proves among other things that there are no real cliches when it comes to plot or spectacle.  Profound characters, fresh insights, fine dialogue and keen observation  can transcend the  trappings of any genre.  If you haven't seen the film with Joan Fontaine and Lawrence Olivier prepare for a treat. But read the book first. It's rich and wonderful. In fact, Jane Eyre and Rebecca may be the finest examples we have of what later became known as ""the woman's gothic,"" a form so popular that once its stylized covers were on every drugstore rack in America.  Those days are gone, of course, as the purveyors of  fiction satisfy a demand for greater variety and depth in their every changing audience. But Rebecca and Jane Eyre remain undeminished and powerful as ever. Basic truths are enshrined in both; and both unfold their unforgettable moments in beautiful language.  Scholars and avid readers may want to see also the brilliant study of female  literature,  The Mad Woman in the Attic by Guber and Gilbert."
"Read a few chapters, found it boring and so I gave up on it. (DNF)"
"It's true that most people will find the first two chapters (or more) tedious, but don't let that stop you from reading the rest. The nameless narrator (a brilliant move-- although I read that Du Maurier simply couldn't think of a name) has the truest emotions of any character in any book I've read, and I don't see how anyone can dispute it.  Be careful reading other reviews on this site-- many are great, but several give inaccurate details that may send you into it with the wrong state of mind (and some even give away the plot!). Read it and enjoy. The book does move well-- but pay attention! Little details may very well be important...they help to make this book the masterpiece it is."
This book grabbed me and would not let me go until I had finished it! A fantastic story of love and murder. EXCELLENT!!!
"From the moment I started reading Rebecca I was hooked. The storyline was amazing, the characters were outstanding, and Du Maurier used a great amount of detail to describe the mysterious Manderly. I must have enjoyed this book more than any other I have ever read. I was literally upset the rest of the day after I finished it. I had to read this book for school and it definitly wasn't a waste of time this summer! I recommend this book 100% and I think most people out there will enjoy it. This book combines Romance, Thriller, and Mystery all in one! It was truly amazing and I'm on my way to read other books by Daphne Du Maurier."
"This riveting tale of fear, suspicion, and love opens as the unnamed narrator reminisces about her former home, the grand English estate, Manderley.  She had been young and shy, a lady's companion, when she met the wealthy recent widow, Maxim de Winter, fell in love with him, and married him in a matter of weeks.  They returned to his home, where she was immediately overwhelmed with the responsibilities of running the house and dealing with her forbidding housekeeper as well as the memory of Maxim's first wife, Rebecca.  She had been beautiful, sophisticated, and supremely confident, and the narrator felt lost and helpless in comparison.  Her new husband was strangely distant to her, until a horrible secret was revealed that would change their lives and the very existence of Manderley.Daphne Du Maurier has crafted a wonderfully spooky story with remarkably little action, but a great deal of atmosphere and a steadily mounting feeling of impending doom.  The ravishing Rebecca is never seen, and yet she is the main character, dominating the story with her passions and cruelty.  Another main ""character"" is the great house itself, which is described in such fascinating detail that I felt as if I had walked its long hallways, descended its grand stairs, and had tea in the library.  The narrator is purposely kept anonymous to contrast her with the larger-than-life Rebecca, and Maxim is a seriously flawed but lovable man.Anna Massey does not just read the story, she performs it, delighting the listener with her upper-class British accent, giving a different voice to each character.  I happily recommend this audio cassette version of Rebecca to those who enjoy exciting tales of suspense, psychological dramas, and mysteries."
"The main conflict of ""Rebecca"" is between Mrs. De Winter, a very shy and timid character, and the infamous Rebecca. Even though Rebecca is dead she still holds power over Manderley. Other characters like, Mrs. Danvers, adds to her struggle to become accepted as Mrs.de Winter, with her  obsession towards Rebecca. Maxim can't bring himself to tell her of  Rebecca's affairs and evil ways because he is afraid of her finding out the  truth of  Rebecca's death. Then Maxim torn by his wife's love tells her  the horrible truth, ""You thought I loved Rebecca ? You thought I  killed her , loving her? I hated her. I tell our marriage was a farce from  the first. She was vicious, damnable, rotten through and through. We never  loved each other, never had a moment of happiness together. Rebecca was  incapable of love, of tenderness, of decency."" The book portrays the  dark, vile side of the beatiful, revered Rebecca and shows how she is  overcome by true love. The two lovers can finally live together in peace  and as a devoted couple, occasionally remembering the woman who tried so  hard to keep them apart. A delightful love, mystery novel that grasps the  readers interest and leaves you in suspense. Joseph Dion"
"I tried on two seperate occasions to read this book.  The first time, six months ago, I didn't finished the first 100 pages.  The second time, I got up to page 134 and quit.  This book couldn't hold my interest for very  long.  There is too much detail written and not enough plot.  I would not  recommed this book to anyone.  It is in my bag of books to take the used  book store for trade."
"This book portrays the dramatic love story between a widower and a first bride.  At the beginning, it started off slow, but when you get toward the end, it ties beautifully.  Practically the best romance novel ever written.  Also, the plot twisted into a unexpected ending. Well done, Mrs.  DuMaurier!"
"Reading Rebecca was a class assignment that, at first, I did not think would be much fun.  I proved myself wrong in this case.  The ever-changing plot was wonderful.  The nameless narrator did a great job telling the  story from her point of view.  It made you feel as if you were at Manderley  with them.  I have read a lot of good books, but I would have to call this  one my very favorite.  I, personally, cannot wait to read the sequel, Mrs.  de Winter, by Susan Hill.  I would definetely recommend this classic novel  to readers of all ages."
"The archetype of the buck-fifty romance novel. It's light reading, mildly entertaining, but it's nothing spectacular. It appeals to the weaker sex (make of that what you wish.)"
"I have probably read hundreds of books in my life (a definite book-aholic) and Rebecca is my all-time favorite.  I re-read it at least twice a year and I never get bored with the story.  I believe that the reason why so  many people (read: women) love this book so much is they see a piece of  themselves in the story.  Everyone has, at some time, felt they stood in  another's shadow.  Everyone has, at some time, felt they were haunted by  memories.  Rebecca touches a universal chord in people. Masterpeice Theater  (PBS) did a wonderful production of Rebecca that can be purchased.  I  highly recommend viewing the presentation if you can find it on sometime."
"I loved this book. I cannot stand romance novels. A teacher told me to pick it up for extra credit and I read it over night. I was struck by this story of love, decit, and murder. It was a page turner."
"The thing I love the most about ""Rebecca"" is the way the author tells the story. When I read it, I feel as if I'm at Manderley with the second Mrs. de Winter. Also, Daphne du Maurier never mentions the second  Mrs. de Winter's name, and I think that is truly unique. This book has so  many plot twists, that it makes one wonder how she got the idea for the  story. This book is truly a classic."
I THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS GOING TO BE A CHORE BUT THEN LATER ON I FOUND OUT THAT IT STILL WAS.J/K  I LIKED THE BOOK AT THE MIDDLE AND THE END BUT THE BEGINNING WAS REALLY BORING!!!!!
"I had to read this book for an English class, then I had to write an 8-page paper on it.  The paper was due within a week, plus I had to read all 380 pages!  Well, I thought it was going to be a chore, but to my  surprise, I loved it!  I just couldn't put the book down.  The twists and  turns totally keeps the reader interested.  I'm not even going to sell the  book back to the bookstore--I'm going to keep it and read it all the time.  I can't say that about too many other books I've had to read for that  class.  Or any English class for that matter."
"I loved reading that book because it was very interesting. At the beginning I knew never how the book would end. In the middle of the story I had a completely different opinion of Rebecca than at the end, and that makes the whole story very exciting. When Maxim told his second wife what Rebecca was like, I could understand her. I could identify with her feelings at that moment and it was clear to me that she was still in love with Maxim. My guess  is that Favell may have burnt down Manderley. The English is easy enough and you will understand it very well."
"A Good Read At the beginning of the book, I found it difficult and sometimes boring to read. There were many words, which I haven't known before. But the wordlist we received, was a good help. And as I'd read about twenty pages, I found the book suddenly better than before. I began to read it at home to know what would happen next in the story. And so I had to think a lot about the story, because I found it really interesting. But the end of the story isn't very good. I was surprised that it ended like that. And I was also surprised as I was told us that the second Mrs de Winter had mixed feelings for her husband, and that she was only together with him because she wanted to have a better life, more money. I did not realise that before. I don't know. Perhaps I didn't understand that part of the story. Still, I found the book good and interesting! In one word: A good novel with an end that nobody would expect!"
An Interesting Novel  The novel is very interesting. It's easy to read. What intrigues me is the fact that the author doesn't tell us the name of the new Mrs de Winter. The relationship of Mr and Mrs de Winter is very complicated because it isn't only a relationship of love.
My opinion about the book Rebecca isn't very good but not very bad either. I think Rebecca is a very interesting and a thrilling story. But sometimes I had a lot of problems to understand who did what and who is who. I think the reason for this is because I didn't understand everything. But the book is still worth reading and gripping for anyone who understands a little bit of English.
"All in all I liked reading Rebecca. It was interesting, but not always. There were also boring passages. But I liked reading it because it's a thrilling story. Sometimes I had little problems with the different persons in the book, so I didn't really always know who was who. Otherwise I didn't find it very different to understand."
I found the book fascinating. I very liked it to read because it isn't difficult to understand. The story is thrilling and interesting because nobody except Mrs and Mr de Winter knew that Maxim had killed Rebecca. The murder was well organised. I really liked the dog Jasper because he always did exactly what he wanted to do. But I hated Favell.
"I think that Rebecca is a very good book. It was never boring to read it, it was always so exciting because I never knew what the end would be like. In school we have also seen the film of ""Rebecca"" and I found it not so good as the book, because in the film the persons have sometimes had other character traits. For example Mrs. de Winters was a bit stupid, meek and weak there. But the film was good to understand some scenes of the story. I thought a lot about this book and I want to give praises to the writer, Daphne du Maurier."
"At the beginning of this book, I was very puzzled because there a lot of different characters were introduced. But if you go on  reading, the rest is  very interesting. Rebecca is a book you can read and understand even if you aren't an expert at reading English literature yet. A thrilling book of love and fear that I can really recommend."
"Rebecca is a thrilling story. I've read it willingly. It's not a nice story. Mrs de Winter has a lot to bear but it makes her stronger. I find that this book shows the power of love. Because without this belief in love  Mrs de Winter would not have hat the strength to fight for her husband. The end of the story is hard. I thought that it would be a ""Happy Ending"" but that's only half the truth."
The beginning of the book I found quite boring. But then it became very interesting and thrilling. If you like detective stories it is a good book for you. I would read it again. Someone who does not like waiting should perhaps read something else.
"I thought this was a pretty average book.  It could have been a lot better.  I didn't get into it after the first 150 pages because it was extremely boring and there were a lot of random things written in it that didn't need to be in the book because they didn't add to it at all.  I skipped a lot of paragraphs and even whole pages because I couldn't stand how boring it was.  But as it went on it got a lot better and I became much more interested.  It was a good story and must have taken a lot of thought to write.  But once in a while it was confusing and I sometimes had no idea what was going on.  But overall, I think that I liked it because it really wasn't too bad and I would have given it a five-star rating if it only was more interesting in the beginning."
"Rebecca is the riveting and romantic tale of a country girl, trying to fill the shoes of a deceased goddess.  The story takes place at Manderley, a beautiful mansion over looking an English bay. Rebecca, an elegant mistress, has recently died and her widow, Maxim, decides to remarry.  He marries the narrator of our story who is a shy, simple girl now placed in the spotlight by the well-loved deWinter reputation.  She must battle the previous standards set by Rebecca and her known way of life. At times she is frustrated to the point of tears, not thinking she fits in. She discovers shocking truths and an abrupt turn of events changes everything.  du Maurier does a wonderful job of leaving surprises at every corner, and keeping suspense until the last page.  Although the introduction and some of the descriptions tend to be tedious, don't let yourself put down the book.  The characters are charming and the events breathless.  Rebecca lives up to its reputation as an all-time classic, which should be savored until the very end."
"This book boasts one of the perfect opening paragraphs, quite similar in ""instant classic"" feel to the 1st paragraph of The Haunting of Hill House. Manderly features as largely as any character, benign and malevolent, shelter and trap.  And in the end, I can't bear that it is no more.I really feel that Maxim is awful and the narrator is a twit.  But neither weakens the story; they're just ideas of their time."
"My friend recommended this book to me and so I decided to read it. It was a bit boring at first, then i got into it and i could not put it down! I recommend it to EVERYONE"
"I had heard so much about rebecca but never really considered reading it .Finally irritated by all that i heard ,i picked it up and couldnt put it down ( it's true.. my sister even yelled at me)This is a reallly awesome book as it stresses on characters really well.The name of the protagonist ( caroline) is given just once in the whole book( which is kind of exasperating) but adds to the period drama the best part is that the characters are entirely convincing.They are extremely well drawn especially those of Maxim deWinter , Frank  and of course, Rebecca.Even Small characters such as Ben, Bee and Favell do great justice to the intense plot.Most of all, the transformation of  the new Mrs.de Winter is truly reviving.This  book will keep you in susppense because it will take turns when you least expect it to and leave you yearning for more. Dont miss it! i recommend Jane Eyre and Pride and prejudice too!"
"I had to read this book my sophomore year of HS for English class.  I loved it!  And now it is part of my collection, along with its sequels.  Plot twists, humor, romance, suspicions, and a surprise ending all roled into one.  A young girl (never given a name) meets a sophisticated older widower named Max deWinter while on holiday.  They marry and return to his mansion, Manderley, where the girl lives in the shadow of Rebecca, his first wife.  Rebecca drowned in a sailing accident near Manderley...or did she?Sit back and enjoy the great ride DuMaurier takes you on in this can't-put-it-down page turner.  You won't be disappointed!"
"I first read this about ten years ago when I was in high school and have since read it at least three more times.  It continues to keep me interested (rarely do I read books more than once).  I am a reader and could read just about anything I get my hands upon, but I think even a moderate reader would really enjoy this.  The book is suspenseful and riveting, but also has romance for you romance readers.  This is one of the few books that I have read that totally surprised me.  Usually I can predict the outcome or come pretty close to figuring out how a story will end, but the first time I read this I was completely wrong (and happily so) about how it would end.  Wonderful read!"
This is the most amazing book in the world for a young girl coming of age.  i greatly enjoyed it because of the mysterious past of Mr. de Winter and  also because it is full of the narrators emotions. i recommend it to anyone ready to sit down and open a long book full of excitement...
"I had to read this book during the summer before entering high school. At first I found this book to be utterly boring, it is very long and very detailed at the beginning -- characters are very well developed -- especially the famously unnamed narrator. However, if you can get pass the first three-quarters of the book, it is very enjoyable. The plot is dark, mysterious and the outcome of the book is very ironic. I found myself upon completing the book to be very surprised and wanting more to read."
"The librarian suggested this book for me becasue I had told her I needed some reading that actually stimulated my thought process. And  Rebecca was perfect. With the whole book set up like one big flashback, it keeps you wondering what happens next. Daphne du Maurier excellently uses foreshadowing to keep the reader in suspense as she follows the lives of Maxim de Winter and his second wife. It is literally bone chilling, and when the book is all over, the reader is left with a feeling that they lived through the book's main events alongside Mrs. de Winter. I would highly recommend this book."
"I read this book for the first time this year, some 50 years since its been written, and it hasn't lost its magic!  Du Maurier leads you in mystery down a particular path...and BANG! hits  you with a  ""IWOULDHAVENEVERGUESSEDTHISINAMILLIONYEARS"" plot. A must read  (then you can watch the movie if you want)!!!!"
"This page turning classic left me speechless! Du Maurier captures the true essence of a scared young girl only known throughout the novel as Mrs. DeWinter.  Without a family to turn to, Maxim DeWinter,a wealthy land owner  with a tainted past, proposes marriage and sweeps young ""Mrs.  DeWinter"" off her feet.  This page turner provides unexpected twists,  deceit, love and the transformation of an innocent naive girl to a  confident woman. This novel is truly worthy of one's time!"
"This page turning classic left me speechless! Du Maurier captures the true essence of a scared young girl only known throughout the novel as Mrs. DeWinter.  Without a family to turn to, Maxim DeWinter,a wealthy land owner  with a tainted past, proposes marriage and sweeps young ""Mrs.  DeWinter"" of her feet.  This page turner provides unexpected twists,  deceit, love and the transformation of an innocent naive girl to a  confident woman. This novel is truly worthy of one's time!"
This has been and will always be my favorite book of all time!  It is an incredible love story and is very suspenseful along with vivid descriptions and an amazing twisting plot.  I love it!
"""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley...."" Daphne du Maurier's haunting tale of a naive young woman who cannot escape the shadow of her wealthy, older husband's previous wife, Rebecca, who was adored by  all who knew her. But in trying to overcome her feeling of inadequacy, the  young woman (who is never given a first name) finds a terrifying secret  about her beautiful predecessor. One to add to your collection."
"Rebecca was one of the best books I have ever read, a true page-turner.  Some would say the beginning was slow, as did I before I read the whole novel.  Now I see it was perfect, a slow beginning that increases during  the entire plot.  A masterpiece that is enjoyed even more every time one  reads it."
"I had rented the movie Rebecca and loved it so much I had to buy the book. Rebecca is one of my all time favorite books. I'll never forget how I had to do a report on the book. I was so into it, I was the only person in my  class to get a hundred. Rebecca is a true classic."
"A deeply moving, suspense filled romantic novel.  One can really relate to what the narrator is going through, trying desperately to fill the gap Rebecca left.  The unexpected turn of events left me breathless, it was so  sudden, when it came towards the end.  I thought the ending was a little  unresolved, but I guess that adds to the mystery of the book.  The novel  starts with a beautiful description of Mandereley, very poetic writing, in  fact, but it may bore some readers.  Otherwise, a fantabulous novel by Du  Maurier."
"I didn't read ""Rebecca"" until I saw the second half of the Hitchcock directed movie on PBS, and I became totally obsessed with knowing how it all started. I borrowed it form the library the next day and raced  through the 358 pages to see the differences between the book and the  movie. The book- as usual- was better than the movie. I love the book so  much, I am writing about it for my research project in world lit."
"the book tends to drag on at parts, and in other parts it'll rush . . like music, but unevenly . .  the description in it is lush, but sometimes grows old.  i don't see how it makes a great suspense novel, since it  doesn't make one sit on the edge of their seat, biting their nails, dying  to know what's going on, but it does make one hell of a romanticist book.  has a lot to do with the heroine's emotion and philosophy.  this book lets  you dig deep into her psyche."
Rebecca is about a young girl who falls in love with a millionaire who owns the house she's love since childhood.  She finds out deep dark secrets about her husband's first wife that could ruin his husband forever....but  will she tell...or will anyone find out?  That's for you to find out in  this book.  I gurantee you'll like it.
"I first read ""Rebecca"" when I was 13, and read it several more times in high school. It's been about ten years since I last read it--and it managed to hook me once again. Rushing home from dinners and drinks with  friends to pick it up again. Staying up late reading, even though I know  the ending. Rushing to get ready for work so I can finish just a few more  pages. While I can't say this a literary masterpiece, I can definitely say  this is one of the greatest _stories_ ever--well-told and suspenseful."
"This is probably the best book I've ever read.  I love to go back to it and read parts of it again.  The settings are wonderful, the main character was so easy to identify with, and you cannot put it down.  When you're  done, you wish there were more of it.  I take this book with me when I go  away, just because I know I'll never get bored if I have it, and because  it's kind of about travelling in a way.  This book will appeal to everyone,  I think, and I would really recommend it."
"I first read ""Rebecca"" for a school assignment over the summer, but I have read it over several times since then.  I could not help but fall in love with Maxim DeWinter, and as the novel progressed I became  engrossed in the lives of everyone at Manderly.  The book is intriguing and  suspenseful to the very last page, and the secrets of Rebecca are shocking!  Daphne DuMaurier writes with an ease that makes ""Rebecca""  pleasant to read.  Although not on quite the same level as  ""Rebecca,"" the sequel ""Mrs. DeWinter"" provides a  wonderful sense of closing to the story of Max and his young bride.  Anyone  who enjoyed this novel would also like the romantic drama, ""The  Thornbirds"" by Colleen McCullough."
This was a truly wonderful book. I loved the movie (Joan Fontaine) so much that I bought the book and the book absolutely amazed me. I could identify with the main character so much and even now that I have read it so many  times I still flip back to passages anywhere in it just to read them. I  even take this book with me when I travel because it comforts me. How many  times does a book do that??!
"This is an excellent book that mystery readers of all ages will enjoy, I'm sure.  It does start out a little slow but all the information the first few chapters give you is important, don't put it down even if you get  discouraged.  And for those people who only read the beginning, I would  like to remind you ""Don't Judge A Book By It's Cover"" and the  same goes for the first few pages."
"I enjoyed the mysterious setting of the book.  I often felt sorry for the main characters of the book, but I think that they would not have been as affective if they had acted different.  I almost wanted the book to end  different, but the ending was very fitting to the rest of the story.  I  also liked the fact that there were subtle hints through out the book about  what would happen in the ending and afterwards.  This is a book that is  best read in an English class because there is some symbolism that I would  have missed if I had not done this in class.  This is not a book that I  would normally just pull of the shelf because I am not normally into this  type of literature, but I did enjoy what I read.  I think that most anyone  would enjoy this book even if it is not their first choice.  The part of  the book that I liked the least was when Mrs. Danvers was showing the  speaker around Rebecca's room because it seamed that Rebecca would come in  the room, and because of Rebecca's seemingly perfection.  I think that no  one is perfect and do not make acceptions for Rebecca.  I also disliked the  way that the speaker always seemed to make social blunders.  I do think  that this book was well written."
"I enjoyed the mysterious setting of the book.  I often felt sorry for the main characters of the book, but I think that they would not have been as affective if they had acted different.  I almost wanted the book to end  different, but the ending was very fitting to the rest of the story.  I  also liked the fact that there were subtle hints through out the book about  what would happen in the ending and afterwards.  This is a book that is  best read in an English class because there is some symbolism that I would  have missed if I had not done this in class.  This is not a book that I  would normally just pull of the shelf because I am not normally into this  type of literature, but I did enjoy what I read.  I think that most anyone  would enjoy this book even if it is not their first choice.  The part of  the book that I liked the least was when Mrs. Danvers was showing the  speaker around Rebecca's room because it seamed that Rebecca would come in  the room, and because of Rebecca's seemingly perfection.  I think that no  one is perfect and do not make acceptions for Rebecca.  I also disliked the  way that the speaker always seemed to make social blunders.  I do think  that this book was well written."
"I read Rebecca for my 11th grade literature class.  I really enjoyed this book because of its mystery and suspense.  The plot is a romantic one, but it isn't your usual ""happily ever after"" ending.  I found myself  caught up in the world of Manderly and its affairs.  The story centers  around the second wife of Maxim de Winter, owner of the famous Manderly  estate.  The pretty, graceful, and cultured Rebecca, Maxim's first wife,  was killed in a sailing accident.  The new Mrs. de Winter has no idea of  what she is getting into when she arrives at Manderly.  She constantly  feels criticized and compared to Rebecca, especially by Rebecca's loyal  maid, Mrs. Danvers.  She wonders if Maxim is still in love with Rebecca and  imagines herself as only a companion to him, although she is deeply in love  with him.  Suspense and mystery grows throughout the story as the new wife  discovers mysterious things about Rebecca, Mrs. Danvers, and many others.  The reader is in for a surprise ending, but will enjoy the outcome of the  story."
"Rebecca was an excellent book. After analyzing it  and Daphne du maurier for an english project, i found it to be an excellent book. THe only thing i wasn't thrilled with was the end, which was very unrealistic. It is  written in a very good way which adds to the suspense that builds as the  story goes on. however, if you are a person who does not enjoy endings that  are inapropriete and end up ""happily ever after"" i would not  reccommend it. For me the suspense overided the ending."
"How sad is it that by current standards, Ms. Du Maurier's manuscript would never have made it past the Reader's desk at an editor's office?  Ms. Du Maurier introduces her characters at a  pace that today would be considered  slow and unmarketable.  But this is one of THE classics, filled with  mystery, suspense--one of the true thrillers.  And all of this without  blood, lacerations and decomposed corpses in the first chapter.  I remember  reading and seeing the movie years ago as a teen, and gripping the edge of  my seat.  Now, as a mystery author, I could only wish to write a clever and  exciting story such as this!  Editors and publishers in the large houses  should re-read this and remember what writing a thrilling mystery is about."
"""Last night I dreamed I went to Manderley again..."", I was captured.  Probably one of my top five favorite books, ""Gone With The Wind"" being first.  I simply loved this story and the way it is  written.  They don't write novels like this any longer.  The words and  sentences are more clipped and spartan nowadays, and while I can't put down  a John Grisham novel I also couldn't put down ""Rebecca"".  And how  many people noticed, I wonder, that the author never mentions the second  Mrs. de Winter's first name, whereas the name of the first Mrs. de Winter,  Rebecca, dominates everything!  You must read it."
"This book is one of the all-time greatest works of fiction, combining suspense, romance, and character development, all wrapped up in a mystery that is literally not resolved until the last page.Modern readers should  treat this story as a period piece of sorts; American readers in particular  should bear in mind the differences between British  and American  cultures, and also the historical differences (Rebecca was published in  1938), otherwise they are apt to find the story 'slow' or 'dull.'Like  any great mystery writer, du Maurier throws out subtle clues in the first  third of the story; about halfway through, she begins to resolve these  clues, and from then on, the story races at full steam.  *Don't let* the  seemingly slow introduction stop you from finishing the book; patient  readers will be well- rewarded when they see how brilliantly du Maurier  sets up her surprises.The story revolves around the unusual marriage of  the young, unworldly narrator (whose first name is never revealed, one of  the book's charming idiosyncrasies)to the brooding 'landed gentleman,'  Maxim de Winter.  When she arrives at his grand country manor, Manderly  (the house is perhaps the book's most potent character), she is immediately  confronted by the other characters' feelings about Rebecca, Maxim de  Winter's flamboyant late wife.Perhaps du Maurier's greatest  accomplishment, character-wise, is the way she develops Rebecca, who is  already dead when the main action of the story begins, and never really  appears 'on-screen,' so to speak. Rebecca is very much alive in the  memories of Maxim, the house servants, friends and family members, but most  crucially, of her personal maid, Mrs. Danvers (and also of Rebecca's sleazy  cousin, Jack Favel).  It is Mrs. Danvers who becomes the greatest nemesis  of the narrator, and who makes the frightened young woman feel utterly  unwanted and unloved in her new home.  If Rebecca truly does haunt  Manderly, Mrs. Danvers is her conduit to the world of the living.After a  treacherous episode that almost brings the narrator to the breaking point,  a string of coincidences alters everything; the narrator learns the truth  about what turns out to be a lot of mistaken assumptions. In the process,  she herself grows into a far more confident person.  The last quarter of  the story is an absolute masterpiece, as the action takes one turn, then  another, then another.  And even when it seems that all the clues have been  resolved, du Maurier saves one last whammy for the final page.I first  read this book twenty years ago, and it made more of an impression on me  than just about anything else I've read since.  I re-read it from time to  time, and gain a new insight with every perusal.In short, Rebecca is a  wonderful, wonderful novel, and not to be missed.  I can't recommend it  highly enough-- read it, linger over it, enjoy it, and read it again.  It's  a true literary achievement."
"I happened to pick up this book by chance, and I am extremely glad I did.  From the time when the plot started taking shape, it enthralled me.  I was very surprised by the way things turned out, and it was probably the last  thing I would have expected.  The characters were truly portrayed well, and  while I can say that I did not always agree with their actions, I was  rooting for them the whole time.  The language was beautiful, the romance  was charming, yet frustrating at times.  The ending left you yearning for  more, and I cannot wait to read the conclusion.  If you have not read this  book, I strongly suggest you do."
I read Rebecca when I was in high school. Since then I read this book periodically. There are very few writers who can write a wonderfully sensuous love story. Ms. Dumaurier stands out in that category. Her books  have the right blend of romance and mystery. It is indeed a pity that this  book is out of print on Amazon.com.  Reading Ms. Dumaurier's books is a  special treat for me and I try to savour them since there will be no more  of these books.
I thought that Rebbecca was a little confusing in the beginning but the middle and the end were great! Once you got to the middle you knew what the beginning meant. I would reccomend this book to people who like a creepy  sort of scary book. Once you got to the middle you could not put it down.  I'm eager to read the conclusion Mrs. DeWinter!
"i had to read two summer reading books for school and rebecca was thnkfully one.  like all school books i thought it would be awful,  much to my surprise i loved it.  this book is a charming stroy of a woman that  marries a rich man whose late wifr suposidly died in a boat accident.  all  along thw un named woman compares herself to rebecca( the late wife)  thinking the oppisit thing than what was the truth.  this is a must read i  highly suggest it."
"cool, classy, romy, sleek, sheeck, scary"
"Rebecca was one of the most involved books I have ever read. The book starts out slow, but then picks up as the new Mrs. DeWinter begins to discover the secrets of Manderly. Plaugued by the housekeeper, Mrs.  Danvers, who was loyal to her first mistress, Rebecca DeWinter, Maxim's new  wife has trouble fitting in. Soon, murder comes into play, as the young  Mrs. DeWinter discovers that Manderly isn't as innocent as it seems."
"My mom reccomended this book to me and when I started reading it seemed a little dull, but not before long I was enchanted by it and I couldn't put it down! It was full of suspence, mystery and romance! I think it was very  true, the thing one person had said about Rebecca being so powerful because  she had no soul. I liked the un-named mrs. de winter too. The ending seemed  a little sad though, and when I had finished, I went back and read the  first 2 chapters again and they seemed to make alot more sense. It was one  of the best books i have ever read , don't get thrown off by the first 2  chapters though, if you work through them this book will grow on you more  and more...happy reading!"
"I THOUGHT THIS WAS A BORING NOVEL AT THE BEGINNING BECAUSE SHE JUST DESCRIBED THE FLOWERS AT MANDERLEY . AFTER SHE GOT AWAY FROM MRS. VAN HOPPER THINGS STARTED CHANGING. WHENEVER SHE GOT MARRIED TO MAXIM I THOUGHT THAT IT A LITTLE NEAT BECAUSE AS I SAW SHE WAS KNOW LIVING HER DREAM OF GOING TO MANDERLEY. I DON'T LIKE IT WHEN SHE'S ALL BY HERSELF WITHOUT MAXIM BECAUSE HE HAS GONE TO LONDON OR WITH FRANK.WHENEVER THEY HAD THE FANCY DRESS BALL I THOUGHT IT WAS NEAT. MRS. DANVERS GAVE HER THE IDEA. SHE IS SO WICKED WITH HER COLD SELF.I'M REALLY GLAD THAT NO ONE FOUND OUT ABOUT MAXIM , BECAUSE I THINK THAT REBECCA REALLY DESERVED IT EVEN THOUGH SHE WAS A BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT.I THOUGHT IT A STRANGE TWIST WHEN THE ENDING WAS A HAPPY ENDING. IT WAS SUCH A GREAT BOOK.I LOVED IT."
"This is probably the best book I have ever read. It is one of the best books in the world.  The characters are wonderful, the setting, everything is perfect. It is a mystery/suspense novel, but also great literature."
"This book is extremely thick, just a warning. The beginning is really slow moving and you may find yourself reading through it painstakingly. But towards the end, you can hardly stay in your seat. The story gets interesting and more mysterious by the moment. Daphne DuMaurier is da'bomb!"
"I loved the book Rebecca,it was so unpredictable.the book kept me wanting to read more and more.You described everything very well,especially manderly.I've read many books in this erra,and I must say Rebecca was the most exciting. I really can't wait to read  Mrs. DeWinter,and find out what really happens.  Thank You For Your Time."
"I had to read the book for my class and know have to research DuManurier,Daphne the author. I am in Eight grade and read The book for Mrs. Bodak a teacher in Rosehill Middle School and i thought that it was going to be a weird story but it puts you in the charectors position I felt like I could feel Mrs. danvers eyes burning trough my back i know you would love it because i loved it."
The book Rebecca was really wonderful.  I couldn't put it down.  Max Dewinter is a thrilling and mysterois character and the ghostly Mrs. Danvers is to die for.  Manderly estate is a place anyone dreams for...masses of flowers and exquisite balls.  Rebecca was a wonderful book which I recomend strongly!
"The best love story ever written, Rebecca, has arrested the readers attention by its perfect narrative skills and surprising suspense. The romantic elements coupled with the `shadowy' appearence of the dead heroine, whose name is the title of the novel, stirrs the marrow in one's bones."
"A girl,Rebecca meets a men when she is in a hotel.They fall in love and marry.Then they go to his house,a beautiful house.But all the time she has the feeling he has secrets for her,things that have happened in his past.Rebecca finds out these secrets,and after fights,love and passion they can open up to eachother and live happily ever after,thoough their house has been set oon fire by their housekeeper."
"The book Rebecca is sensational. It is very suspensful; and full of excitement. Wonderful novel. It ingeniously mixes drama with suspense with romance, and murder! Definately a classic. Enables you to form own opinion on end. Read it!"
"Rebecca has to be one of the greatest novels out of the thirties.  Daphne du Murier tries to incorperate the old-fashionedness of generations past while giving the narrator a ""modern thirties woman"" outlook.  Characters and moods are very well constructed and although Du Murier uses the  same words over and over to describe them, she makes them seems realistic.  Another very wonderful quality of the novel is that the author has captured emotions so well- the feeling of fear right before awakening from sleep, the difficulty of trying to hide emotions from someone who is very well-known to the character.  These are so masterfully done.  I love this novel, and though some would argue at the periodness of it, the qualities brought out from the narrator are captured with the style and grace that only Du Murier can seem to do."
"I concur with everyone else's high praise of ""Rebecca."" For another book in the same vein, I suggest that du Maurier fans try Anya Seton's ""Dragonwyck"" (if you're lucky enough to find a copy!)."
"The story started out like a flash back. The author was decribing Manderley, a happy valley. The story start when Mr. De Winter met this young girl and fell in love with her. To me the story move in a slow pace in the beginning. I was a little lost, but when the truth came out in the middle of the story, it just blow me away. After knowing that Mr. De Winter killed Recebba, I couldn't stop reading the book. I wanted to know the ending to the story. The ending had a great twist. I was shocked and pleased with the ending. I love the book and I think everyone should try reading it."
"Haunting and beautifully crafted, Rebecca is a book you will return to again and again.  Perhaps the last true example of the ""Gothic"" tradition, this book was the basis for the beloved Hitchcock film.  Memorable as the film is, the novel is deeper, richer, and more rewarding with each reading.  Not to miss by anyone who loves a good story, gripping characters, mystery, and the masterful usage of the English language."
"I was hooked from the first sentence. Literally. I flipped it open to see what it was all about, and from then on I was lost, empathizing with the insecure young girl who tells the story. I lived with her in what seemed a fairytale dream that turned into a rending nightmare. I shivered at things that normally wouldn't scare me, but, with strained nerves, became hair-raising. Ms. du Maurier has written one of the best Gothic novels of all time. Every sentence builds to a sudden ending that makes you think that there must be more. But you have to supply it yourself. I, too, dreamed of Manderly last night..."
"Often marketed for teenaged girls, Rebecca is actually the last of the great novels in the Gothic tradition.  The first of the great Gothic bestsellers, Jane Eyre, serves as template and inspiration for Du Maurier's haunting story of the triumphant power of evil.  There is the ancient, enormous manor house, Manderly (Thornfield), the romantic, father-lover Byronic hero, Max DeWinter (Edward Rochester), the frightening servant with a BIG secret, Mrs. Danvers (Grace Poole), a lonely, orphaned heroine who sees herself as clumsy and homely, rather than innocent and lovely, the Narrator (Jane Eyre),  the bildungsroman of the heroine growing into wisdom and loss of innocence, the great house as symbol of corruption hidden by surface beauty, the colossal and hidden past mistake made by the Hero, devastating fires, and love so passionate and enduring it overcomes unthinkable misfortune.  Du Maurier was haunted by Bronte, it's clear, just as her unnamed character is haunted by Rebecca.  Rebecca, whose name is everywhere, and the Narrator, whose name is nowhere in the novel.  The skill to make such an odd twist of nomenclature is only one that Du Maurier practices in the tale of secrets, horror, love, and redemption.  Or is it redemption?  She leaves the question open just enough to bring you back to reading Rebecca time and time again, just as the name of Rebecca's sailboat, ""Je reviens,"" predicted.  (Je reviens:  ""I come back"")"
"Daphne Du Maurier spins the tale of a nameless maiden who marries Maxim De Winter, the wealthy owner of Manderly. When everything seems like a fairy tale, a twist of murder and mystery are all that it needs for a thrilling addition"
"REBECCA is the underlying novel for the Academy Award winning Hitchock classic movie and a recent Masterpiece Theater entry.  REBECCA is a story seen through the eyes of a young girl who we only know by name as the second Mrs. DeWinter.  She meets the charming, dashing and much older Maxim DeWinter in the South of France while she is employed as a paid companion.  After a whirlwind romance they marry and he wisks her off to his hom e in Cornwall:  Manderley.  Manderley really is the main character of this gothic romance.  The girl projects all of the insecurities brought on by youth and inexperience onto Manderley and the title character Rebecca.  The most enjoyable part for me of reading REBECCA is the description of the house and grounds, the dishes and the bushes.  Maybe Martha Stewart read REBECCA in her formative years.  Daphne Du Maurier departs from the classic ""whodunit"" and is more concerned with the character of the place and the people involved.  She shows us magnificiently how perception and reality can be almost diametrically opposed at times and the consequences of our often wrongheaded but very natural assumptions about other people and their motives.  A wonderful read"
"""Rebecca"" is an absolutely outstanding book. While combining English charm and elegance with the arrogance of the aristocracy, Du Maurier creates a sense of intriguing charm and superb realism. One can sense the mysterious surroundings at the ever-elegant Manderly mansion while still remaining attached to the haughty Mrs. Van Hopper introduced many years before. ""Rebecca"" is well worth anyone's time"
"Rebecca is an enchanting story that captures your attention and won't let go until the last page is read.The second Mrs. DeWinter arrives at Manderly to a house filled with memories of the first Mrs. deWinter, Rebecca.  Rebecca, it seems, was the perfect woman; beautiful, sociable, intelligent.  Manderly and the people who knew Rebecca have were shattered and shocked by her death. As the second Mrs. deWinter discovers all of the things that made everyone love Rebecca she begins to feel like she doesn't belong.  Will she ever find her place at Manderly?A mystery encased in a love story, Rebecca is filled with descriptions that make the story come alive and keeps you turning the page to find out what happens from the enticing beginning to the surprising end."
"This novel is about a rich, hansom, man name Maxim De Winterwho has a dark secret about his ex-wife--Rebecca. This novel is about his marriage with his new wife, which is the narrator of the story.  Throughout the book, Rebecca's death seem to hunt the whole town espicially Maxim's new wife.This book was fabulous.  It was a very interesting,trilling mystery and exciting book.  You don't want to put it down. Kelly So"
Rebecca is a compelling novel full of mystery and suspense.  A reader is immediately thrown into the world of Mrs. de Winter and the house of Manderly.  The plot could not be better and I could not put the book down  from the very beginning.
"Reading this book for my summer reading was great!Even though the first chapter didn't get my interset,the rest(of the book)got my attention so much that I couldn't let go of the book.The book gives a new spark to  romance and mystery."
"I just finished reading this novel for the second time, and though I knew what was going to happen at the end, the magic was not lost. I admit the first two chapters do not grab ones' attention; but the rest of this  wonderful novel is worth the wait. I am also aware that some found the  extensive detail boring and unnecissary, but I felt that it only added to  the suspense and entire flavour. I would recommend this classic to anyone."
"Rebecca was a wonderful movie, but an even better book.  The beginning was extrememly slow moving but once the characters were introduced and the plot picked up I found myself being drawn into the magical world of Manderly.  I  would recommend this book to every one!"
"Rebecca may start slow, but you are quickly taken into the story. It is one of those books you just can't put down."
"An all-time classic.i'm 14 and it was an easy read for me and it kept me in constant suspense.i saw the movie after i read the book,and the movie is nothing compared to the novel!!!!but the movie does do a  pretty fair  job.its fun to compare the two.i thought it was fascinating how you the  main character was never fully identified. READ IT,NO MATTER WHAT YOUR TYPE  OF BOOK IS!!"
"For my school summer reading requirements, Rebecca was an option that I chose.  Although the first few pages were slow, it picked up quickly as the un-named narrator's life began to change.  I read through it in 3 days I  loved it so much!  I recommend this book to anyone looking for something to  bring to the beach with them."
I think that this novel is about a lot more then romance and mystery. It is about the power of sex and how people use it. Rebecca was a women who was  born with the knowlage of a mature adult. She spends her life  expanding that understanding .DeMaurier gives you just enough glimses of  her to tell you that the reasone that she is so powerful is that Rebecca  has no soul. No one with a soul would do what she does to that horse at 16.  She was also a woman who has an appatite for both men and women. This is  not evedent untill you read the novel as an adult. It is also a very  powerful exploration of the differences and the simmilarities betwene men  and women.This is a very powerful novel and I recomend it to everyone.
"I read this book when I was in 8th grade and i was able to appreciate how well it was written even then.  It holds your attention untill the very end and keeps you guessing. I don't want to give anything away so I will let  you read it yoursel.  If you can't decide whether or not to read this book,  then let me help you. Yes you should read it.  Now that that mystery is  solved buy the book and try to solve the compelling mystery about Mrs.  DeWinter"
"My mom brought me this book from a library, and it looked rather dull, so I never got around to reading it.  Then I was bored one day, and remembered it.  So I got it out and began my journey to Manderly.  As many other  people have said, it was a bit slow in the beginning, but it does get ever  so much better, so for those of you who didn't make it all the way through,  you really should try again.  The book was extremely well written, and the  plot was terrific.  I especially loved the way the characters (mainly the  un-named Mrs. De Winter) felt and thought in some of the same ways that I  do.  I haven't seen the mivie yet, but plan to, and I can't wait to get  my hands on the sequal.  This was a really excellent book, and I recommend  it to everyone!"
"One of Daphne du Maurier's finest novels. Rebecca is one of the best romantic suspence novels of our time. In Rebecca the rich hansom Maxim de Winter, seems that he can't get over the loss of his first wife, the beautiful and accomplished Rebecca. He then goes to Monte Carlo where he meets and supposedly falls in love with the narrator of the story. She then goes to his house the haunting house called Manderly.Which is run by the sinister Mrs. Danvers,who worshipped the ground Rebecca walked on. The narrator gets caught up in the life of the former mistress of Manderly Rebecca. This novel is a stunning portral of the fine writting style of Daphne du Maurier. Readers get hooked and don't want to let go until the end"
Daphne Du Maurier has done a wonderful job in her story.  Rebecca is one of her finest works.  The characters are so real and the story is very intense and addicting.  You never really know the outcome until the last words.  A must read for all
"This ia a good old fashion love story and murder mistery all rolled in to one exicting page turner of a novel.  It also teaches younger readers and reminds older ones to trust and believe in the one that you love, things are always not what they seem"
"Thirty years ago a high school English teacher wouldn't let me make a book  report on REBECCA because she said it was ""junk.""  Now I am  amused to see that high school students have it on their  honors reading  lists.  It is nice to know that  REBECCA is finally acceptable because I  always  thought it was a great addition to ""literature"" as well  as being brilliantly entertaining."
"I read Rebecca this summer for an Honors Engish class in my freshman year  at high school. The first two chapters were the most boring things in the  book, but I urge readers to keep going! I love the way that DuMaurier hides  the secrets of Manderley until the day that Maximilian deWinter is forced  to tell the truth to his shy and lonely wife! It's such a twisting and  grueling plot-way before its time! Mrs. Danvers is also a diabolical  vilaness, with her suggestion of Mrs. deWinter's dress at the fancy dress  ball. Ohh! I can't get enough of ""Rebecca"", and I doubt others  will either!"
"""Rebecca"" is a very slow read in the beginning -- too much  blabber about landscapes and flowers. But do plod through. If you can get  through the first 80 pages you're in for a real treat. A timesless classic  of love, jealousy, evil and murder. After you read it, see the movie  starring Laurence Olivier."
"This was such a great book! It started out a little slow, but go so  interesting, and though nothing really happened for a while, the words just  made you want to read, and read.. Maxim de Winter meets a shy, plain girl  who is accompanying an older woman, Mrs. van Hopper, in Monte Carlo. Soon  they marry, and she becomes the second Mrs. de Winter, and finds herself  living in the shadow of the first Mrs. de Winter, the beautiful Rebecca.  Everything about Manderly, the place she lives with Maxim, is how Rebecca  wanted it. But Rebecca was killed in a boating accident a year ago. The 2nd  Mrs. de Winter is afraid to change anything, because of the sinister Mrs.  Danvers, the main housekeeper, who was very fond of Rebecca. But soon the  second Mrs. de Winter finds out some things..and learns the secrets of  Manderly. The ending was really a surprise, and I loved all of this book.  It's a MUST read!"
"Daphne DuMaurier's novel, ""Rebecca"" was one of the best novels I  ever read.  She really knows how to describe the scene.  I could picture  the beautiful flowers she described.  It went kind of slow when Maxim  wasn't around, but that made me want to read ahead.  I read this book in 3  days, I couldn't put it down.  This book was assigned as a summer reading  book, so I was surprised when I actually liked it.  I finished it a week  ago, but now I find myself reading it again.  Also, the movie  ""Rebecca"" with Joan Fontaine and Laurence Olivier was very, very  good.  They only changed it a little but besides that it was wonderful."
"A long time ago, I heard a phrase that struck me as odd: ""They had everything -- money, power, love -- everything, except happiness."" How could that be?  The only answer I could come up with was health problems.  A couple of years later, I read ""Rebecca"" and now I know.Maxim De Winter meets a shy, young, naive girl in Monte Carlo.  After a very short courtship, they marry.  The girl comes from a family of no distinction and previously worked as a companion.  Maxim De Winter comes from a semi-aristocratic family.  He has a lot of money and a house called Manderly.  Manderly is a famous landmark and has even been featured on post-cards.  After their honeymoon, Maxim and Mrs. De Winter come to his house which is haunted in every way imaginable by the memories of Maxim's first wife, the beautiful, intelligent, the darling of the society -- Rebecca.It is in this house that Mrs. De Winter finds herself very unhappy although she has Maxim's love, money and power... You just have to read the book to find the most shocking truth.This book is very dark, following in Gothic traditions.  It presents very interesting characters...It is a novel to be savoured."
"This has to be one of the best books I've ever read.  I couldn't put it down.  I loved it so much, it was such a magical story.  Just when you thought you had it all figured out, DuMaurier adds a twist.  This is a must read"
"i read rebecca for the first time when i was 16, but i still find it thrilling each time i read it over. Daphne Du maurier is unquestionably one of the best novelists of our time. the whole setting and mood of the book is over shadowed with mystery and suspence and you get the feeling that all is not what meets the eye. the story starts to build the minute Max tells the unnamed story teller how he killed rebecca and how he hated her. after that, there is no relief from the building tension as the story reaches for the climax. but just as you think relief is in sight, Du maurier surprises you again, as the real climax does not manifest until the very last line. the heavy sense of irony is apparent in the very fact that the whole novel is based on a person who  has been dead for a year. rebecca is truly a marvelous literary acheivement."
I totally loved Rebecca!  It was extremely well written.  It really was suspensful and you just wanted to keep reading!  Rebecca was the late wife of Maxim De Winter who had just brought home a new wife.  The new bride struggles to live up to her position and discovers the real truth about Rebecca along the way. You will love this book.
This book is a must read!! I first read this book nearly 15 years ago in high school. I loved it then and I love it now.  I hung on the edge of my chair waiting to see what would happen next!!
"If you like this book, try reading Stephen King's Bag of Bones.  He refers  to this story often and it's a really great read!"
"I had always heard that ""Rebecca"" was a wonderful piece of literature and had thought about reading it ""someday.""  Then one day I picked it up at the bookstore and fell hopelessly in love.  It was  far beyond my expectations.  Heartwrenchingly beautiful and elegant, I  understand why it is a classic.  Though it starts a bit slow it only gets  better and better until the abrupt ending that makes you gasp!"
This book caught me from the very beggining with beautifly written  descriptions of the dream.  I never lost interest  This book was simply  brilliant.
"I was highly pleased with the content. The setting allowed for the stories  characters to grow.  Although, it has been quite sometime since I have read  this book, I remember how involed I got as the plot progressed. REBECCA is  a sensational book of character suspense.  I really enjoyed reading  REBECCA.  I feel that if you have read  Daphne Du Maurier's book you will  want to read it again."
"I really really liked Rebecca.  I can't agree that the first half of the  book was slow, because I have a really short attention span and if the  first half of the book had been slow I would never have gotten to the  second half of the book.  I found it fascinating and involving from the  beginning.  And as I said before, it is creepy (almost gives the feeling of  a really subtle ghost story-in a way I guess it is), tense, (because you  really worry about the fate of poor Mrs. de Winter and Maxim) and  frustrating (because Mrs. Danvers is so detestable and the narrator is such  a wimp and lets Mrs. Danvers get the better of her over and over.)  But  it's readable and entertaining as well.  I really reccomend it.  Go for it."
This has got to be the best book I've ever read! It keeps you gripped to  the end and then has an unexpected twist. I strongly recomend it.
"I enjoyed Rebecca very much, which surprised me, since I prefer action  stories and generally dislike books written by women.  There were times  when I wished more would happen, but the author's fine writing made up for  any slow parts.  I can see why this book has become a classic, and I  heartily recommend it to anyone who appreciates fine writing.  Daphne  DuMaurier truly exhibits a rare talent for prose."
This book is very good.  I had seen the moie and enjoyed it so I read a  copy of my grandmother's.  As said in other reviews it was terribly boring  from the beginning to middle.  The second half is however unparelled by  many others.  The writer has my vote whenit comes to suspense and surprise  books.
"Readers will be caught in a tanglement of murder, mystery, romance,  hypocrisy, loyalty, submission, and suspense as they turn the pages of  'Rebecca'.  This book convinced me that Daphne DuMaurier is my favorite  author.  Rush to get her other mystery novels such as  ""My cousin  Rachel"" and ""Not before Midnight"" and treat yourself to an  evening of macaber."
"After the first two chapters, which are filled with ambiguous, ramblesome  prose, readers (like myself) may be tempted to give up. But those who  trudge through it will find themselves richly rewarded.  Once the young,  nameless protagonist marries the charming, wealthy Maxim de Winter and  moves into Manderley, his sprawling country estate on the coast of England,  the story leaps to life.  Married life should be blissfully idyllic for the  new Mrs. de Winter, but she finds herself entrapped by an overwhelming  sense of gloom, overshadowed by the ghostly presence of Maxim's former  wife, Rebecca.  As events slowly begin to fall into place, Mrs. de Winter  begins to suspect that there is more to Rebecca's supposedly accidental  death than she has been led to believe.  From there, the story unravels at  a breathless pace, as the de Winters uncover revelation after revelation in  the convoluted plot, finally unearthing the chilling secrets of Rebecca,  what happened to her and why.  The novel ends with a brilliant twist ending  that will chill readers while offering a deep sense of poetic  justice.REBECCA is a true masterpiece of romantic suspense.  It succeeds  on so many levels:  with its vividly drawn characters, its hypnotic,  haunting mood and atmosphere, and the underappreciated virtues of an  intricate plot laced with all the twists and red herrings of an Agatha  Christie puzzle, REBECCA is a classic in every sense of the word."
"I'm sorry, but I hadn't even read the first 50 pages yet, and I was bored stiff reading this book. People told me that it doesn't get better until towards the end, but who wants to wait until then to get to the good part.  In my opinion, a good book should get you interested right away, if not  then, then at least SOMETIME in the first chapter."
"I loved this book. Despite the ""never-ending"" length, I enjoyed reading it. Because of Du Maurier's detailed descriptions of the setting, the reader will feel as if they had been sent back in time. Pay close  attention to the facts of the story, because the ending is a 180 degree  turn in a different direction! I gave the book four stars and not five  because it is very long and some what slow to start start."
"This is my favorite book ever, and trust me I've read A LOT! Daphne du Maurier was a genius, all her books are good, but this one gets the gold star. She writes it so vividly, you can see every occurance. Not to mention  how psychotic she wrote Mrs. Danvers. An excellent, excellent book."
"I admit I agreed with the reviewers who said the beginning was slow and they gave up.  But if they had continued and finished the book, they would have realized what a fabulous book it really was!  Absolutely wonderful, I  must have closed the book and said ""wow.""  That's the word to  describe it...WOW."
I have only read about 3/4 of the book so far and i am now unable to put it down!! it is an excellent and also confusing gothic novel but very good a good one to help let your imagination run wild!!!
"For one of my classes we had to read a classic novel and I picked Rebecca because a friend had recommended it. The first of the book was a little over-done, but soon I could not even put it down. Rebecca is a well written  romance-mystery novel and I highly recommend it to anyone."
i tried to read this book but i couldn't even get past the 1st chapter!!!!!!i wish i could have given this book no stars but the least amount of stars was one.
"this book was truely of of the best i have ever read.  i fell in love with it at the first page.  Daphne duMaurier captures the inoccesnceof youth in Maxin's new wife, and how strong love is.  she wrote a web of character  that you felt you knew and you can't help but feel sorry for.  Mlle.  duMaurier found an aboslutely perfect fit for the end to this story full of  twists, turns, mystery and in the end true love.  a spectaculare book that  anyone will love."
"An incredibly thin story. The author spends most of the pages descibing things as perfectly as she can which, as you should expect, is very tiresome to read."
This is the worst book I have ever read!  Pages and pages of detail with no real story.  I would never inflict this book on anyone.
"To me, this book contained too much detail. There were so many things that Daphine DuMaurier overly described. I bet you that I could cut 1/3 of the book and it would still have the same affect toward the readers, maybe even  more. At first, the book was very boring and I had to force myself to read  it. I finally reached the climax and that's where it got to be interesting.  Too bad there were only 7 chapters left ;). For people who would like to  learn how to write descriptive anything, this is the perfect book for you.  Even though I am a bit skeptical on why everyone else seems to like it so  much, I am glad that I have read it."
"This book is such a treasure. My family has been wanting me to read it for quite some time, and now that I've finished I can see why.  This novel is a perfect gift for a 14-18 year old girl, but all ages would love it."
"this was such a good book!  i just couldn't stop reading it!  this book ate up all my free time!  but i must admit it was well worth it.  a great story.  this book is what romances should be like, we don't need all those  annoying sex scenes"
"This book was intriguing and suspenseful and all the good things a book could be. It ended kind of abruptly, but that didn't bother me because the rest of the story made up for it!"
"This book is on the list of my favorite novels.  I initially read the book since I am a fan of mysteries.  This book, although containing a mystery, clearly escapes the mystery genre, falling into  the category of  great literature.  This novel can be read on several levels.  Try reading  several passages outloud. Du Maurier's prose begs to be read outloud."
"This is one of my all-time favorite books.  Du Maurier's lush narrative transports you into the strange world of Manderley and the new Mrs. DeWinter.  The atmosphere is so strong and complete that you feel the  disorientation right along with this young girl who is trying to make sense  of her new life, and you experience all of her horror as she discovers, bit  by bit, who the first Mrs. DeWinter was.  The plotting is exquisite, and  the theme of captured time is but one of the thought-provoking threads in  this carefully woven tale."
"Rebecca captured me from the moment I open the cover.  The detailed discription of every petal on the flowers, of every facial expression and what it relayed to the reader.  The story swept me away with its  interesting characters and twist and turns of the plot.  As the book  progressed I found myself not just relating to one character in the book  but drawing from each a different aspect of life.  When I read the last  page of Rebecca I was yearning for more.  Wanting to know what happened  next.  I literally read my copy to death.  I had to resort to hard cover  after going through so many paper backs they were falling apart.  I have  read a lot of great books in my years but none that stay with me as Rebecca  does."
"A shy poor girl is swept off her feet by a rich, handsome man who marries her and carries her off to his estate. Sounds like the end, doesn't it? No, that's how it starts. Instead of riding off into the sunset to live happily  ever after, she finds herself in the role of great lady without any idea of  how to pull it off. And then there is the matter of just how the last wife  died . . . Miss DuMaurier turns our expectations inside out in a classic  that was tailor-made for later film adaptation by Hitchcock. Wonderful for  late at night, snuggled up under a blanket with hot cocoa. Arrange  thunderstorm if possible."
"It may begin slowly, but Rebecca is a terrific book that one should not go without reading. It is the captivating story of a young, rather poor girl  marrying a forty year old, extremely wealthy man. The girl thinks her  life with Mr. DeWinter will be nice and (although she wants some  excitement) rather quiet. However, she soon realizes that a terrible secret  looms over Manderley (Mr De Winter's mansion). A must read!"
"""Rebecca"" is one of those rare books that really stays with you long after you have read it.When the second Mrs. de Winter (no first name is given in the book) comes to live with her new husband at his  English country estate, Manderley, she finds mystery and intrigue around  every corner. Mr. de Winter is still haunted by the memories of his first  and beautiful wife, Rebecca. And although Rebecca is physically dead, Mrs.  de Winter will find that she is still very much alive at Manderley.If  you can get past the first few chapters, the story really begins to take  off. The ending should get an award for ""Best Surprise Ending in a  book."""
"I loved this book.  All I can say is that its a classic.  It's got the perfect setting, interesting characters, and the twist at the end that just shocks you...you must read this!  (FYI: If you really liked it, there's  also a sequel out now by Susan Hill!)"
why did the publisher publish this stupid thing? its a waste of trees. i would rather read SPORTS!!!!!!!!!!!FOOTBALL!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was great- My only criticizim was that it was very slow in the beginning. I also think that it could have been much more romantic considering the fact that the two were a married couple-
"rebecca is the string of the book and the character i like most is Rebecca. she is featured as a witted and cunning woman and everyone was under her shadow.But, through the book, we can see that people around her  admired her so much that even if she died, she took control of the  Mandelly. i like her."
"I have read this book (what seems to be) a million times, and each time I read it, I discover something new about it.  Rebecca incorporates all  aspects that are necessary in a classic, and I'm sure that it will survive  the test of time and still be read 100 years from now.  By writing with  such beautiful imagery and captivating characters, Du Maurier creates a  book that you can't put down -- and when you finish it, you want to start  it all over again!"
"Absolutely brilliant....the author has combined a modern falir with the classic approach.  It's not boring like most of the classics, but can be fairly considered a classic nevertheless.  Excellent language descriptions,  a haunting plot and great characterisation.  One can easily relate to the  new Mrs De Winter as she is portrayed so well.  The only thing I didn't  like was the ending...it could have been more resolved, and it was hard to  figure out exactly what happened.  I mean, it ends with Maxim and his wife  gazing at some yellow-orange glare that rises where Manderley.  What is one  supposed to make of that? But other and that, a literary masterpiece."
"I absolutely loved this book! It was a bit slow at first, but when it got going, I couldn't put down the book! It kept me reading and I was also a little spooked at what went on at Manderley. I admire the second Mrs. de  Winter for withstanding the spooky Mrs. Danvers and emerging as her own  person, not as a shadow of the first Mrs. de Winter, Rebecca."
Rebecca was the first mistress of Manderly. Would Maxims new wife be able to fit in Rebecca's perfect shoes?  It didn't really seem like his second wife would be able to take over Rebecca's ways.  Everyday she finds a new  piece to the puzzle and starts to figure out what  life really was like  behind the big doors of Manderly.  Every day the new Mrs. De Winter had to  use Rebecca's pen and sit in Rebecca's chair. She was always being compared  with Rebecca.  Day after day she starts to realise the mystory and day  after day she overcomes her fear and her shyness.  Finally her womanly side  appears.Maxim and her are in love and no secrets will keep them apart not  even when the worst disasters accur!
"Rebecca is the story of the second bride of Mr. Maxim de Winter who comes to live a creepy life at the eerie mansion Manderley where every object, every meal, and the routine of the household seems to have been arranged or  ordered by Rebecca, the late and beautiful, Mrs.Maxim de Winter.  Because  of Rebecca, the relationship of Maxim and the second Mrs.Maxim de Winter is  unsteady and seems to have a gap.  As the second Mrs.Maxim de Winter tries  her best to win Maxim's love, she is provoked by the cold housekeeper and  previous maid of Rebecca, Mrs.Danvers.  Bit by bit, the truth unravels and  the once shy Mrs.de Winter gains enough courage to run the household the  way she wants.  The surprising, but satisfying ending ties the whole book  over, leaving very little unexplained.  Rebecca is truly an enthralling  story that was nearly impossible to put down, for suspense was always in  the air.  In this special edition, there is the original epilogue of  Rebecca and an article that Dapne du Maurier wrote for Countryside  Character explaining how the idea of Rebecca was triggered."
"Rebecca is in many ways a lot like Jane Eyre. Jane and Mrs. De Winter (her first name is never mentioned) both meet and fall in love  with older men when they are very young and still fresh out of school. For Jane it is Mr.  Rochester and for Mrs. De Winter it is Maxim De Winter. The two couples  have short courtships and very suddenly they decide to get married.  Unfortunately Jane and Mrs. De Winter each find that the men they love have  darker and more sinister pasts than they had ever imagined. Jane responds  to this by running away, but Mrs. De Winter embraces the new found secret  because it makes her feel older and closer to Maxim. By the end of the  books Jane and Mrs. De Winter are both portrayed as stronger and much more  mature adult women.But even if you didn't like Jane Eyre I think you  will still like Rebbecca because Daphne DuMaurier combined several elements  that weren't in Jane Eyre to make a fantastic book. She had a wonderful  setting, a suspencful plot, interesting and developed characters, romance,  and a very unexpected ending. Maxim's estate called Manderley is where most  of the story unfolds. When the new Mrs. De Winter comes back from her honey  moon Manderley is still ruled by Rebecca with her servants, her friends,  and her furnishings. The new Mrs. De Winter must live in the middle of all  of this and try to rise up to Rebecca's standards. In this book there is no  way of predicting the future because it takes so many twists and turns. You  never know something important is happening until it is over. My favorite  part of the book was its perfect blend of characters. There was the dark  and loyal (to Rebecca) Mrs. Danvers, the diabolical Favell, contrasted with  well meaning and kind Beatrice, the ever supporting and tactful Frank, and  simple Ben. The reader can easily connect with Mrs. De Winter as Daphne  DuMaurier takes them inside her head reading her fears, day dreams, and  doubts. When all of those ingredients come together you are left with a  gourmet read."
