fantastic
One of the best books  I have read ;)
If you HAD to read this in school its definitely worth giving it a second try without a teacher/professor shoving their ideas down your throat like The Party.
Nothing in the Amazon product description explains this is about 1/5 the original book. I figured it out after buying it when I saw the publisher was Pearson ESL and I know what ESL means. Beware!
This is a great and informative book on what could be.
purchased for high school requirement
Very good literary work. A must read for everyone.
it is a classic
love the binding
"Honestly, I couldn't have made it through the first twenty pages due to the blatant and offensive Anti-Semitic nature of the novel.  Though I understand completely that there is an anti communism message, there are many other classics that have been written before and express it through a much less unsettling way.  George Orwell was in fact, an Anti-Semite and that was one of his most notable traits, describing the most hated person in the world to have ""a Jewish face"" with a long thin nose and an annoying voice, along with remarking a Jewish woman protecting her child as ""idiotic behavior.""  All in all, i find this book highly offensive and frustrating to read."
"Read this book in high school and fell in love. Can't believe this book was written over 50 years ago. Note: The copy of the book I received is not the same as pictured, although still an adequate copy."
"This book is a must read!! Like many reviewers have already mentioned, this book is prophetic. Dark, disturbing, and brilliant. This is the world we are living in today. Read this book and pass it around."
"Having read this as a college freshman in 1962, I remembered the general concepts, but not the specifics of this novel. I was drawn to reacquaint myself with Winston and Big Brother as a result of the political and societal events of today. Although it was to have happened in 1984, it's tone and the level of control it describes is not far off from the direction we seem to be headed.  NSA, CIA, the ""Justice Department"", our court system, and the Secret Service fit in very nicely."
Classic and brilliant.
Great book! Perfect for opening your mind!
"A great peek into the world of total governmental control.  Some great exposed ideas, including the fluidity of reality."
"1984 was written in 1949 during the Cold War and the great fear of the communist invasion. It was rumored that communist spies were living amongst our society and threatened our very way of life. 1984 displays a powerful warning of what fear can lead to. This novel proves to maintain its relevancy even in today’s society, as we fear constant government surveillance under the guise of fighting the war on terror. The novel is not for children as it depicts scenes of torture. George Orwell’s 1984 has become the epitome of a dystopian society.George Orwell’s classic 1984 centers on the totalitarian control of Oceania. Citizens of Oceania live under constant surveillance from the “telescreens” and microphones placed everywhere from their house to place of work. Any facial expression that might show a feeling of distaste towards the “Party” in control will result in arrest, interrogation, and ultimately execution by the “Thought Police.” Even the children are taught espionage and to betray their parents at any sign of dissent from the “Party.” Individuality has been completely eradicated because any perceived eccentricity means certain death.The “Party” has complete control over the history that is presented to its citizens. They use this control to create the image of an infallible presence. Any contradiction to their word will be rewritten to portray the party in the correct manner. Because of the complete control that the “Party” has over its citizens, anything they say instantly becomes fact. The “Party” tells people that 2+2=5 and they unquestionably accept it as the truth. The “Party” seeks complete control over its citizen’s thoughts and even goes so far as to attempt to eradicate the orgasmOceania is constantly at war with either Eurasia or Eastasia and changes throughout the novel. When the enemy changes, the history books are rewritten so that Oceania is always at war with the one enemy. This constant state of war is used to keep the citizens of Oceania in fear of the outside world. Public executions of captured enemy combatants are to dehumanize the enemy and show that only “Party” members are human.The protagonist, Winston Smith, lives with distaste of the “Party”. After engaging in an unauthorized affair with Julia, the two of them seek out the rumored resistance to the “Party”. This resistance proves to be futile as they are both arrested by the “Thought Police” very quickly. After months of torture, Winston completely conforms and accepts that 2+2=5 and that he loves Big Brother."
It was a great book!
"Wow, what a book. Considering it was published in 1947 this is amazing. Seeing how people are manipulated into self imposed slavery by the ""elites""...wow. So much more in this book too, like flat earth, double-think...a reality for the masses and another for the ""rulers"". I have a hard time putting this book down."
"Great Book. Just finished reading it is by far one of the best books I have read.  It is amazing how some of the things we see today can relate to what George wrote back in 49.  The story does not go the way you think it would, and might hope. It is very realistic, in the fact that there is rarely a happy ending to everything, good triumphs over evil. The book is a sad realization as to what people do to each other and how socialism always seems to work.  I couldn't help but think of how people in North Korea might feel and how the people can just let one man control all.  It was also surprising when I got near the end that I realized that the word ""doublethink"" in the book is very much like today's ""political correctness"".  I feel that this is a must read by anyone and everyone."
Excellent look into the future and now the present.
"A classic, just needed a replacement to my old paperback"
I had to read this book in high school and it is amazing to see all these years later what Orwell predicted in his novel.  I purchased this for my boyfriend to read and he was very intrigued.
Interesting book but not for the light hearted
Excellent book.....sad thing is some of what is written in the book is becoming true today......
Just didn't enjoy it. Too long and boring.
This is a  must read. The most satirical way to expose the perils of totalitarianism. A great way to avoid its recurrence.
"The book is dated due to the technology discussed/mentioned in it, but the concepts and principles Orwell conveys are as relevant and applicable as ever. Read the book, then watch the news. Progressivism comes closer to big brother everyday."
Decided to read this because never read it in school. Pretty much describes North Korea . George was ahead of the times.
Great digital fomat of the book. Able to bookmark pages to reference back.The story itself is great! Eerie seeing a lot of the similarities between what Orwell envisioned as his fictitious society and modern times.
Felt the storey was long and drawn out.
"The language in this book is highly descriptive, it's almost like you are there, feeling every blow, every painful moment in Winston's miserable existence. Avid readers who appreciate the use of intensely descriptive language would appreciate this book as well as history buffs. It's one of the classics, I think it should be on everyone's must-read list."
I liked this book a lot. It had very dystopian elements such as the tele-screen. I would recommend this book to any fan of science fiction or dystopian genre books.
"Holy cow, this is a good book. The beginning was tough for me to get through, because it builds so much suspense for the end that its tough to slog through the first and second acts. You are programmed to anticipate a mind-blowing conclusion, and it did just that. I'm still picking up the pieces of my brain as I try to mull over the arguments and political philosophy penned by Orwell.Much, much better than the trashy YA dystopians that are flooding the market today."
excellent book
its a good book; I do see some things in the book that are happing now in some small ways.
A powerful work by a master. It's a must read for everyone. A must re-read for those who haven't read it in twenty years.
Great find.  Required for college.  Fast shipping and great price
We are living this scenario presently. Vaya con Dios!
"I don't usually reread books. 1984 is a book that I reread recently and I love this piece of literature. It's a little scary how close it hints to a world that we could very well be one day. It's amazing to  see, even so long ago, Orwell creating this fictional world with just an ounce of fact. Yes, he was referring to communist Russia at the time, but his work can be applied to any country in the world. Thanks for the heads up, George."
morbidly depressing.
A mind bender and warped reality that is unlike anything I've ever thought about or experienced.  It made me think and made me realize things not only about myself but about the world around us.  Riveting and engaging and definitely worth a read
"Frightening, relevant, sobering. Must read. When I first read it in 1964 I thought it was far fetched fiction, albeit haunting. Today it is clearly relevant as fiction has largely become fact."
good
not for me. my son read it.
Best book ever
The description of the dystopian future was intriguing. Certainly one can see how many science-fiction writers followed in the footsteps of this book. Even so at some point the book becomes far too philosophical. And in the end far too dark.
"GO wrote this novel before it's time. When published no one thought any part of the novel was true. However, in reading the text and comparing 1984  to 2015 one must realize that the corporations are ad dangerous in one as in the other. This is an excellent read for the genre.......ER"
"I remember reading this in 1984 and it being an interesting take on the future of political control in a dystopian world.  Reading it now i almost frightening considering the similarities of ""Political Correctness"" and ""Newspeak"", the constant war against the same, yet ever changing enemy, and the use of modern surveillance in a decreasingly interpersonal world.  This book should be revisited, and often."
"Only continued reading, because of pass reference to it"
Good book
"This is an old book --- copywrited in 1949!  I knew of the book but had never read it until this year (2015).  As I read it, although we did not reach this state by 1984, I was amazed at how close we have come at this point to that described in the book.  The restrictions on words and the management of historical information is especially interesting.  If you have not read this book, I highly recommend it and encourage you to also read the Appendix, ""The Principles of Newspeak.""  The whole book is very thought provoking."
"This is a classic. I didn't buy it on amazon, but read it a couple of years ago. I'd say this is one book that you should read before you die. Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" is good to. Both are truly page-turners and not extensive."
"The paper feels light, and good. My Wife like it."
A must read
"I had read this book in the past but needed to buy another copy for a class. I received the copy of 1984 that was the Pearson English Readers copy (not knowing what that meant on the cover picture). This is NOT the original text, but rather a much shorter and more simplified version of the book. Nothing was stated about this text being any different than the original which it is listed under, so be careful when you purchase this."
Great Classic Novel
Unk it was a gifty
Good
leaves me hollow at the end. great book!!
"(Spoilers) I know this is a classic and I am all about the classics--moniker Classic Lit Fan--but I can't recommend this novel.  I'm a big fan of Orwell's Animal Farm and I understand that this one is supposed to be much darker but the middle part of this story is just ridiculous.  Part One is what most people know as 1984.  In it you have Big Brother watching everything and rewriting history as well as the future and most of the well known quotes come from this section.  If you just stopped there.... Part 2 is mostly the married main character, Winston Smith and his unauthorized ""girlfriend"" Julia sneaking around committing adultery and proclaiming they will never betray each other.  Part 3 is physical torture, psychological torture and more torture.  It is very disturbing even though not exactly what you would call graphic. And all this torture is used just to make Winston confess to all kinds of crimes he did and didn't commit, to leave him a shell of a man, and in a weirdly twisted way end up loving Big Brother. I get that Orwell is warning against totalitarian governments and the extreme measures they use to gain and keep total control over the minds and bodies of their subjects, but the story does not make you root for Winston and his ideas of how things should be. Instead of making you want to fight for what is right it makes you wish for total annihilation to hurry up and come."
"Psychopaths, and the insane control the ruling party of the government while monitoring the lives of ordinary party members. Any sign of rebellion such as a simple look or thought could place the person under arrest. The punishment could be a bullet to the head, vaporization, or tortured into complete submission. The party leaders tell members what they should believe even if 2 + 2 = 5. They also rewrite history to fit their need, redefine words, and mislead with contradictory news broadcasts.Whatever the party says is true and members must agree even if they know that it isn't true. Non-members of the party, namely the working class, are not bothered as they are considered too simple to grasp anything beyond basic wants and desires. It’s the intelligent party members who pose a threat and those are kept under close watch with little to no chance of privacy.Hence the term, Big Brother is watching. Follow the life of Winston Smith, a party member, as he seeks to join the elusive and rebellious group ,known as The Brotherhood , to fight against big brother. Does he succeed or fail? Live or die? The end might surprise. A character driven story that often slows down with excessive narration explaining various terms and politics. Opinions and ideas deduced from the novel are many and varied but to me this is the horror version of ""Alice in Wonderland.""""How puzzling all these changes are! I'm never sure what I'm going to be from one minute to another.""Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventure in Wonderland Kindle Ed. page 28""But I don't want to go among mad people,"" Alice remarked. ""Oh, you can't help that."" said the cat: ""we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad.""Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventure in Wonderland Kindle ed. page 32Recommend to readers who enjoy dystopian science fiction."
"I remember this being an assigned reading book in my junior year of high school. I was never one to like to be told what to do, so had I picked this book out on my own I probably would have really enjoyed it from the start as it falls in direct line with the style of writing that I enjoy, but making it required made it distasteful to me. However I read the book because I always completed my assignments whether I wanted to or not, but once I got through about two thirds of the way through with the book, I read three simple lines that made the hair on the back of my neck stand on end.It's in the tenth chapter of the second part where Winston and Julia have just finished making love in their secret apartment. I did not find anything interesting in this scene because to me it was just like two teenagers sneaking around behind their parent's back. This is something that was the topic of conversation at every table in the cafeteria no matter the clique of kids the table happened to occupy. But then there were these words:""'We are the dead.' he said.'We are the dead,' echoed Julia dutifully.You are the dead.' said an iron voice behind them.""I vividly remember sitting back down on the edge of my bed and letting out a ""Whoa"" and suddenly becoming very interested in the book. I then chuckled at the next like that said ""Winston's entrails seemed to have turned to ice."" The combination of the hilarity of frozen entrails and the creepy iron voice telling them they were dead from behind a picture frame demanded of me to start the book over.While the beginning seemed to lag to me, and there is a lot of repetition about policy and the monotony of life, I was really jarred that this very well could be a depiction of the types of censorship we could experience in the future. And the just weeks ago it feels like Big Brother materialized from the pages of Orwell's book and into the mainstream media in the form of the new Facebook messenger. I am sure apps like this have existed since all of our technology has begun to advance, but this one has been chosen as the poster child. Maybe Big Brother has decided it is time to start watching us, or maybe still, just like with Winston and Julia, Big Brother has been watching all along, he was just always hiding underneath the other side of our screen.Pretty crazy that they chose to have the voice come out from behind a screen isn't it? Since it seems we all live our lives in front of or hid behind screens at all times these days. Just something to think about.This book changed the idea of forward creativity for me, and without it I don't think I would be as intrigued in the development of new creative frontiers as I am for having read this. 1984 very easily may have been what started it all for me, and I am so very grateful."
Great book!
still a great read
"I didn't like the book, but it's still fantastically written. Just because I didn't like it doesn't mean it's not a book worth reading- reading isn't always sugar and cream, and this book definitely isn't. It's a hard truth to something that really is happening today. So the book itself is good, and the product is good, I just personally didn't like the book."
"it was a gift for my mom, who loves this book to no end"
"1984 is a great story of a great year that has come and gone, but this is still relevant now."
The book was better
Orwell was ahead of his time.
This is not the actual book.
"Classic dystopian novel that moves at a good clip, developing an interesting inquiry into the relationship between power, language, ideas, and freedom. It helps to have some background knowledge on the history of communist movements, just to have some sense of where Orwell's coming from. A great place to start one's journey into the now-fecund land of dystopian fiction!"
"1984 really needs no review. It is the iconic novel of the totalitarian state. In fact, the term ""1984"" has entered the lexicon as a synonym for a dystopian future  The world of 1984 didn't happen in 1984, but its power as a cautionary tale is apparently fading since more and more people throughout the world seem to be embracing the concept of the socialist superstate."
"I did not think it was clear in the description that this is a ""simplified text"" - not the unabridged version which my son needs for class."
"Orwell's prophecy is similar to that of Marx's. the fall of capitalism and its offsprings. however, still not convinced on what he meant by 1984."
This well-written book lays out an insightful and chillingly prophetic tale about a power hungry government that has taken over every aspect of its citizens' lives. It really opened my eyes about what we should be working to protect ourselves from as we move into the future.
good
"Reviewed By: Caleb JiangISBN-10: 0451524934ISBN-13: 978-0451524935Number of Pages: 328 pages  1984 is a dystopian style book that was the first of its kind. Written in a time right after the atomic bombing of Nagasaki and Hiroshima in Japan, this is Orwell's ingenious take on the kind of country he thought The Soviet Union was. In most ways, he was right. The book 1984 and The Soviet Union both have a totalitarian government. There are police that will torture you and kill you if you think rebellious thoughts or do rebellious things.  There is rations on everything and the only thing the television ever shows is pro-government propaganda. So, what's unique about 1984? Is it just a book describing life in The Soviet Union? Well, not exactly. 1984 seems much more futuristic with ""telescreens"" that are constantly monitering your activities in your home. The government also not only shoves a lot of propaganda in your face, but also brainwashes its citizens. It forces its citizens to ""doublethink"". Doublethink is when you think that two completely opposite things are the same. For example, The Ministry of Truth alters history with a bunch of lies and The Ministry of Plenty gives smaller rations each day. However, with doublethink, if you received 1 gallon of water yesterday from the Ministry of Plenty and only 1/2 Gallons today, you will think that this is a increased amount of water because the Ministry told you so. You need to be able to doublethink to understand doublethink. Your memory will literally be nonexistant in Oceania, the country where this all takes place. At least, that's the goal of The Party, the government of Oceania. In my opinion, this novel provides a sort of insight into what our government will turn into is the CIA keeps on spying on every part of our daily lives. The novel details how a governing body can completely turn you into a mindless, brainwashed slave. You, the reader takes the position of Winston Smith, a not yet brainwashed citizen that secretly hates The Party. There are plenty of surprises and plot twists throughout the novel makes everything you thought before different. This philosophical journey is slow in some parts, but it'll all be worth it in the end. If you want a book that you can't stop reading once you start it, this one is for you. One last thing, pretty much all of the book takes place in a time when Oceania changing their language from Standard English to Newspeak, a language with such limited vocabulary that it makes it impossible for rebellion to happen. There will be a bit of a learning curve as you learn a bunch of new words that never existed until now.This book is appropriate for ages 13+ or anyone looking for a classic for their high school essay in their English class."
I wish it was still mandatory reading for high school kids today. This is precisely where we are headed as a society unfortunately.
This book should be required reading as part of learning about the workings of our government and understanding the gift of freedom our founding fathers bestowed upon us.
"This book is as relevant today as it was when it was written, maybe even more so.  Everyone who considers him or herself informed needs to read this to complete his or her education."
Cheap and just what I needed
Great book!
A true classic that is just as relevant today as it ever was.
"It amazes me how such hard hitting topics that touch and can affect everyone can be discussed in such raw detail from a hypothetical scenario presented in the past and can still be so relevant. We have been very fortunate as to avoid such a scenario here in America, but the risk of this becoming reality is even more pressing now than ever before. This book could open up many topics for discussion, but the more important matter is what are you doing about it? So what are YOU going to do about it?"
"Written in 1948, Orwell's vision is time wise off the mark, but much of it has come true today. The invasion of privacy, via the Internet, perpetual war, class struggles, power held by a few, and all the propaganda to control the general population. Plus doublethink is alive and well today by various governments. The general public will never really know the why of perpetual war. Theories abound. Torture is common place in many parts of the world. Disappearing people is also common. I hadn't read it in some 30 years from the first reading. Further he writes extremely well. I ask myself the same questions Winston was always asking himself. He ended up like the main character in ""Cuckoo's Nest"" by Ken Kesey. Sad but true about life is all about being controlled by the power brokers. Take a look at corporate greed. At least we do know about it.But anyone anytime can be ""vaporized"" in todays world."
Very dark novel.  Too much detail describing torture.
I have read this book many times over the years. Everyone should read it.
I bought this as an extra class copy for summer reading for my students.  It has been well used already this year as students have looked up textual support for their statements.
"I'm like 80% sure someone's already said this, but doubleplusgood."
It's been a long time between reads. So glad to have picked it up again.
Overrated.  Great concept.  Poor execution.
One of my favorite books of all time. I cried at the end the first time I read it through. Very moving.
"How socialism was imagined to take control and how it's taking. That's what we need to see. And how, that is, by destroying individuality, destroying autonomy and the thought and the heart. Socialism and liberalism are the source of dehumanization and the annihilation of human soul and all its faculties. A warning of what politics without God and virtue can become."
This book is amazing. I wanted to throw it at the wall because of the ending. It was great though and conveys a strong message.
Relevant today
nothing better than a classic
This is an excellent read; a classic.  It is an excellent tutor about our current Totalitarian Government.
Cool take on dystopia but not a fun read.
It would not download.
"This was a re-read from long ago, on the other side of 1984. It was a futuristic, almost sci-fi story back then. On this side it is just a dark and depressing novel with a lousy ending and parallels to some aspects of current events, technology intrusions, and international politics."
"This book was required reading when I was in high school. I can't imagine these anti-intellectual yo-yos cutting it out-but thank goodness it is still available. A story of hard hitting satire from a couple of generations back. Read it, and discover what you are missing. It's not too late."
"This may be banned, this review, but this is the state of our country right now, or at least moving toward this.  If and when you read this book, look at it in terms of what is happening today, which is a very sad state of affairs."
The book arrived sorta bent.
Enjoyed listening to it.
"There is a reason that this is a ""classic"". It unfortunately is prophetic."
"If you do not read this book before you die you have failed at life. It is the best work of fiction ever written, end of story."
Hoping that Winston can defeat the party as the story reaches its conclusion and inevitable ending that you know is coming.
Great read.
"I won't rewrite the story here, but I will say that it is famous for the Big Brother reference. Seriously, you can't say NSA without the guy in the same sentence!I read it just to understand what they mean when they say that and I gotta say, when you understand the meaning behind it, you can see what they mean when they talk about the phone tapping."
Enlightening....eye opening.
If you haven't read this since high school or ever its a must read in light of the state of the world today.
Orwell wrote in 1940's like is today....all government control...sad state of affairs.Should be compulsory reading in American schools... makes one want to throw up at how far down thisroad we have come. Things have to improve....NOW !!
A classic tale well told.
"1984 was written in the 1940s by George Orwell. In the novel, Orwell pessimistically predicted the most bleak, depressing future possible given the frightening post-WWII political climate.The world of 1984 is controlled by totalitarian communist regimes. In the fictional mega-country of Oceania, this quasi-government is called ""The Party."" The goal of the Party is to subjugate individual human impulses, thoughts, and desires to the will of the whole. This is maintained by an endless series of rules, monitoring, and ceaseless propaganda.Winston, the protagonist, feels that life isn't as it should be, despite the endless propaganda. He finds small and large ways to rebel against the system without getting caught. But 1984 is far, far darker, bleaker, and more pessimistic than similar books in the genre, like Ayn Rand's Anthem or Lois Lowry's The Giver. Orwell doesn't allow any cliches in his book. Winston hates totalitarianism, but he is far from virtuous. And, without going into further detail--do not expect a happy ending.Orwell paints such a complete picture of a totalitarian triumph that the reader is left with little to no hope. 1984 is a cautionary tale, and Orwell was sending a clear message to society--""Don't let it get to this point."""
Its a classic for a reason. I love the narrator and if you have never read this it is a must.
"Well known, interesting book."
My daughter is reading it for class and doesn't care much for it.
Just like foretelling the future and scary.
"Having read book first in 1973 I am now seeing this book not as metaphor, but reflection of what our world and society have become. Sadly I read this, but have hope that all are not mentally numb to this."
"It was a great book, sometimes a little slow. I found it very depressing, not that its a bad thing."
A classic well read
"Such a strange book, but captivating!"
"This story is a very good read! While it may lack some current technology,it is good food for thought. Look over your shoulder,is Big Brother watching you?"
Thank You
I'm double thinking about this book! Mind blowing.
A must read. As relevant now as when it was first published
"Although the book starts off at a slow pace, it really picks up in part 2. Part 1 provides the info needed to traverse the novel. Part 2 is where the meat, the hook, of the novel picks up. And part 3 is where the sadness of the novel comes into realization. My favorite part of the novel was the Afterword by Erich Fromm. It really made me think about how we use some of Oceania's concepts in present day U.S.A.. Well, that is my review."
"1984 is a must read for any science fiction, or post-apocalyptic buff."
Wanted to read this book for a long time. I wanted to find out the reference to big brother. Page turner couldn't put it down after I started.
Good read!!!
"I'm not sure if I liked this book or not. It was very different then what I'm used to reading.  My lasting thought was, umh..."
"This is the scariest book I have read in my life. It is also one of the best books I have read. Although it is a fictional book, many of the petrifying things that occur in the book (a big government, propaganda, spying, police state, brainwashing) and the many methods through which these are achieved or maintained are things that have occurred in the past and that are occurring presently. This book is in my opinion, A WARNING; a warning against giving more power to the government and consequently less freedom to the individual. The environment in the book resembles the Soviet Union, Germany under the National Workers Socialist Party (Nazis), China under Mao, and most likely resembles North Korea the best. This is perhaps one of the best books you could read. Get it and SHARE IT!! I would also recommend reading Animal Farm by him also, before reading this one."
Only one star deducted for quality not for content!A must for the future before Fahrenheit 451 becomes a reality.A shining star for governmental or labour organization.Five stars if cost and quality came closer; maybe I'm cheap but a must first reader!!
Classic that should be read by everyone!
excelent
"Required for an English literature class- was definitely a bit boring for me but able to be finished. Maybe it was just too deep, lol!Third person limited on a middle aged white dude (I think?) who lives in a totalitarian society. He thinks middle aged thoughts and wants to destroy the government."
"I have never read a book that made me as utterly I'll as 1984.  Is this genius, prophetic or just plain fiction?  I don't know, but I do know that it was hard to distinguish where my heart began and my gut stopped..."
One of the best books I have ever read.
it was interesting the first half and then just took a boring dive.
"Saw the movie many years ago, and decided to take on the book. It's a great story, for the most part it moves along at a good pace (apart from part 2)."
GOOD
"Really can't put any better comments than those from famous critics.Glad that I finally read this book.It's intriguing. Don't be fooled by its political greatness, it's a good story by itself with vivid characters."
This is a must read if you are concerned about america. It will open your eyes to the tactics being used in todays society.
So many things from the book are happening RIGHT NOW! It makes me wonder what I need to do to change the trajectory of our current society. Read it years ago and poo pooed the details. Not this time.
I read Atlas Shrugged and then 1984. They are similar with totally different conclusions. It was really thought provoking to put these two classics together. Anyone with this kind of interest in society behavior should read both books.
"I love the story, the themes, the message of this book; however, reading it was extremely painful and I wanted to gouge my eyes out. The pace is terribly slow. The story drags and drags..."
a clasic
"Re-reading 1984 as an adult, I am struck by how amazingly well written and completely thought through it is. As so many recent distopian novels make their way to the big screen, they seem childish compared to Orwells work."
Thank You!
Just like most I wanted a victory for Julia and Winston. I found myself cheering for the both of them hoping in some way they could end up together escaping the chains the Party had instilled. A great read but sad ending.
Book was fantastic. No complaints
"Some of the principles of Ingsoc are permeating our American Government and New Media. How long can we expect to have freedom in this country when our Government becomes perilously close to that of Oceania, Eastasia, & Eurasia? It's time to wake up!"
Good!
"I expected more direction in the work.  It started well but dragged through its political diatribe to end nowhere.  Winston came, he saw and he was beaten.  Then he was turned out to live out his days.  The end."
very interesting considering the era it was written
a look into a world where Obama is president forever. Thank god for four year terms.
Will be used for a paper I'm writing.
"Must read, great story"
"A classic ominous story that should be required reading for all humans on planet earth. If your local high school has taken this off the list of required, you should contact the school board and make sure they add it back in."
It is quite amazing that in 1948 he was able to convey things that are happening as of modern day . 2015 things like this are occurring and the American ppl still have little real freedom...
"They forced me to review this book before I even read, but it was recommended by a good Freind and he said it was great so 5 stars"
greatest book of all time
"Hey kids! If you want to get away from the many poor dystopian novels that seem to plague the YA genre these days, then look no further than 1984!! This book will actually teach you something and make you want to learn about the political atmosphere at the time that Orwell was writing (Communism, am i rite??) Political commentary blah blah blah. Yeah, much of the book is spent describing what society is like, but unlike a lot of previous Utopian/Dystopian books (like Erewhon or News from Nowhere), there's a story here that's actually entertaining. It takes a while to manifest, but read on, and you won't be disappointed."
A must read for all people and a bit depressing.
"It's a high school throwback, but actually very relevant in the current times. 1984 forces you to think deeper about society and what we deem acceptable. I would definitely recommend reading this book again if you haven't lately.The best part about this book is the ending; it makes you think about it for a long time."
"Still has valid and scary points for are day of age. While true it was wrote during the red scare it still stirs up thoughts of today's events. Great read if you have not want if you have, read again."
First read in high school and was even better second time around.
"In my mind, 1984 is one of the most important novels ever written. This ""cautionary tale"" explains the way a tyrannous government operates, and at the same time, packs an emotional wallop apropos of the two main characters. In addition, this work is constantly referenced in popular culture. Simply stated, this book is a must read!"
Great book with so much relevance even in today's political landscape more so in developing countries where citizens cannot even form civil societies due to fear of persecution
"Even though I skimmed some areas, especially THE BOOK part. In the end this book struck a chord in me, as it probably does all people."
Good edition of a good book
"This is a compelling, thought-provoking novel, where even your thoughts are not your own. An amazing account of what could happen to our society.  ""Who controls the past, controls the future: who controls the present controls the past."""
Good book
"I originally read this book back in high school and actually finished it within a day. The story keeps you engaged as well as having a good plot. George Orwell describes the characters very well as well as details of other things within the story such as the structure of the totalitarian party as well as other characters. At points, I swear I could feel what the main character Winston was going through. Even though I will not spoil the story, I will tell you that this is not a ""happy story"" with a kind of ""hero saves the day"" ending. This book brings up what was believed to be a genuine concern from the past in a very descriptive, yet depressing way. I don't know how Orwell pulled this off, but this turned out to be a very good book that kept me engaged the entire time.Also, if you do happen to run across the movie, I would definitely recommend watching it. The movie is becoming exceedingly rare, however shouldn't be too hard to track down. It is spot-on with the book and gives you more of a visualization of the story. I would recommend!"
"When I first read this I was surprised by how dark, and depressing society was for the characters. I do think that it should be required reading for those in High School, so as they are old enough to understand the points the book was meant to convey."
"Extremely dense and fun vocab and usage, an allusion to modern day police state/ government rule. Ending is dreary but fulfilling"
its a good book
"Classic, should be mandatory high school reading."
Good read.
Not very exciting. Interesting and great concept but not my sort of read.
Not my cup of tea
classic story which will probably become true at this rate... already on our way.
I read this book in high school and had to have a copy on my bookshelf. I could read this book over and over again because of the unique plot. The characters are well formed and the factuality of how people may have felt the future was because of the wars I just love this book so much!
"The only Orwell book I had previously read was Homage to Catalunia, this was the first fictional one. The story is interesting and the performance is agreeable."
"Didn't like this. Complete Borefest. First off, it's not my typical genre, but I still tried to really like it. I wanted to. It's a classic after all. Now I'm left to wonder ""what in the world constitutes a great classic?"" From what I can tell there are a whole lot of ""classics"" that just plain ol' suck."
Classic
"Brand new, shipped before expected, great value"
"The dystopian genre is easily one of my least favorite genres in literature. However, every genre, no matter how bad it is, does have its gem. 1984 is that gem. But it boggles my mind on why it is so good and lacking in cliche. Maybe it's because this book was written WAY before the dystopian boom caused by novels like The Hunger Games and Divergent. Maybe it's because it doesn't focus on sappy relationships. Maybe it's because they didn't force the evil government it created down our throats. But more likely, it is all of this combined. It holds barely any cliches. It does something original for both a modern audience and an audience for the people of 1949 (when this book was released). The relationship that is built up in this book doesn't take over the story and is treated more as a devise to smartly show the world's corruption more than to show the characters. If I were to say everything amazing about this book, I would be hear for hours. But I will keep this shorter and say that I can't recommend this book enough. Simply put, it's a masterpiece."
Orwell's 1984 is a prime example of a classic novel that should not be forgotten. Highly recommended to anyone!
Really good book some parts are pretty slow though
"An amazing forward thinking book, which is more relevant today than when it was written.  A book that will never be outdated."
"For a novel written so long ago (1949), it is amazing how Orwell predicted the future behavior of governments towards their citizens.  Anyone who believes that big government can be paternalistic and caring for its citizenry without destroying their freedom and happiness in the process, should read this novel.  Hopefully, it is still required reading wherever schools still seek to educate their students instead of just indoctrinating them."
The quality of the book is fairly good
"I believe '1984' is standard reading for many high school/college English classes, but it wasn't in mine. I decided to read it on my own this summer, and boy am I glad I did.1984 tells the story of Winston Smith, a man who lives in THE totalitarian government, wants to fight back, and isn't entirely sure how. He is watched almost all the time, must be constantly on guard against showing dissent from the party, or else he will be disappeared. While he and similar characters aren't exactly brimming with personality, they don't need to be to make this book good.The greatest thing about this book is the government itself. A common saying in this book is [paraphrased] 'he who controls the past controls the future, and he who controls the present controls the past'. Orwell goes into detail on how to accomplish this, and delivers on all of the horror, both stated and unstated, that goes along with it. The even more classic line 'War is Peace' is brought up, and explained in such a way that I even found it plausible in a severely twisted sort of way. And the worst part? All of this misery, terror, and oppresion? It's entirely believable that it could happen to us. The government doesn't need any sci-fi tech to take absolute control, and they don't need it. Heck, North Korea is doing something similar right now!One minor thing I have to say I like is the prose. A lot the book I've read that are sixty years have a lot of archaic grammar and word choice. 1984 doesn't for the most part.I recommend this book to anyone interested in classic literature, second only to 'Catch-22' in my list of books you should read. So, you know, buy it."
I did not read this in High school or college and had it on my running list of books to read. The best thing about this book is how relevant it is to society today and how detrimental being PC is to individuals and society. The book is 65 years old and arguably more relevant today than when it was published. If you have ever thought about reading this book you should.
"If you have not read 1984, you need to!!!"
"Finally got around to reading this after years of thinking about it. I believe it started off slow then got better, dragged in the middle then left you scratching your head in the end. The ending was expected, but I was still left wondering, what just happened."
A very good price for this classic
It's a classic for a reason.
I'm in the summer of my senior year of high school and was disappointed I never read this classic in school so I decided to read it for fun. Now I see why it's so popular. One of my favorites of all time now
This book will make you think and terrify you once you do.
"Awesome, even the second time around"
"This book predicted so many complainants of modern life, from the rewriting of history, to the surveillance state, and the deconstuction of the English language to suit political purposes."
"""Published in 1949, Orwell’s 1984 is a dystopian novel set in a tyrannical world. The Party and Big Brother, the Party leader accorded quasi-deity status, control all as part of an effective superstate with omnipresent government surveillance, manipulation of all citizens and continuous alterations of history to make whatever spoken to have always been and have happened. This is the world Winston Smith inhabits, a talented rewriter of history and part of the system, a world in which he harbours dangerous, nonconformist thoughts of individualism, truth, freedom and rebellion.There is so much this book covers – censorship, the power of the state over the individual, history and its recording, nationalism, surveillance, individualism and more. It does not skate over them, merely mentioning them but truly engages by making them an integral part of the world and Smith’s struggles. Because of this, I found the book quite dense and could only read it in small doses, having to frequently put it down to give my brain a chance to reflect and mentally refresh before willingly plunging in again."""
A  cautionary tale written in the mid twentieth century with lessons for today.Study the past and do not disregard the importance of mistakes therein. Cherish the family and your memories.
Everyone should read this at least once.
Am glad I read this classic and see in it a lot of what is happening today but it was an unsettling book.
"This is perhaps the best dystopian/science fiction book I have read ever. Yes, you're probably heard that claim before. But I'll tell you why. This novel is very, very thought-provoking. It simply made me think, ""if I lived somewhere like that, would I do what Winston did?"" (I'm trying really hard not to give anything away) The novel is also very depressing. I'm not kidding-I think I cried 4 times reading this book. Now, the first time I read it was when I was in 8th grade. It was not required for any class-I simply wanted to read it. So I am not biased or anything because of a lame teacher forcing me to read this. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Also, although I understood most of the topics featured here, I realized that I appreciated everything about the book much more when I was older. I begin comparing it to my own life, and relating to the characters. The text is also not hard to understand at all-it's not old English or anything. I would definitely recommend everyone to read this (Well, not everyone. It's more for mature audiences.)"
Just amazing
Should be require reading considering the Utopian hysteria that has overwhelmed the country in the past 6 years. Amazing how he predicted the future. Just had the years wrong. But we do have a big brother government.
The concept of government intrusions are well taken. I did not !like the way Orwell's 1984 ended {2+2=5}. Winston wasa beaten by  Big  Brother:
"A classic I was required to read in high school in the 1970s; which took on new significance, albeit for a short duration, with the Apple Macintosh introduction commercial in 1984; and which is still relevant."
Ok
classic
"A great dystopian novel, which still carries weight."
It may be just a story but it accurately portrays where we in the USA are headed if we don't move to the right with limited government and moral leadership.
"I gave four stars because while I don't actually like this book, it gives you a great amount of food for thought that I'm still chewing over months after reading it. It was scary how accurate Orwell's predictions were. No matter how you feel about the message, you can't deny that it's well written and well before its time. I would recommend every person living in modern society read this book."
My favorite book.
"There is a reason this book is considered a classic, it is very thought provoking."
Rings true. I feel like GO hit the nail on the head. I couldn't live like that. Not ever. Never.
"Along with Yevgeny Zamyatin’s We (1924) and Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World (1932), George Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four (1949) is the one of the most powerful and important dystopian novels every written, and unquestionably a work of science fiction thanks to its depiction of a future totalitarian regime that controls every aspect of its citizen’s mental and physical existence. It’s hard to imagine any educated person in the English-speaking world who hasn’t heard the terms Big Brother, doublethink, thoughtcrime, and Newspeak, even if they’re not sure exactly what they mean. It’s also likely that many readers were exposed to the book in high school English or Humanities classes, which is a good time to read any important book. I’d say this book has probably had a greater social and political impact than any other work of speculative fiction. Who, after reading it, could possibly see any merit whatsoever in a totalitarian government, even if it governs ostensibly for the good of its citizens?"
"Some parts are dragged out, but good. The audiobook was very well done. I read half and listened to the other half."
very good read
It's a book that operates on 2 levels.  The first is a compelling story of love and rebellion under nearly hopeless circumstances.  The other is a analysis of the most absolute form of totalitarianism imaginable.  The book is a cautionary tale of what the world may become unless we are vigilant in defense of civil liberties.  It is one of the few novels that must be read by everyone everywhere.
"""There is violence, but it's not the violence that is most frightening. It is the utter destruction of will and self. It is the mind rape. I know a lot of people find the use of the word """"rape"""" in these context(s) offensive, but it's the only word I can think of for what the Ministry of Love does. It smashes your brain in with metaphorical - and occasionally literal - hammers and then builds it again. And the thought that it has happened before, and that it could happen to us, frightens me beyond comprehension. It is chilling and brilliant and it is hard-core, terrifying, plausible dystopian at its' very best."""
"I know it's a ""classic"" but that doesn't make it good. Well, it IS good, only not great. The ideas in it are, though some of them are incomplete and/or mistaken, but the work as a whole viewed as a work of fiction - a novel - an art work - is no more nor less than good.Worth a read, but after reading it (or in stead of) I'd recommend Ayn Rand's 'Anthem'."
Great book.  I had heard of this book for years.  I am sorry I did not read it sooner.  I enjoyed all of the twists especially at the end!
I read this book in college. It was a must have.
Orwell's classic.
"This book hardly needs another review from anyone.  Published in 1946 it is very closely based on Orwell's views of Stalin and the Soviet Union of that time.  While it has been most quoted for its thoughts on doublespeak, doublethink and the phrases that War is Peace, Freedom is slavery, etc, the real thrust of the work is how to alter the consciousness of human beings to believe wholeheartedly in anything that the state proclaims as true.  In this sense, it is a work illustrating Althusser's concept of ""interpolation."" although Orwell writes before this theory is defined.  It is also closely based on Evgenij Zamyatin's work ""WE.""  It is worth reading, but gets very wordy and often boring."
I do not like the categories Amazon uses for their book reviews. To deduce a complex piece of artwork like this novel to one word descriptions is an insult to the genius of George Orwell.
Very interesting book with a lot of imagination for its time.
Thumbs up
"I really enjoy this book. I have read it twice now and often times I find a book boring the second time 'round. I know many young people dislike this book because it is a required reading, but I feel it is really important to understand the lesson from this story. A very real lesson of what America could become if we are not careful. My favorite feeling when reading this is it not feeling it is outdated like so many other classic novels. It feels relevant."
Most depressing book I have read ever!
Old but still relevant.. Classic!
It is time to re-read this dystopian classic. We seem to be moving closer and closer to living this nightmare.
"Classic book, should be required reading for anyone who cares about politics, their country, free markets, etc. This book in particular focuses on over-reaching government power, how it corrupts, removes personal liberty and freedom, etc."
"A truly incredible, frightening tale."
"This is a book that everyone needs to reread as an adult.  The society that is presented has many similarities to societies of today.  This is more than a novel, it is a glimpse into the consequences of a government which ignores its people and rules with absolute power.  This book forces the reader to think about their life and the world around them.  It may not be a novel that is traditionally viewed as ""fun"" but is a book i would definitely place in the category of top 100 books to read in your lifetime."
Slightly boring. Very thin on action and very little on plot. Not quite sure why this is a classic.
very good
"Interesting book, every student will eventually read it because its in the 12th grade curriculumRequirements."
"I bought this hoping for a nicer copy than the 40 year old paperback I have.  Other than a hard cover this is no better:  Really cheap paper and margins so narrow the page barely contains the print, no room to make notes.  Save your money and buy a paperback."
"I'd read it in high school, when all of us carried around the red, white & blue paperbacks as required reading; but after returning to it now it eerily reflects much of what's current, from governments bombing their own under the guise of a war in order to keep the people in fear as they take their rights to the dumbing down & control of society through the destruction of words, music and art. A great read!"
This is classic fiction. It is a must read for anyone interested in true hard science fiction
"This book has a great dystopian feel. I normally hate modern dystopian books, but this is truly a work of art. You will be totally engrossed by the world created in Orwell's mind.The book follows a middle-class worker who feels the need to resist, even in the tiniest way, to make the smallest difference, because it is the only hope he has. Big Brother is always watching."
"There's a reason it rests comfortably in the pantheon among the Classics of western literature. In it, Orwell created an articulate, bleak, and graphic response to the contemporaneous events of his times. It's internally consistent in its dystopic vision. The book brings no joy, but it's a read that provides a strange, harrowing, and bitter sort of literary pleasure."
I bought this book for my daughter's high school summer reading.She had to read it for school and thought it was weird. She said it seems to be about the idea of communism.
"Great read. It's definitely pro-America, democracy, libertarian, e pluribus unim (spellcheck) vibe. Books are great. We should all read books. Love love love books books. Did I make the word count???? BOOKS!! :)"
Good
"Simply perfect, a classic in every sense"
"I enjoyed reading the book, and it was interesting book of its time."
mild violence in the form of totrutre.
This book was absolutely amazing! It really makes you think about what is actually happening. Or should I say it makes you doublethink?
"What a compelling read. Or I should say listen, since I did the audiobook. Where do I start? I'm still processing, I think.In some ways I wish I had read it since I don't feel like I really grasped some of the concepts like doublespeak right away. But by the end I think I got it.It just astounds me how prophetic so many things seem to be, especially when I'm at my most cynical. The differences between why young Julia breaks the rules vs. why Winston is breaking them, for instance. Big Brother could be the NSA, or heck, even Facebook. The reason for the ""war"", good God that rings true.When I look at the divide between classes in America, and the suppression of the lower classes, and being a struggling middle class member myself.... Not to mention the mind games the media plays. It all rings a warning bell.Oh yes, there is a lot to process on this book. I highly recommend it to anyone who has a desire to think about society and the way things can go horribly wrong. The damage that can be done by just going along with the status quo.In some ways 1984 is an outrageous exaggeration, but then when one looks at where we are today, the things that haven't come true are far more plausible given the things that HAVE come true--not precisely, but thematically.This is not a happy book. There isn't much action and it does not end with a happy ever after. It is thought provoking, and if you have nightmares after reading it, as I have, all the better."
Always have and always will love this book
"The whole book I was hopefully but by the end I felt like i wasn't my time reading this book, not sure why its a classical book!"
Amazingly prescient considering the current atmosphere around the world.
Great
The classic work on covert domestic surveillance.
"I have felt different about this book at different times and after having read it several times I see different aspects.  The first time I read it as a young adult I was horrified of the world presented.  Now, while still horrified by that prospect I also see the need to vigorously defend the right to have apposing viewpoints."
Gets a little repetitive and boring when they are making the point about the degree of control Big Brother has
"Great book, easy to take notes on"
"The original, quint-essential dystopian novel.  A masterpiece that explores directly and indirectly the horrors of statism run amok and the dangers to individual freedom when government can leverage technology to snoop on, and control, every aspect of people's lives.  A must read for anyone who fancies themselves a student of politics, technology or the cultural interplay between the two."
"Admittedly, and please bare this in mind, I don't excel at the exercise of placing myself within the timeframe and perspective that a book is written, especially when that timeframe is 20 years prior to my birth.With that said, the foresight that George Orwell had in forecasting some of the suppressive social and economic political strategies was absolutely mindblowing. In 1945, the book's publishing date, the political structure that he created was, I'd assume, stunningly innovative and trailblazing. However, due to a general familairity with today's current governmental landscapes, the amount of detail in his descriptions of the setting of 1984 can be a bit redundant and tiresome. 65 years ago, due to unfamilairity, it may have taken him 150 pages to effectively paint 1984's setting, whereas, today,it would only take 30 or 40. Variations of this particular backdrop have been recycled and repeated tirelessly throughout the years, and, nowadays, this type of framework can't represent the main plotline on it's own.In conclusion, whilst reading 1984, it's important to constantly reminding myself that it marked the birth of political futurology, where continuous and disapproved surveillance is an alarming weapon that seems destined for abuse by the world's most powerful people. I was constantly astonished by Orwell's scarily accurate foresight of our current world, and was satisfied to have finally experienced the novel that started it all."
"I’m still trying to grasp the concept of this new world order where everyone is brainwashed into hate and abstinence. Basically any sort of natural bond is being bred out of society into the hopes that one day there will be no more marriage, children will be taken away from their mothers at birth and the act of sex will be a repulsive, yet mandatory act that will take place once a year simple to repopulate the planet. In a way, this book reminded me of Suzanne Collin’s Hunger Games series with the government conspiracies leading the people like a flock of sheep. It was quite apparent to me after reading, where Collin's may have gotten her inspiration.The fact that children are being brainwashed at such a young age and can turn on their parents in an instant is unsettling. This new order wants as little thought as possible. They are attempting to rein in a society of people and treat them like mere machines.Basically this really could be happening today. The media lies to us about the reasons behind war and we believe it. But the actual cause is what it’s always been: the middle class attempting to debunk the upper class while the lower class remains ignorant to it all. There are a few things that really make you question your own beliefs. Every day, the media floods our TV’s giving us statistics, comparing things from last year to this year and who really validates it? We expect the news reporter to speak the truth but we do nothing ourselves to be vigilant about receiving the truth. We could easily turn into this party discussed in 1984. If you're big on conspiracy theories, you will love this book."
Very interesting book! A good read for anyone looking for something that challenges everyday society
One of the best books ever written.  Orwell was practically a prophet.
"This is a classic and I had read many years ago as a freshman in college.  As I was doing a great deal of driving I wanted to revisit some of the classics I had read, but this time via CD during my extended driving periods.  The term Orwellian is part of our language, so there is no doubt this book has had a profound effect on the culture.  Much has been written on 1984 so I will not attempt to add to that, in a short review.  However I will say,  I had forgotten how truly dark and foreboding Orwell's presentation of a future, controlled by government, was.  Given that government and its tentacles via laws, and regulations has grown tremendously over the years, the book is well worth a read (or a listen if on CD).  But do not read it,  if you want something light or something uplifting, as it is neither."
Important read for everyone
Excellent book
"There can be no greater endorsement of an instructional manual than its use by powerful people.  As demonstrated by the recent passing of the USA Freedom Act, it is clear that US senators are indeed using this manual.  This is a must read for anyone who makes laws or policy decisions."
difficult to read
This book is a classic and just like Animal Farm: Orwell delivers with his message and delivers big.
Too many unanswered questions and very unrealistic.
Orwell had amazing insight into the nature of society....I wonder what he would write if he knew about current technology.
"A great, disturbing novel"
"It was for my son, he seemed to like it"
"Not my all time favorite, but still a must read for anyone who is interested in politics."
"Loved this book! Especially after studying IR at school, this really connected to so much stuff going on in the real world even today."
"Pretty well thought out.  The ending was predictable, but you still read every word straight to the end.  Well done!"
I read this book years ago... I bought this copy for my son to read...our country is following this plot thanks to our corrupt government...Sad but True. Our government has become as corrupt as the one depicted in the book.
"Excellent version, complete with page numbers.  The book itself, of course, is a classic and deserves to be read repeatedly."
Haunting!
Kinda mad at myself for not reading this one sooner. You really feel Winston' s hopelessness in the end. You keep pulling for him until the last word.
"Many people who read the book with me really liked it, it just wasn't really my style. I think my expectations went in far too high. At the end there is some gruesome stuff, not for young children, but okay for older high schoolers'."
"The book presents a concise viewpoint of the what happens when the government controls too much.  In some respects the names of the government branches are funny (in an ironic way) as they indicate the opposite of what the branch actually does.  The depressing aspect is that in the end, the bad guys (i.e., the government) win and the people, including those in the government, lead dismal lives."
Absolutely great novel.
"One of the iconic books of  modern society.  The blueprint followed for decades, all explained."
"The Centennial Edition, with the forward written by Thomas Pynchon, is the rare book that is absolutely critical reading for anyone living in a Democratic society. This is also a book that everyone imagines that they have read, even if they have never even had a copy on their bookshelves. It has been criticized for not following the template for a ""well-written"" novel, but it was not necessarily intended as such: Orwell was an essayist and a journalist first, passionate about what it means to be a civilized society.There are lots of reviews here, so I won't go on at length. Suffice it to say that, after the Cheney Administration destabilized the Middle-East in order to create a perpetual state of war, it may already be too late to save Civilization."
"I'm clearly in the minority here but this book is not for me. I appreciate the magnitude of the story, I just don't think its told in a very engaging way."
"This book is great. It was his last book. I hope its not mine before the thought police come get me and make me eat bananas. I hate bananas. At least, when they are old and smelly and stuff. But this book wasn't old or smelly and it didn't have any bananas on it. And if you actually need a review to tell you that you should be reading this book you should stick to eating old smelly bananas."
"interesting view of the future, every day looks more accurate"
"A classic, of course."
Excellent book!
A classic
A great read that predicts a future that grimly reflects much of life today.
"Orwell wrote this during WWII in a time of shortages,fear of communism, and tremendous uncertainty about Britain's future and the survival of democracy. It is a hopeless world where Big Brother sees everything and where everything is controlled especially language, but also history, emotions, thoughts. There is no room for love of any kind, and no hope of changing the powers who are in charge. It is a grim read with a heavy emphasis on the mechanics of how the powers in charge maintain their power. It makes the spin doctors of todays news seem very JV!"
This book meant a lot more to me decades ago when it was published but I read it recently and was still entertained.
"If you haven't read this, then purchase it now."
Enjoyed reading. Had to have got English Literature Honors.
"Lost the book after reading chapter one. It's now nowhere to be found. Twas a good read, though."
By far one of the best books I have ever read.
A fantastic narative about a man who lives in the dystopia of Oceania.  The book captivated me and held me hostage until a finished it.  1984 is a continuing phenomena of the world we are still becoming.
its is a good book and has a lot of good points that could of happened to society. I was very much engaged with the book.
"I had to read this for school. To be honest, I ended up using spark notes and watching the movie because it was boring. But the book was in good condition."
"Orwell changes the very fabric of how we look at fear and society. it's a great book and by the end you're routing for the main character, but not all stories end with goodbyes. The text is legible and the binding great, and it is a faithful reproduction of the original, as far as i've read."
Very well written and thought provoking
"This is a classic story, and it is great!"
The best
"One  of the most extraordinary and  gripping dystopian tales of all  times, extraordinary characters, more than believable  situations. I  had forgotten how much I had liked it years and years ago, although liking  is  not the word: it iis a shattering experience to  read it."
"It's  a  very  interesting  book, it  makes  you  think, am enjoying  the  read."
Great book
great book!
"I have always heard about 1984 being the father of all dystopian novels... I love a good dystopian but this was just such a hard book to read because in the entire story, there is no room for hope."
Put it away after the first chapter.
Great book and still VERY relevant today!
good product
A classic and well worth a read.  Or a reread.
"A TIMELESS classic that can definitely be considered ""required reading"" for anyone over the age of 13 or so ... just magnificent!"
good book.
"Well... It's a book with good writing, story, and plot... But it ends horribly... Not for you unless you like stories that end, like, horribly..."
"Education in the 1950's must have been only a little better than now. For years after reading this in private high school, I suspected when the test was given, I had a choice between writing that this great novel was a prediction of the coming liberal world. or what  I expected it was, a prediction of the world  under totalitarian masters. After all,  Orwell joined the Communists during the Spanish Civil War.  But after I matured, and read Animal Farm, and knew from my other readings that Soviets first left Spain, joined the  Nazi's, and asked for help from our decadent West to help them defeat the Nazi's and with that victory grabbed all of Eastern Europe and East Berlin.  What was so difficult for lovers of Stalin and Communism to understand when the predictions of Orwell became real when the citizens of East Berlin were killed for attempting to leave for the prosperous West Berlin."
I think everyone needs to read this. Really sums up a lot of how the world is and is heading.
One day we shall meet in the place where there is no darkness...
"The book is wonderfully descriptive creating a terrifying picture of the kind of place our world has turned into.  However, I feel the first two thirds of this book is almost entirely dedicated to painting that picture.  It isn't until after this that things actually start to develop with the plot and you start to be dragged into the story line.  Once you are dragged in though, you will find it hard to put this book down.1984 is a great thought experiment and fictional world to observe.  It makes you question a lot of societies choices and wonder about how exactly we fit into this picture.  I just wish the story picked up a little faster, or combined plot and descriptions of the world in the beginning to make the first  chunk of the book draw you in."
"1984 is supposed to a cautionary tale, but the progressive-liberal movement uses it as an instruction manual. Everything from the stratification of society to the historical revisionism to the assault on the language to the ever watchful government on its citizens smacks of the perverted liberalism at the foundation of the American left's policies."
It is the most captivating and well written book I have read in a while. I can see why it is considered as one of the classics.
"We all read it in high school, and learned about Big Bother, Newspeak and the memory hole.  But 1984 was written for adults and merits rereading.  Orwell understands totalitarian regimes and their efforts to control human thoughts and emotions perfectly.  The use of permanent war to control the population, and viewing sex as an act of rebellion, are both insightful.  An excellent book."
This was an amazing read with great views on some deep subject matters. I would recommend to anyone looking for a great read!
"I read it years ago and feel the need to re-read it because of the current state of our government, the trampling of our Constitution, and how prophetic Mr. Blair (Orwell) has proven himself to be."
a must read for every human being.
Orwell's legendary dystopian imagination comes alive in this warning tale from another time.  Very sobering reminder of how power corrupts absolutely.  Read this book!
Always wanted to read this.  It is scary how close we are to these times.
Arrived promptly and secured
"Such a wonderful book, I'm still thinking why didn't I read it before, it's got everything you laugh, you hate, you love. And the language and the author's views are awesome!"
Great book. Excellent quality for the price.
Not bad for a book written in the 40s. Alludes to a lot of present day problems. The end wasn't great but what was expected.
Yes I can see why this is considered a classic. Very thought provoking and well written. Add it to your must read list. You wont be disappointed.
"I had the book sent to a prisoner in a ""for profit prison""  He is my pen pal and his latest letter did not mention the book though its been over a month since I ordered the book.  Prisons may or may not let the book go to the prisoner and they may or may not tell me if it does not get to the prisoner.  George Orwell is one of 5 modern prophets that I know and recognize.  He certainly has described the developing government as we now see it."
"I have read this book two or three times already in my life. I'm currently 38 and have just now read it once more. This book is chilling in that it almost ""predicts"" a society which we all hope never comes true, yet still has enough ""reality"" in it so that we can see elements either currently happening, or inescapably on the way.Thank goodness the real 1984 wasn't like the book."
was a gift.. i don't know
Enjoyed book.
ALL society should be required to read this dystopion novel.  I gets one to realize the absurdities of our materialistic society.  A masterpiece ahead of its time.  With so many people abdicating their annonimity today and embracing more and more evasive technology.
Always a classic.
"Great story, and sobering to think how close we actually are to this life."
Read about America in 2015... but really... it's kinda creepy.
Awesome book! Loved it!
"It is a good book, it somewhat scary, I enjoyed reading it"
"Good book, but no happy ending."
It was a great insight and eye opening experience into the possibility of a corrupt government.
good book
"This book gets greater by the year. Anyone who has trouble understanding what is going on in the world, maybe especially in the U.S., can use this novel almost as a guide book, a sort of decoder ring. Orwell said that he meant to portray an ersatz communist/Soviet regime, as a signpost for his contemporaries who didn't see clearly past the surface. As Winston Smith's yearnings and mistakes are so very universal, perhaps tyrants and their stooges are also universal. The ones portrayed here certainly make effective stand-ins for those we've inflicted upon ourselves in this decade. The NSA and Homeland Security are very well portrayed here, right down the line. I wish we were reacting to our overlords with better purpose than Winston mustered, but we're not even close."
"Orwell marvelously portrays a world where a totalitarian government controls the mind of its subjects by altering history and belittling the human belief in the ""self."" The author definitely leaves you wondering how truly important your own memories and thoughts are in the face of a government that can erase and control knowledge given to the general populace. In addition, the novel also makes you question how malleable the human mind is. In the face of enough torture, do we really succumb to thoughts that are against our own nature or feelings? Orwell reveals that our minds are more malleable than we would like to believe. I would recommend for anyone who liked reading Fahrenheit 451/ other dystopian novels."
"I have read this book 3 times. The true sad thing about this books is this, when the book came out in the late 1940's it was called Sci Fic. Today it is just Fiction. There are cameras everywhere, TV/monitors everywhere. George had a very good picture of the future and it came true."
Still a shocking commentary on society.  Freedom of thought is the last freedom to be exorcised.  Man's inhumanity is understood.
This is one of the rare causes that I actually loved readings every single page of a book. Orwell has such an incredible writing writing style; it's very easy to understand yet still entertaining. He uses the perfect amount of difficult vocabulary. This book will completely brake your morals but in the most amazing way possible. Orwell has the power completely capturing his audiences' attention and he does not fail in 1984. Please even if you hate reading you have to get this book a try. It is incredibly well-written and such entrancing story with an amazing underlying theme. If I could give 1984 more than five stars I definitely without a doubt would.
We get 'Orwellian Future' from this timeless classic.
"A never aging book. Although it is written as criticism of the soviet comunism, it applies to any dictatorship and in general to the modern world. In this information age, ""democratic"" countries such as the USA try hard to oversee all that happens with their citizens, like Big Brother, and although you're not murdered, in this world it's very hard to think differently without being ridiculized or taken apart.It is a must read for anyone who wants to understand our world."
my son read it. So I cant answer
One of the Great Ones
Classic book. Would read it again and again.
"This is my favorite book of all time. I've read it so many times, the cover fell off. I decided to get my sister a copy for her birthday. Read it, you'll love it."
"I first read this book in my earlier high school senior year and I fell in love with it immediately. Not only is this book a great read but it is also full of twists, turns, and suspense that leaves the reader constantly wondering whats next. The writing is highly advanced and portrays a perfect understanding of what this would can become."
I received the book in great condition. This is a must read for everyone!
"​In the book “1984”, George Orwell is writing to us about a dystopian society. George Orwell wrote the book in 1949 as a warning to the people about a controlling government. The book pretty much gives us an imaginary world that is controlled completely by police. For an example, there is what you call a “thought police”. These police control what the people think at all times. If you are caught thinking something about the future or recording what is happening in the world then you will be put on probation and eventually thrown in jail. One person that rebels against the society is Winston Smith. Winston is the main character in the novel. He searches for the truth longing to find out about the past. While trying to rebel he runs into a girl that is the same way as him. He would eventually have a love affair with her. They both get arrested by the thought police and taken to jail. While in jail, Winston is not abused physically, but mentally. The thought police’s main goal while he is in prison is to mentally wash his mind away. The society tries to brain wash everybody into thinking there is no past. They try to ruin people of their spiritual dignity. They make it seem like you cannot live on your own because you need to rely on the government for everything; there is no such thing as independence. Some people refer to this book as, “the history lesson you never had”. For me, this book made me realize how easily are government could control us if we do not stand up for our own rights as a whole. It is quite an eye opener. People insist that it can never happen, but think about North Korea. This book very well reminds me of them and how they have a communistic government."
I read this book a long time ago and just wanted to have it at hand.  Will read it again just as a reminder of all that was said and done.
"George Orwell’s, Nineteen Eighty Four, is a riveting novel describing one man’s rebellion from dystopian society. Winston, the protagonist, lives his habitually boring life in the hopes he will find a person whom shares his belief towards society. The society Winston lives in is run by the Party and ultimately “Big Brother”. The citizens are constantly monitored and taught to destroy individual thought. The details used by Orwell in describing the tactics of the Party to control society is not only knowledgeable, but also interesting. Orwell’s details create an altogether cohesive society with the main goal of total control. Winston’s role in society is a worker in the Party’s Ministry of Truth. This section of society deals with the history of society, which is constantly altered. Most citizens seem to be oblivious; however, Winston questions the validity of society’s historical truths. Orwell’s character development of Winston as analytical and doubtful, drive me to question the honorability of the society which I live in today. Later in the novel, Winston is faced with difficult decisions based on trust and intuition. These choices will either help or hurt him in his fight to change the corrupt society he lives in. Winston must trust his instincts in order to begin change in the society. Will Winston achieve his goal to reinvent the controlling society or will he die trying?"
"George Orwell does a fantastic job of creating a dystopian society in the novel, 1984. Orwell wrote the novel in 1984 and through the years it has remained true and classic, even in today’s society. We can see aspects of Orwell’s novel in media and entertainment. 1984 has influenced many books and movies, and even the infamous quote, “Big Brother is watching you.” The novel is set in 1984 in London in a nation of Oceania, and follows a man named Winston. Winston is not anyone special, no one in the society is special everyone is the same, except for Big Brother. Winston is living his life the way Big Brother wants him to he goes to work, he does his daily workouts, and he participates in hate time. Everything is going fine for Winston until Julia comes along. In the nation of Oceania love is illegal and Winston followed that rule then until was Julia who he fell in love with. That is when Winston’s mind started to open, he started to think for himself and he started to think maybe the society he lived in was not that great. Will Winston rebel against Big Brother? Will Julia follow him? Will others join Winston? Only time will tell."
"Nineteen eighty four, by George Orwell, is an intriguing novel. This book takes place in London ocienia. The year nineteen eighty four is a dystopian society where the main character, Winston, has trouble sometimes even remembering who he is. He is surrounded by things and people who confuse him. Yet he is not able to cry out or share his thoughts. He is told he is like everyone else. But does not believe it, he goes on extrodinary journeys trying to find his place in this world, which he knows is not who he is being forced to be. Throughout the novel Winston struggles to find who he really is and holds onto his memories that he has in order to rebel. This story brilliantly portrays all of the struggles in a dystopian society.  The main symbol of government authority is “big brother”. Big brother puts the people into place and makes them fear their authority. There are people designated to have certain jobs, even down to monitoring thoughts. These people are called “thought police”. They regulate thought and make sure the people of Oceania obey all laws.Winston goes through many struggles and becomes who he thought he would never be. I recommend this book, especially if you enjoy dystopian literature and a good read."
"Great book.  Kind of the seminal dystopian work.  Not sure how to describe it.  There's a guy, Winston, who's beginning to question the new order.  English socialism (IngSoc) has become the wool over the public's eyes so they may not see the truth about the ruling class and the constant state of ""war"".  Language is being dismantled and replaced by NewSpeak, which is the ultimate imposition of the totalitarian ruling class.  Conversation becomes relegated to terms such as ""ungood"", or doubleplusgood (excellent), sexcrime, goodest or gooder, etc.  The point is to remove thoughtfulness and meaning and to further implicate individuality as a subversive attempt against the ruling class.  Citizens are provided meager resources, such as stale rations of cigarettes or liberty vodka, tokens of the overarching govt that go nicely with the in house monitors through which Big Brother watches, at all times, even in the morning during mandatory mass calisthenics.  People are allowed anger once a week during the 2 minutes hate in which the enemy of the state is broadcast, as though he has stolen the airwaves and wishes to impart hope to an otherwise hopeless populace.  Winston meets a girl, goes with her places the upper class is not allowed, and bad things happen.  He mingles with the idiotic proles who are nothing if not helpless products of the new order, relegated to poverty and a war torn infrastructure.  Winston works in what could only be called the department of news, where he takes old newspaper articles and changes them to reflect the whims of the govt.  In effect, he changes the past, so that it reconciles with the new present that has been made up on an whim.This kind of story is all too familiar and often times it seems as though it is playing out right before our very eyes if in the most subtle ways.  Hence the term ""Orwellian"", which tends to be used to describe a dark and forboding future.  If you haven't read this book, you must."
classic.  Read it now..
This juju s much talked about. .but it was too wordy making it hard to get to the reason for the book. Was written before its time but other authors have tried to emulare the idea of the book. Like Legends for example. Similar.
"Lost my previous copy, so I bought another"
I'm not a fan of Orwell's writing style but the story is one for the ages.  Big government run a muck. Big brother watching your every move.  Freedoms gradually taken away until you have none left.  It's a timeless tale which is why it still popular all these years after it was written.
This book goes deeper & is more challenging than Animal Farm so I would recommend Animal Farm before reading this book. Even though it really makes you think it's wrapped up in a good story. The ending was spot on. It's a little tougher than Animal Farm but I still loved it
I finally read this novel after hearing so much about it. Its wonderful!
A relevant book.
Summer read for AP English!!😀
"Excellent read about what is real, what is not real.  But, in the end is what's real true.  Only Big Brother knows."
The pinnacle of classical literature.
"1984 is a cautionary tale for America! In light of our ""information"" society's 24/7 connection to the Internet, the perpetual  ""wars"" against nearly invisible enemies, and the rising dominance of one political party, this book appears quite prophetic. It is not far-fetched to realize that -- with our growing dependence on technology -- the masses could one day be completely controlled by a small group of individuals bent on maintaining their power at ALL COSTS. A worthy and noble contribution to enlightened minds."
"I am dissatisfied by my purchase. Why? I am dissatisfied because I expected to receive the same publication type of 1984 that was displayed in the image (the blue and orange lettering with the green border). However I merely received a newer publication version, and that is not what I intended to order. I feel I was mislead and hoodwinked into buying something other than what was advertised."
"If you are into socialism and communism, then this is the book for you.I wasn't really please with the ending."
A must read for everyone. These are critical topics that must remain at the forefront of our minds. Keeping these topics in mind will keep us adequately protected from falling victim to them.
"An amazing book by Orwell, one of my favorites and it came fairly quickly through the mail."
One of my favorite novels of all time. Through the ages I've read this novel and each time it delivers a different story. That these thoughts resonate through the years and hit home today as they did in 1948 is at once frightening as it is eye opening. What's your fear?
"Vivid imagery and detailed scenery are the hallmark of this masterpiece. I love this book. Classic, must read for reading lovers."
"Interesting read detailing how three superpowers balance their reign by propagating the general public to hate other nations and to hate anarchists and most importantly, love thy state."
"So, okay, this is the book that scared the crap out of me in ninth grade (1957), but I could see that was forever into the future and who knew how things would actually work out. The oligarchy is here in 2015.  Nowhere near as oppressive, and if things were as Orwell envisioned, it would be true to life to a point.  The relentless brain-washing - foreshadowing Clockwork Orange - is something no oppressive gov't would waste their time with, except for the penchant superiority freaks have for torture, those sick folks who lack an outlet for sexual energy...Oy vey!Anyway, In some ways, this is an outstanding book, but my basic optimistic energy kept discounting what was happening.It's DARK and gets darker and if stuff were like this, for real, you'd commit suicide."
nice old classic
Some surprises & twists.  A fantastic read on how our life today is the way he wrote it years ago
"Let me start by saying I am 17, and I had to read this for my lit class. When I first started reading it i really didn't want to, so it was hard to get into the book, but once I really got into it... I loved it. This book was so good! And it wasn't one of those books that you want to go on forever, I was actually ok when it ended and very happy with it."
"An EXCELLENT explanation of the ""Big Brother"" theory...  This was required reading back in Jr. High (early 1970's for me).  I remembered SOME of it, but wanted to re-read it, so I got a copy of my own....  Glad I did... Helps me understand what's going on (and what's BEEN going on) in the U.S. and in the world much better ..."
"If you have to read a review of ""1984"" you are either too young to try this without talking with your parents or, if older, it is probably something you would not understand."
"A good, but very dark book."
"This was a very interesting read. There is a huge world of information being gathered about each and every person from their smart phones, we are feeding the beginnings of The Party and Big Brother."
Great read
This book is amazing!!! Tried watching the movie & several parts of the movie just don't coincide with the book AT ALL!! Read the book with an open mind.. Or should you?!!!? You'll see what I mean...
"This book is a classic, and shows a world where even a person's thoughts are punished.  I seriously wanted it to end with a rebellion against Big Brother.  I must say, I was disappointed at the lack of hope for humanity portrayed by the author.  I read this book because of the Silencing that is going on in America these days - using PC - Political Correctness as a tool for the Silencing.  Read Kirsten Powers' book ""The Silencing"".  It's honestly pretty scary the way our freedom of speech and expression is being taken away today!"
"Although this book is considered a classic, I found it mildly entertaining.  It does make one think out our government and everything happening the this digital age.  This is not a book for reluctant readers, in my opinion."
Amazing book and Simon Prebble bring it to life like no otherTop notch narrator couples with an essential classicA must
It describes our current ruling political regime (and the pretenders to the thrones) to a Tee.
"It’s easy to dismiss Orwell’s masterpiece as a quaint and dated dystopia, a banal nightmare of the future cobbled together in 1948 out of the dingy present and the recent past: the bombed out London of the novel looks like nothing so much as that city under the blitz. The scarcities and rationing, the war frenzy, the propaganda and paranoia required no imagination to describe. They were right in front of him. Critics use Orwell’s merciless reportorial skill as a brief against his imagination. His grim fantasy is all too realistic. It fails both as fantasy and prophesy. The titular date has come and gone, they point out. The world is not divided into three super powers perpetually at war; no telescreens invade our privacy. No all-powerful totalitarian state controls our lives, which are in fact more free and prosperous than anyone could have imagined at the bleak and dreary end of the Second World War. Of the computer and the internet, plausibly the most significant new developments since that time, Orwell had not an inkling. But this superficial reading of the book, whereby we comfort ourselves with the fact that we drink Bombay Sapphire rather than Victory Gin, is tragically naive and misguided. In fact every basic concept, every philosophical and political development Orwell addressed in his book has come to pass almost exactly as described.Orwell analyzed the way people driven by the need for power actually think. This is the most useful insight in his book, delivered by the Grand Inquisitor O’Brien:“The Party seeks power entirely for it’s own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power. Not wealth or luxury, or long life or happiness: only power, pure power … We know that no one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it. Power is not a means it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship to safeguard a revolution; one makes a revolution to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture … How does one man assert his power over another? … By making him suffer. Obedience is not enough. Unless he is suffering how can you be sure he is obeying your will and not his own? Power is in inflicting pain and humiliation. Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing. If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face – forever.”To this bleak vision the battered and terrified Winston Smith has one reply: “Somehow you will fail. Something will defeat you. Life will defeat you.”Of course in the novel it is Winston Smith who is defeated and obliterated, after learning to love Big Brother. The story is unrelenting, a harsh tragedy in which the human spirit is crushed, and the future is too horrible to contemplate. The good guys lose. They are forced to betray their deepest beliefs and emotions, gutted of their souls and left to wander the streets like hollow eyed ghosts. Evil wins, over and over again, with a shriek of glee and blare of military music. The book ought to be profoundly depressing And yet it isn’t.  Just the opposite: it’s uplifting, thrilling. It’s a form of meta-text: the fact that you are reading the book at all, the fact that the book was written and published, confounds the darkness of its message. Winston Smith knows no one will ever read his journal … but people will be reading the novel that contains it for as long as books exist. The authors of the Newspeak dictionary exult in the destruction of language; the mandarins of the inner Party continuously dismantle all passion and morality and truth.  But the novel itself, with its vivid prose and ferocious probity creates an exhilaration, a giddy hope  in the reader that its characters can never share. A masterpiece. Read it. If you've already read it, read it again."
Thrilling!
This was purchased for my daughter for a school assignment.
good read
"A depiction of a world where hope is severely punished, and the mere thought of it can lead to torture. Great book that has stood strong for many years, it is very easy to understand why when the end comes."
It's a classic and that's all there is to it. Well worth the re-read.
Item arrived in wonderful amazing condition and so far the book itself is a great read. It's on my list of 100 books to read in ones lifetime. :)
1984 just read it
I have my finish reading the book but it's very intriguing and captivating on how the system of the world is. Upon writing this the author was ahead of his time.
"Welcome to Oceania.  Our guide to this world is Winston Smith, a member of The Party who works at the Ministry of Truth making sure that all documents conform to The Party line.  And in this socialist vision of the world, The Party, as embodied by Big Brother, is all powerful.However, Winston is old enough to have vague memories of life before The Party took over England.  While he outwardly tows the line, he is hoping that at some point The Party can be overthrown.  As he starts a forbidden affair with Julia, it looks like his hopes might come to be.  Do they have hope of overthrowing the government?  Or is Big Brother really all powerful?I know I read this book back in high school, but that was a few years ago, so I decided it was time to read it again.  As a novel, it isn’t that good.  There are long, preachy passages and it’s easy to let your mind start to wander.  Yes, some world building is needed, but entirely too much of it takes place.However, in a study of how a totalitarian government can take over power and never let it go, this book is chilling.  And before you shake it off and say, “That would never happen here,” look around.  I see it happening on both sides of the spectrum, and politicians on both sides encouraging it.  We need to start heeding the warning that Orwell put in this book before we become part of Oceania.So read this book.  Think about it.  And figure out how you will keep the government from turning into Big Brother."
we are moving in that direction
A wonderful book about the Russian revolution and Stalins totalitarian regime.
all I can say is OMG
Still resonates today.  Reread if its been a while.  You wont be sorry.
I bought this as a gift for someone not familiar with the book.  I enjoyed ejoyed reading this back in the 60's
More real in changed times than ever before
"Brilliant work. Definitely recommend this to anyone seeking a well written, thought provoking piece of fiction closely related to reality"
thumbs up
Great condition
Good book
"In London, England a man named Winston was in his apartment writing in his dairy his memories that he has. Winston isn’t really supposed to be writing in the diary because the government doesn’t want the people to be able to think. If people think then the government thinks the people won’t listen and obey them so they took away all things that would make people think for themselves. This dystopian story, 1984, by George Orwell, is about Winston’s journey with a controlling government that is constantly watching their citizens.Winston meets a beautiful brunette named Julia, who is young and free spirited. Julia is the type of girl who doesn’t care what people think about her, she just wants to live her life and be happy.  After Julia sends him a secret note, they start a heated affair and they both become attached to each other. Julia really opens Winston’s eyes for him to see that there is more to life than being a product of the government, and when Winston sees that he falls in love with her.Big Brother is the name of the government, who controls every aspect of a person. The government’s job is to make these people how the government wants them.  Big brother controls their history, and all types of information the people know. The Party also forces individuals to suppress their sexual desires, treating sex as merely a procreative duty whose end is the creation of new Party members. Big Brother also uses kids and cops to make sure no one breaks the rules. This government represents communist/dictatorship type of government.O’Brian is part of big brother secretly. O’Brian is a very sketch and untrustworthy person throughout the book. He is one of those people who you think they are your friend but when you turn around they backstab you. O’Brian betrays Winston and Julia after he becomes their friend and leads them into the wrong path only to get them caught.The biggest theme in this book is danger of totalitarianism, totalitarianism can really destroy people. Big Brother conditions the minds of their victims with physical torture; the Party is able to control reality, convincing its subjects that 2 + 2 = 5. When the government has so much control over people it’s like they aren’t even living, they are just the product of the government walking around not realizing all the wrong that is around them.Another theme is physical manipulation, where the government undermines family structure by inducting children into an organization called the Junior Spies, which brainwashes and encourages them to spy on their parents and report any instance of disloyalty to the Party. The Party then channels people’s pent-up frustration and emotion into intense, ferocious displays of hatred against the Party’s political enemies. Many of these enemies have been invented by the Party expressly for this purpose.1984 was a very disturbing but interesting book. It was complicated to read but had a decent story line. I feel like readers can relate to Winston and his struggles that he goes through in the book but only to an extent. The author does an amazing job explain how big brother works"
"George Orwell’s Oceania in England made me feel as if I were in a prison.  The walls were closed in airplanes and telescreen’s are all around watching your every move. Winston Smith, the protagonist of 1984 plays an outsider working for the Ministry of Truth while enduring the pain of his revolting spirit. George Orwell is stunning in his dystopian novel about futuristic thoughts of the Communist movement by using a fictional character Big Brother.Winston is the reason that this book has been so outstandingly preserved through the years. He makes you feel as if you were there with him living his sham of a life. Winston works at the Ministry of truth where he distorts history. He takes real history and changes it so they can never be wrong. He falls in love with a rebel named Julia who doesn’t abide by all the rules set before society. She passes Winston a love note confessing her love for him.1984 is filled with unique characters such as Julia, O’Brien, and Syme. Orwell makes these characters seem futuristic by showing the down trodden nature of emotional appeal that the society has. The Government has ripped all the knowledge from them, they cannot tell real from fake.Julia, Obrien, and Syme are all a work of art, but the scariest enigma that the book warns us about is Big Brother. Winston writes the story through his eyes as an outsider; he wants the people of the future to know about his cruel lifeless world. He tries hard to rebel and break free from conformity, even though many obstacles hold him back.The main theme of the story is about psychological manipulation and how the Government can persuade you to think a certain way. Winston sees this every day; as the book goes on.An example:Every morning the citizens of Ingsoc have to wake up and complete a series of physically demanding exercise called physical jerks. These exercises were done before reporting to work and they would tire the minds of the citizens to the point where they could be easily manipulated.Big Brother, the biggest enemy of the book, takes control of every aspect by monitoring citizens on tele screens and teaching the children the ways of Big Brother. The children fall as victims believing in lies and terrorizing adult citizens who rebel against the great Big Brother.Even though the story takes place in 1984 and was written in 1949, this classic dystopian novel paved a way for other novels wanting to expose the corruption of high profiled Government and societal conformity such as  Divergent by Veronica Roth.You’d think in a peaceful world a man and woman should be able to live their lives in happiness. But if you want to know what happens to Winston and the rest of the characters 1984, you’ll have to read the book!"
"A frightening book; not in the horror sense but in implication!It shows that when a government is given unlimited powers unbridled brain washing can occurWe see it daily to a lesser extent, with the imposition of political correctness and politicians unwillingness to act in accord with the expectations of an electorateI intend to read it again and glean any subtleties that I may have missed first time through"
A great classic
I am trudging through but because of the similarity to the present times and Government involvement in private affairs it is nothing new. The idea that this was conceived when it was is fascinating. As far as the book I'm challenged to stay with it.
"It is a very well written piece of literature.  I would definitely read it again.  The total opposite of Brave New World, which is also fantastic, not what I expected it to be."
"I read this book before when in high school....that was a very, very, long time ago.All I remembered was the general theme. I enjoyed reading it this time as an older adult......the insight applies more and more to our world today."
This book is smell so bad. I'm very difficult to read.
"It an eye opener. ""Big Brother is Watching!"" Worth it."
Fantastic!
"Wake up people, this book is not about Russia - it is about America!!!"
intresting
"‘1984’ is George Orwell’s final, but probably one of his most significant novels. The author, Eric Arthur Blair, lived in the first half of the 20th century and was highly influenced by the social and political events of the era. His experience originated in the world wars, the events in Spain in the 1930s, the Cold War and the possibility of atomic warfare. Therefore, the novel describes a terrible dystopian imaginary future ruled by totalitarian government. It is a world of surveillance, public manipulation and limited liberty of speech. The novel is told in third person and shows the events in viewpoint of Winston Smith. Actually, I think that Smith is the character in the novel who represents Orwell’s opinion about the world and mainly about totalitarianism. It is evident for me that he refuses this kind of ruling and maybe he would try to warn people that terrible state can happened in the world easily if the trend continues in this way.The setting is London, the capital of “Airstrip One”, located in Oceania. Similarly to the Cold War, after a global war, the world is shared between three intercontinental superpowers – one of them is Oceania – which are in constant war with one another. Each state is governed by a totalitarian regime annihilating democratic features as well as personal individuality, human emotion, love, privacy and freedom. I consider the use of language as one of the most powerful features of the novel. In my opinion Orwell recognised the power of language and it appears in the novel as a powerful device of limitation of people’s thinking. Many new terms and phrases are in the novel, such as Newspeak, the official language of Oceania. Grammatically, Newspeak is similar to the English, but it has much lower vocabulary which is shrinking day by day in order to limit citizens’ thinking and avoid them from committing thoughtcrime. An engineer mentions in the novel that “in the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible, because there will be no words in which to express it”. Through language, Orwell shows exceedingly how authority can influence and mislead people. Orwell uses themes from life in the Soviet Union and wartime life in Great Britain from which several ideas and terms have become famous. The slogan “Big Brother is watching you” maybe called into being today reality shows where participants are observed through cameras as citizens are watched through the telescreen in the novel. The term „2+2=5” has also origin in the Soviet Union. Two years after the Soviet Union had started its first five-year economic plan in 1928, the statistics presented that the plan was so successful that they would manage to finish it within four years. Therefore, the 2+2=5 slogan was started to propagate on posters. In the novel this term also appears when the protagonist Winston Smith think about it in connection with the power of the party. He meditates whether the authority can give people to believe it and if everybody believe it, whether it will be true."
"Still as good as ever, and given today's environment, it is incredibly prescient.  Interesting that it is not a communist government that has taken over, as Orwell may well have imagined, but a democratically elected government that now threatens us with endless war, and scares us into believing that only our government knows how to protect us, and that to be protected we need to give up all of our rights to personal privacy.  Orwell correctly predicted that the government we strive to convince us that we need to spend endless dollars, reducing our quality of life, to support the struggle against various enemies.  Chilling."
A well thought out political theory
"Classic, re-reading it!"
amazing
"50 years later after my first reading from collage, how true for today."
"The only thing Orwell got wrong was the year. He was a bit pessimistic, but almost every aspect of the story is now reality or about to be."
Great book
"THREW IT OUT...PRINTING FADED, AND ILLEGIBLE IN PLACES."
I am satisfied with the purchase.
"I read this book for pleasure over 40 years ago and rereading now brings a deeper appreciation of what Orwell was trying to say. The point I got all those years ago was about socialism and the suppression of individuality for the sake of happiness. This time I walked away with quite a different impression, name,t that conformity in all aspects of human existence IS necessary for a society to function, as a well oiled machine. The constant war, keeps the sheep in their place and is eerily like the sputum the neo-conservative world view keeps trying to foist upon American society. The illusion of freedom of thought is buttressed through the real masters namely the faceless boards that control the multinational corporations that are slowly creating their own newspeak and suppressing the individual in all walks of life. There is more to this book though, than prescient telling of Power for the sake Power.The lesson in this dated fable was not what the world had become, it was the systemic stripping of the ability and desire to think, question and arrive at conclusions through the examination of past. The past has always been rewritten by the winners and Orwell took that axiom and stretched it to its most logical conclusion.More to the point, I found the plot line and characters engaging and at no time did I stray out of the structure Orwell so artfully constructed. His world is complete and the motivations of each and every character is consistent throughout the tale. His language is terse and resembles newspeak its  staccato cadence and rhythm. Very few words are wasted on setting the scene and the darkness and dreariness of the life Winston Smith lives is echoed in the grey world in which he lives.Anyhow, an engrossing read that I will be thinking about for many days to come."
"The narrative of 1984 moves through four overlapping stages. In the first, the discontented Winston Smith, a lonely 39 year-old man and member of the Outer Party that rules Oceania, is tormented by his government’s continual and arbitrary adjustments to history and truth. Then, this Winston is noticed by Julia, another malcontent and cunning sexual adventurer, and they have an affair. In doing so, Winston gradually evolves from a mere “thought criminal” to a person who attempts to join the Brotherhood, which, in the rhetoric of the government, is an underground movement determined to overthrow the state.In stage two, Winston reads a political tract, supposedly written by the leader of the Brotherhood, which systematizes everything that Orwell has already shown his readers about Oceania. This tract, which Winston reads in bed while the indifferent Julia sleeps, explains why there is a shortage of consumer goods, endless warfare, an overwhelming Inner Party, and an effort to erode language.  This section of 1984 is brilliantly reasoned, albeit a trifle scholarly, and Orwell keeps it short.In the third stage, Winston and Julia are arrested and Orwell examines, step by step, the torture that Winston endures as the government, determined to “correct a flaw in the pattern,” converts him to a model citizen. Many Americans who read this section of 1984 might feel shame about their own government’s recent and similar activities. Finally, Orwell puts the reader inside the head of the reformed Winston in this novel’s fourth stage, when he thinks like his fellow citizens. This stage, a short and chilling final chapter, shows what Winston has become after losing his individuality.IMHO, 1984 deserves its reputation as a great book and it still works. This is so because Orwell has imagined a credible dystopian society, in which the dominant Inner Party is obsessed with its goals of retaining control and perpetuating itself. The novel also works because Orwell has created two amazing characters—Winston Smith and O’Brien—who, at the start of this book, hold opposite ideas about the truth.One quibble: Orwell creates a situation in which one final betrayal breaks Winston’s character. But does torture really work this way—that is, depend on a single psychological event to flip a person’s affiliations and beliefs forever? This seemed to me more literary than true.Regardless, my recommendation is: Read it again! You’ll enjoy 1984 more than you did in high school."
Neat reading
"It was wonderful to find the ebook,which restores the missing 21st chapter.But missing is a list of the Nadsat (from -надцать -nadcat’, '-teen' ) words and other fictional terms found in the book.(Burgess invented a new slang, mostly based on Russian, for the book.  You can find the appendage herehttp://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:A_Clockwork_Orange)"
Not what I expected but a bit spooky considering how all our information is discimminated thru the Internet and 24hr news cycle.
It makes you think more than most books.
Not quite what I expected from a so called classic
One of the best books ever written.
Relevancy.
The way the world is trending; not necessarily far-fetched. Some would be 'leaders' are using it as a text book.
I hated the book (mostly because I had to read it for school and you know how they suck the life out of books). But it was very good condition and I would definitely recommend to sci-fy lovers.
"Great book, worth a read for anyone because of the message and topics discussed while reading and their relevance in the modern world."
"I have no words. I read the Spanish version of this book and, for me, this is one of those which left a mark on you. It portrays a world no very differente from the one we live in, but in an extreme way: We are really free? Or is just that we believe we are free. I don't want to live in a world like that, but I do believe that we live a world somewhat like the one portrayed full with manipulation of facts and full of fake people.It's a entertained book. Several times I found myself in shock with the things I was reading."
"I typically like dystopian books, but this one leaves you feeling hopeless and disappointed."
He's acclaimed for his brilliance.
"Finally read this after a couple decades of planning to eventually get to it.  Not the best work ever written, in my opinion, but an interesting glimpse of the fictional road doomsayers threaten that we will head down some day."
"This is one of many books a reader should read before he or she dies. I think it should be read especially at a young age, not to intimidate, but to educate and warn young people of the power and abuse of a government out of its citizens control. If a book like this is ever edited for content or willfully destroyed by any power, you had better know your society is doomed."
"I read 1984 after many years as a time-filler, but was amazed to find out who good it still is. So much of it has come to pass after 60 years!"
"Orwell's most famous work, ""Nineteen Eighty Four"", written in 1949 is still as gripping, poignant and terrifying as it must have been over 60 years ago. My review is for the unabridged audio CD, skillfully read by Simon Prebble. Orwell describes a dystopian society in the country of Oceania, in which war is permanent, government surveillance is widespread, individualism and all forms of self expression are suppressed, and ""big brother"" is watching. Though this novel has been on every ""Top 100"" reading list as well as high school and college curriculums for decades, somehow I had put off reading it until now. I was quite surprised at how relevant it still is, ensuring that it will remain on required reading lists for many decades to come.The main character, Winston Smith, works at the Ministry of Truth, as part of a team that is constantly rewriting history to suit the purposes of the current party line. No one is sure who ""big brother"" really is, or even if such a person exists. Citizens are constantly programmed with ""double think"" phrases such as ""Ignorance is strength"", ""war is peace"", and ""freedom is slavery"". They fear the thought police who will punish them severely for not adhering to party teachings, even in their thoughts. Society is plagued by constant shortages, scarcity and hardships, primarily due to constant wars. The Machine believes in constant warfare to get rid of materials that might make the masses comfortable and complacent. The Party's main purpose is to mold the consciousness of the masses, and was described at one point as a ""boot stamping on a human face.""The themes of nationalism, censorship and surveillance are just as relevant today as they were over 60 years ago, ensuring that this novel will remain in the forefront of literature for a long time to come. It's not an easy book to read, since the deprivation, brainwashing and torture are hard to endure. However, I suspect that I will read it again and again because of the many levels of meaning and message."
Reread this book after 50 years since it was required reading at school. Amazing! Highly recommend reading by every high school student. Uncannily reminiscent of current events.
are you kidding...just look around!!!!!
"I first read this book in spring of 1967 as a college sophomore. I thought it was interesting and easy to read. I thought it was a tale about a nation where government had gone to the extreme - a socialist bureaucracy. I never suspected that government could get this intrusive in a democratic-republic, the most freedom loving nation in the world!However, I now wonder if we weren't on our way to bloated, over-powering government. And I wonder if socialism and bureaucracy haven't completely taken hold, entrenched large powerful government, unconcerned with individual rights??? Orwell… a genius or a prophet? Everyone should read this book accompanied by a copy of the Bill of Rights!"
The explanation of how geo politics works in the underground's book alone is worth the read.
For high school reading assignment.  Prompt delivery
"very positive book. one of few written records of William Branham who passed away some years ago.so pleased someone who acdtually knew him gave us a record of his life, works, and concerns;"
"I have read a lot of horror novels in my life, but none of them has scared me as badly as this book. The concept of living in the society created by Orwell is disturbing to say the least and yet not entirely unrealistic. This should be on every reader's bucket list."
Good book!
great book
"I’ve been wanting to read this book for years. I was fascinated by the idea of it when I first learned about it in high school. The futuristic world was intriguing, and to know that the often-used phrase of ""Big Brother"" comes from this book, made it even more appealing.I remember hearing in high school that Orwell was writing this novel in 1948 (even though it was later published in 1949). Therefore, when choosing the year for his dystopian future, he flipped the final two numbers to create 1984. There are so many interesting science fiction ideas developed by Orwell (the Thought Police and Telescreens, just to name a couple).One warning for readers, though. This book isn’t immediately accessible. You need to stick with it, and plow through some of the parts that seem to be dragging on. The book is split into three parts, and while I felt engaged during Parts 2 and 3, Part 1 took me a long time to get through.FINAL RATING: 3.5 stars out of a possible 5SLIGHT SPOILERS:This is not a happy book. This is not a fun adventure. As opposed to modern dystopian fiction, there isn't a hero that leads a rebellion against a corrupt ruler. Instead, this book is about total loss of self in response to a tyrannical government. Instead of a grand, far-reaching story, this book explores how living in a dystopian world slowly tears a man down, and strips him of his very identity. The end of this man's story was truly depressing."
"I first read this book in spring of 1967 as a college sophomore. I thought it was interesting and easy to read. I thought it was a tale about a nation where government had gone to the extreme - a socialist bureaucracy. I never suspected that government could get this intrusive in a democratic-republic, the most freedom loving nation in the world!However, I now wonder if we weren't on our way to bloated, over-powering government. And I wonder if socialism and bureaucracy haven't completely taken hold, entrenched large powerful government, unconcerned with individual rights??? Orwell… a genius or a prophet? Everyone should read this book accompanied by a copy of the Bill of Rights!"
This used to be required reading in high school in the 1950's. I do not know about now. Anyone who reads should drop a lot of the trash they buy and try this.
awesome book
I was reading for a second time and found the writing hard to follow in very long paragraphs I know this is the style but so much thought in one sequence gets long after awhile.
"It was a little hard to follow at times, but it was a good book and I would read it again."
Was great reading but would never happen in MURICA. we'd rise up with our rifles first.
very good
This is my favorite book of all time. I've read it two times. The warning that George Orwell presents is still relevant today. A lot of what he warns us about in this book has happened. Let's do our best to prevent anymore from happening.
"Still gives chills to a conscious reader.The kindle version needs a careful edit after Chapter 1, but not too distracting.Great book!"
nice
1984 is an insightful novel. The book create a fears to people from establishing such society nowadays. It is phonomonal.
Perfect condition
If you've never read this you need to. It is prophetic.
"To know 1984 is to know the present and future. When you get into the party slogans, you'll look around to the current political climate and start searching for the hall of records...real records."
"Admittedly, I listened to the audio version of this book. But the impact was just as striking, more so probably, than if having read a hard cover copy. That said …A really interesting book. Extremely well written. Bizarre but disturbingly relevant. Obviously socialistic in orientation, it leaves one wondering. The ending was inevitable even if not wholly expected. As an old television show noted, ""democracy is a bad form of government, but the others are so much worse."" The really scary part: while extreme in execution, it contains a disturbingly large amount of truth, and a warning to us all to never stop being vigilant. Above all else: to NEVER take our freedom, such as it is, for granted. It should be required reading in high school if only to dissuade would be and want to be liberals and progressives."
"Wish there were a larger print version, I really don't enjoy reading this."
"Amazing!  Thoughtful, suspenseful, and oftentimes funny.  Sady, its also visionary.  The bleak, uninspiring, future of 1984 is still foreseeable today and still frightening."
Book is new so it's obviously in good condition. Shipping was relatively fast. I recommend it.
daughter read it
it's a classic
Good
good Item
It really shines political light on what government may become...
"I loved certain pieces of this book, but at times it read like an old textbook. It doesn't have a happy ending, and it left me feeling utterly perplexed as to why I finished it. It was depressing, and while it did make me think, I'm no better off for having finished it. It wasn't a fluffy, desirable escape from reality. I didn't learn anything helpful about human nature, and I don't really recommend it to anyone. Maybe it just isn't for me, but I can't imagine anyone truly enjoying this book. Perhaps it's purpose isn't to be enjoyed, but I personally read for enjoyment."
good
it a good book come in good shape
Change a few names you have our current administration.
I got a very nice new book for a great price. Decent ship time. Very good story so far
This book was in perfect condition when I received it.
A classic.
"Great book, came in fast!"
"This novel is a must read for every high school senior in America and should be a highly recommended ""must read"" for all college graduates.  How the author Orwell could predict in 1948 what our governments are doing worldwide is so uncanny its frightening.  I only wish ""we the people"" would take notice and attempt to begin changing our government back the way our Constitution says BY LAW what we are suppose to do.  Sadly, this is not the case. If there's any true democracy remaining a hundred years from now people/citizens will look back at this novel and say:  ""They were warned and still did not pay attention."""
It's 1984. What really needs to be said other than that this is a book everyone needs to read no less than every 10 years.
Perhaps more relevant today than ever!
I have heard about this book and I think read it in high school.  Read it just to catch up on the concept as it is still much discussed.  Was surprised how much it actually scared me and how much it impacted my thinking later.
Amazing.
"Nothing can be said about this literary masterpiece that hasn't been said before by smarter people than I.  All I can say is, I read it in high school 40+ years ago and read it again in 2014.  It was a LOT scarier in 2014, because so much of what Orwell predicted has already come about.  It all seem so unbelievable in the mid 20th century. Great book."
I am seeing the world as he said!
"This must be a book only an English teacher would like.  I classify this a worse than ""Catcher and the Rye"""
This is a book that I have read and reread and find that there is always something new to learn from it......
"It's a classic. A thought inspiring, must read."
all time classic
an important work of fiction
Worth the read.
"This book is a Must Read for America.  Written in 1949, it foreshadows much that is happening in our world today.  ""The Book"" that outlines the methods for controlling the population is frightening.  I first read this book in 1956, when I was a teenager.  I didn't understand it and didn't think much of it.  But NOW, more than 50 years later, I am terrified by it.  I recommend ""1984"" to anyone who cares about the state of the world today."
Great book. A must to read. Ideal edition to carry it and read it outdoors.
"It took a little longer than 1984, but it finally came true. Very interesting book. I would have given it a rating of five stars, but I prefer happy endings. I highly recommend it."
A classic and masterpiece. I consider this book the greatest horror novel of all time.
Excellent writing with spectacular vision.
"Thank you Mr. Orwell, for existing."
A read hard to put down. I could visualize the place and the characters vividly. It took my mind to another world and time.
A classic ! Really good book a must read for all high school students.
Just read it. You won't regret it
Required school reading - but still an interesting read.
A must read for anyone that likes to understand the world that we live in.  Shows that free choice is always a better.
Excellent
Everyone should read this. Highly recommended.
Amazing!
This book is very captivating and sort of hard to read all the way through if your not paying very close attention
good book
Thanks
Good
This book is a classic. I read it years ago and enjoy it as much now as I did than.
2 plus 2 = 5?Really don't get all the hub bub. I can both political parties using it but just too far fetched.
i LOVE THIS BOOK HOWEVER I FEEL MR. ORWELL IS OFF BY A FEW YEARS.
5 wordsBig brother is watching you
"Although this book was written many years ago, it's prediction of the future (of 1984) and of today is extremely relevant.  An important read for anyone concerned with an ever increasing ability to electronically monitor and be monitored."
"Very timeless, a  fun story to read.  Thought-provoking now as much as when it was written.  Recommend to high schoolers and anyone who has yet to read it."
"Yeah, there is a reason 1984 is Considered a classic- it's good"
A very detail book about the impending future!
The concepts in this fantasy story can be seen in the news every day
Given as a gift.
I absolutely loved this book. The way 1984 portrays a futuristic tyrannical utopia that even spouts some resemblance to today's generation and it's inhabitants is stunning. Every detail is so vividly described that you can't help but picture the surroundings and events within the story. 1984 definitely is a roller coaster of a ride and I will be looking for more books just like it!
Timeless awesome book. Really makes you think
Beautiful condition and reasonable price. Would do business again 10/10
I love it
Good content & good book.
I absolutely love this book
Thought it would be more compelling.
"Everything that I had expected, and more!"
Great Book!
Good info that's going on today
This was a good book.  I enjoy this author very much.
"Excellent book! It is a captivating story, yet terrifying at the same time about a society under absolute control and vigilance and a man who does not follow the crowd. Even thought it is 600 something pages, it is a quick read because it is very interesting! Highly recommended!"
An excellent classic!  Used as one of the books for my homeschoolers 10th grade English.
This would have given chills thru the spine to those people who read during Cold War time.
Product delivered as promised.
"Frightening, Captivating, Thought-provoking."
"This is definitely a timeless book, a book that will only increase in importance as the hour advances... Classic Literature!"
great sticker
"A classic, of course. I read 1984 20 years ago and just listened to it recently on audiobook. After listening to it, I realized how excellent it was written; the author using so much detail to describe each individual, setting, object, etc. so that you can picture it in your mind."
Great book. I recommend it.
Classic! It's a classic for a reason. Read it twice. Or was it three times?
"It was a great book, it does make you cautious of government! Lol and running in shady areas by yourself."
Glad I waited to read this literary gem. Well worth the time if you are in the mood to think.
"One of the great works of the twentieth century and one of the greatest works of political satire ever written. Orwell uses and expands upon the old Soviet Union as the basis for a dystopian society which illustrates the tendency of government to exercise power for its own sake and the susceptibility of human beings to coercion and manipulation. It is an argument for limited government. Any expansion of government power, whether police power, military power or social welfare programs,  results in a corresponding loss of individual freedom."
A real classic! Truly terrifying.
One of my favorite novels of all time.
"A real prophecy, as valid today as when it was written, still a good read."
"Building my library with the Classics! This book was written way before most of us were born, and when read were completely convinced this kind of government control could never happen! Unfortunately, we look around and find some of the books content to be eerily familiar! Animal Farm is another book by him that is a must to read!"
"Orwell's prediction of totalitarian government in this book is by no means dated, as the title suggests.  Point of fact, one could almost say he was off by 31 years.  Is our world as dark as the world he paints, no, at least not yet.  As I read the pages, however, I did see the fulfilment of some of his prognostications evident in society.1984 should serve as a warning, but to many in power, I dare say it is used as a blueprint.A must read for any fan of dystopias, this is the proverbial grand-daddy."
Makes you think.
"Orwell's vision of the state machine assuming the ability to rob each of us of our individuality to ensure conformity is pessimistic and yet, at times, all too much of a reality in various parts of our world in 2015.The mayhem for individuals is compounded by the fact that the state comes to control not only our lifestyles but also even our individual thoughts and emotions which otherwise make up the difference between each of us so that we become, ultimately, no more than flesh-clad automatons. The Ministry of Love would be laughable - if the reality was not horrific - and apart from the intrusiveness of the state's minions, together with cameras everywhere and the possibility of eventual genetic manipulation, such a state could too easily emerge from Orwell's insights under a tyrant."
An amazing read. However not for the faint of heart!
The dystopian future is here. Big Brother is definitely watching all of us nowadays.
Ordered for my gandaughter
"Order for my daughter, she liked it"
thank you
Definitely one of the greatest dystopian novels of all time
great
This book is probably one of the best classic novels I have read.  I would highly recomend this boook to anyone.  Expecialy because of the refrences to this book in pop culture and politics.
"I don't know if this is considered a ""classic"" or not, but it's definitely one of those ""books teachers make you read in school."" Because of that, I went into this somewhat reluctantly. It's a book I've always wanted to read, mostly because I just felt obligated to read, but I didn't think I'd really enjoy it.I was pleasantly surprised by how enjoyable it actually was. Maybe ""enjoyable"" is the wrong word. I mean, let's be honest: this is a pretty depressing, almost horrifying book. If you want something uplifting, don't read 1984, because you're probably going to walk away from it feeling pretty awful. But it was much easier to read and get absorbed in than I had expected. The characters are a bit bland, but I thought that actually fit very well considering the setting. The plot had little twists and turns that kept things interesting, but I think what really drew me in was just how thought-provoking this book is. The world George Orwell has created definitely resonates with some of the things we see in our world today, and even though the year 1984 has come and gone, I think this is a book that will remain relevant for decades to come."
Great sized font
"In the fictional nation of Oceania, Winston Smith, a low ranking member of the controlling party, works in the Ministry of Truth. His job is to alter past events to fall in line with the party’s propaganda.  Though Winston holds a low level position, it is an important one. In Oceania, The strongest tool for keeping order in the nation is thought control. To achieve this, the leaders of the controlling party have installed telescreens, in every room to watch over all people and prevent anything called thoughtcrime. This invasion of privacy forces Winston into constant paranoia. Winston’s disapproval of the ruling party leads him to join a secret anti-Party group, the Brotherhood, with his secret lover Julia.  The man whom Winston believed to be a powerful member of the Brotherhood, O’Brien, turns out to be a member of the Party. With Winston and Julia’s thoughtcrime noted, the Party then takes Winston to the Ministry of Love then to the dreaded Room 101. To avoid giving away too many spoilers, my summary will end with Winston in the control of the Party. I recommend this book to everybody, as it is one of my favorite books. It gives an in depth look into a totalitarian government all while making it a fun read. If you have any interest in the Soviet Union or communism, this book is for you."
Fantastic novel with captivating messages and a unique plot. I really enjoyed seeing all sides of the characters and grasping the understanding of the author's outstanding views.
Chilling - is this our future or our past?
I ma very happy with the product and service.
Awesome book from another AWESOME book lover. (:
GREAT!
"Really love the book, i think everyone should read it"
not my favorite book but daughter needed for school
"I read....no, I looked at this book many years ago while at school. Rereading it today with the benefit of greater life experience made this classic come alive. I'm sure the subtleties were lost on me during my school years,  but in the current world, the messages conveyed by Orwell are as relevant as ever.I really enjoyed rereading 1984, it is a gripping and well constructed comment of what is and what might be."
GREAT BOOK FOR ITS TIME
classic big brothers watching
"This is my favorite book of all time.  Absolutely incredible.Anyone who gave this book a bad rating (3 or under) is, quite simply, incorrect.  No, they don't just have a different yet equally valid opinion.  They simply got this one wrong.  The idea that a book or a movie could be objectively good, despite garnering some small amount of negative reviews, really shouldn't be a controversial idea.  Go to rotten tomatoes and look up any movie that is objectively great, and I guarantee it won't be at 100%.  That means certain critics (usually a very small minority) leave scathing reviews of even some of the greatest movies ever made.  The same thing happens with books, and it is what has happened here anytime you see a review that's 3 or less.  I'm not saying it has to be everyone's favorite book like it is mine.  But I am saying that it's an amazing book, objectively.  A 4 out of 5 is about the lowest I could imagine a reasonable person going."
AP Literature requirement
This is for me to keep in my book collections of wonderful books
Great book. Good Condition.
"I love stories of clandestine uprisings in the name of truth. This one's a beauty, and while I don't want to give anything away, the ending made the book really special to me in terms of how memorable it was. Love it."
Great
good
"Very well written. Kept me hooked with its creative storyline. Could easily be compared to life nowadays, metaphorically speaking of course."
Good book about Totalitarian governments
This book was a great option! Plus everything went as planned with the purchase.
"After seeing the Equilizer my aunt and I decided to do a 100 books everyone should read and this was the #2 on my list. I really enjoyed the book once it started picking up. I don't remember which part it was but it was before 100 pages. What I'm saying is, don't give up on this book too soon. Just wait like me and you'll be sAtisfied!"
great book really makes you think
It's a classic I have been trying to read for a while and finally got through. The setting up of the environment draws some interesting parallels to today but at this point in a somewhat outdated technological type of way. The middle act went long and the third act was ok but wrapped quickly. I don't know. I like books that leave a profound nagging to analyze my view of the world. This one really did not.
Not as expected.  Underlying premise is correct but the story did not keep me engaged.
"Must read, extremely realistic and fantastically tragic. It was full of surprises and great philosophy... kudos to george w Orwell.."
good
It was a fascinating read of whats happening
"Got it within 2-3 days.So happy, no damages & fast delivery. :)"
"This was written a while ago but the future could look like this in a few years. The saccharin ration was funny. Who uses saccharin now a days. I'm assuming sugar was absent except in the booze. Good book, I put it on my reread shelf."
Best book of all time.
"I completely fell in love with this book. Everything; the narration, the characters, the descriptions were masterfully woven. I would immediately recommend this book to anyone who is old enough to read it. It is truly one of the greatest books I have read."
"Good but tedious at times. Good to be aware of what Big Brother is doing to us all!!!! Not the ending I expected, or would have liked."
Great book. Builds up over time. Elegant writing style.
Reading in your youth is not enough.  This book is richer in middle age.  Well worth the time and timeless.
We're almost there!
I feel like I just read the backstory to the Hunger Games.  Good. Disturbing. Fairly profound. Definitely worth a read.
Interesting
Came fast and a great read!
A struggle to get through.
Very good condition
"I have now read the most terrifying, frightening, horrifying book of all time, a chilling prophecy of a future that is both impossible not to read once you start, and hard to keep going in a lot of place. I LOVED 1984 by George Orwell. I now know that there is nothing that Stephen King or anyone else can tell that can ever arouse in me the fear, the shudder, the horrors of The Thought Police and Big Brother and the unforgettably disturbing O'Brien character.I never read this book in high school, so when it showed up on Kindle Unlimited, I snatched it - lucky for me, the audio came along with it. Double the horror, the terror, the fright. First, I begin by saying that I find it mildly ironic that in 1984, I lived in a place that was a figment of Orwell's predictions, in the Islamic Revolution of Iran, and while reading this difficult-to-digest masterpiece, the memories that I was certain I had long forgotten only came back into clear view. Winston was not a character you fell in love with or madly cared about, but he was an unfortunate victim of a mad world running on mad logic, mad government and mad laws. It was madness, I kept thinking as did Winston Smith, how can they do this? And yet they did. The bleak dark dismal world that George Orwell painted will remain intact in my mind for eternity, because it touched on the thing I fear the most - and that is something you do not forget easily.The writing is exquisite, superb, thunderous to the beating heart of the reader which has already slowed down a good amount. The story telling is so powerful that sometimes you just draw yourself out of the plot and just listen with joy - did I mention I was listening to it mostly? - listen to the art of writing, the perfection in the craft. If only the story were less dismal, less bleak, more tolerable, and I admit I almost put it down, I almost couldn't take it when they were discovered and then I thought, I owe it to George Orwell, I owe it to him to finish what he set out to tell us, and I will not stop until the very last words.Someone commented that she hated Julia. I found this intriguing. I do put down books when I hate the main character or even a major secondary character but 1984 was different. I did not read this book to love or hate any character, - there were no heroes here, and although I hated quite a few, I don't think love for the characters was the emotion that came to mind. Connecting with them and feeling their pain more than anything was my reason for staying with them to the end.I have to admit there is one section I did not like - and could not appreciate - and that was Goldstein's manuscript. It was necessary to the story, it was important to Orwell to write that I am sure, but it took away from the story and the plot both, and it was deeply complex - I was glad when Winston put the book down and the story continued .... but as I write this, I realize that not being able to appreciate this part of the book makes me more like Julia's character, and I wish Julia cared more about the manuscript too. But then again, what difference would it have made? None whatsoever.A recent book I finished, which had another most chilling effect on me from a dystopian future was Margaret Atwood's A Handmaid's Tale, and I can see so many parallels between the two and after looking it up, I'm not at all surprised that Atwood was indeed influenced by 1984 to write the story of the Republic of Gilead, a state ruled by religious fundamentalists. So if you enjoyed Orwell's 1984 - yes I do realize ""enjoy"" may not be the appropriate word, ooooh I wonder what the Newspeak term for it would be !!! - anyway if you appreciated Orwell's work, you will appreciate A Handmaid's Tale.Next for me, Animal Farm. I don't expect an upbeat story in that one either. Oh well, it shall be so as it must be done. Hope this review helps you decide whether to read or move on from the book. And on top of that, appreciate the fact that you indeed do have the freedom to CHOOSE, a priceless gift that you would miss sorely if it were stripped from you by the Thought Police. Just sayin'."
"This book was at unbelievable. Orwell did such a great job at showing what was significant through ,objects and events. This book left me thinking and speechless at times. It is definitely a classic. His thought of freedom and government was interesting i found this book to be an easy read and i highly recommend it."
THis book is for my daughter and she love it
I read this book for my book club and I enjoyed it some what. It was interesting to think about what could of happened if the Nazis had of won the war.
1984 has earned its recognition as a classic with the originality of its idea.  But the novel suffers in its execution.  It reads almost like a cross between and academic text and a sermon not a novel.  Thankfully the important ideas in the novel have lived on in popular culture so you can get the best parts of it without actually having to slog through it.
A replacement copy. Worth reading once again.
"1984 is a classic and I highly recommend that everyone take the time to read this book. While people will always disagree on how this book makes them feel and if they truly enjoy the content, it is important to read and understand this subject matter and how this relates to mankind and society. It address many aspects of oppressive governments of the past, most notably Stalin, but also touches on some issues that we deal with today in our modern surveillance heavy society.This copy is great and comes with a fabric bookmark attached which I always think is a great touch books you want to add to your collection."
"I find this book really interesting, I'm not really fond to read books but I had to read it for an English class and this book changed my view of the world. The book was really easy to understand at least for me and I don't speak English fluently. Would highly recommend, you would not get bored with this book."
Mandatory reading
Arrived one time. Brand new.
Came in perfect condition. Looks wonderful
"Wonderfully written, and unfortunately as relevant today as it was when it was written."
Great book. Very eye opener.
Great read a must have.
Discover what the hype is about and read this book.
"Don't be fooled by the animal characters, this is a chilling book and a clear depiction of the cruelty and brutality of the Soviets; the lies, the genocide (the Russian purges) and betrayal were all part of a regime that oppressed their own people. Orwell shows us that sometimes, when looking for freedom, we endanger ourselves into following rulers that might be even worse."
Scarier now than when I read it in 1968 because the masses are just insignificant numbers to those in power.  Should be mandatory reading for high school.
Great
"Winston Smith lives in England under a totalitarian government called ""the Party"". Winston works in The Ministry of Truth as a person who alters the history of the world. But one day, Winston meets up with a lady named Julia and they commit their lives to the Brotherhood, an anti-government group. It goes well for Winston and Julia, until they become outlaws wanted by the Party.1984 is an excellent book. The author of Animal Farm and this novel,George Orwell created a thrilling and intense story. He creates a feeling to the reader that something is wrong with this ""government"". The government in Winston's society doesn't want people to know about the past.If they do, they may rebel. So, in response, they alter the present so Winston's government can look to them as superior. In effect, citizens of ""Oceania"", where Winston lives, are completely oblivious to what really has happened in the past. Moreover, the government wants people to know what they're doing so that they don't rebel. For example, there are laws against ""thoughtcrime"". ""Thoughtcrime"" is a crime committed in your thoughts like having hatred for the Party, but in secret. Another example of this is the government sets up cameras and microphones everywhere so they can bust people for ""thoughtcrime"". One of the goals of Winston's government is to take over the world and enforce their law around the world. The man at the top of all of this is Big Brother. He's the supreme ruler of Oceania. He's the one in charge of everything; the Party, the agencies and his people. While living in this world, Winston learns of the Brotherhood, an anti-Party agency. he decides to join this agency because he feels that something is wrong about his government and he wants to change it and give everybody their freedoms back.When 1984 was first published in 1949, it generally got excellent reviews. Some of these reviews came from V.S. Pritchett, P.H. Newby, and Bertrand Russell. But a negative review of the book came from Edward Shanks, a book reviewer for the Sunday Times. Shanks claimed that 1984 ""Breaks all records for gloomy vaccination"". I do not agree with Shanks's review of 1984. I think it's a great book with a lot of adventure, suspense, and action. So all in all, it's a great book and I encourage everybody to read it."
"This book will never be outdated. It is obvious to see why it's still a required reading in most schools. Although, true appreciation for this book comes with maturity. Everyone should read it at least once."
"First of all, the shipping was very fast. I ordered it just 2 days ago. The book was in great condition. I had an amazing time reading it. I recommend this to everyone."
This has been the third time I have read 1984 ! I read it in high school literature class and again in college. Thoroughly captivated me each time.
"Timeless classic. Read it,  Guy had a crystal ball."
This book f'ed me up man. Oh my gosh. Mentally exhausted and just overall feeling pretty sad. This is what we are living and no one seems to notice. Guess we are all proles.
A thought provoking novel which speaks if modern day issues. George Orwell seems to have been able to see the future.
"This marks the third time I've read this book (previously in 1989 at the age of 14, and again in 2007).One of the most important novels ever written, but also one of the most depressing (though the tone and manner in which the Appendix is written does offer the reader a wee-bitty glimmer of hope). More frighteningly relevant than ever: on the one hand, sure, thankfully, 31 years after ""1984"" was supposed to have taken place (and 67 years after it was actually written), democracy and capitalism still exist, and the Iron Curtain has collapsed; on the other hand, seeing how even in the free-market democracies, Big Government has gotten more and more intrusive into private citizens' lives (see the NSA surveillance scandal in the US, the presence of CCTV cameras on practically every street corner in London, the ability of spy satellites in geosynchronous orbit thousands of miles above the Earth to take close up shots of people and property alike), not to mention any idiot with a camera phone to record your activities and emulate the Junior Spies of Orwell's book, and it becomes readily apparent that the technological potential for a Big Brother-type omnipresent superstate is stronger than ever. The year 1984 may have come and gone, but lovers of civil liberty need to be more vigilant than ever in this day and age, and reading Orwell's book helps to drive that point home."
"Great book, a little bummed about the condition of the book though."
Unique and amazingly applicable to today's human life.
It is very nice book in describing what our future society will be. It is nice book to read.
"An amazing classic, which even today tells much about the systems that rule us and an individual's helplessness. Depressing but true...must read."
Excellent condition and a an excellent read
Being a child of the 60's I am going slow on this reread
"Along with  Brave new World, it is more alive today than ever before."
A true classic.
upgrading my books to hardcover
"This is my third copy. I've read this so many times over the years and each time I read it, it seems more prophetic."
"I bought it used, so I'm not going to complain about the book's well being. Nevertheless, a great read and scary take on totalitarianism. Though I see similarities between the current state of the world and ""1984"", the totalitarianism of which Orwell writes is over-the-top and slightly cartoon-y, but I respect his critique on the matter. It is a modern classic that I heavily encourage others to pick up."
Had to read for homework and didn't like the book.  BUT  the order met my expectations.
"A great book that should be on the reading list of anyone interested in philosophy or government.This verision holds up well to multiple readings, readers, and transit."
Must read to get you ready for the NWO that's fast approaching!!!!!
One of the best books ever written. It is still popular today because of the plot. I read it twice. and would read t again. Just remember that Big Brother may be watching.
Good.
One of the worst I ever read.
It's crazy how little has changed over all these years.
GREAT BOOK!!  I can see why it is a classic.  I couldn't put it down!
"I don't get it. I've made a practice of reading some of the 'classics' and this one to me, is just dreadful. Not a redeeming character or trait. How it became a classic is beyond me. It reeks of something students are forced to read in school and shame on the teachers who perpetuate this dreary read. There are many better choices to show that reading can push a message *and* be enjoyable. I can't imagine enjoying this book."
For me I got really bored half way through . And quite tho I got the story and seems to be possible
Great classic.
"One thing sure is clear after reading 1984.  The phrase ""Orwellian"" was defined for me.  After hearing so many interesting reviews of this book by friends and family I took the plunge.  Having read Animal Farm some 45 years ago, 1984 seemed a good bet.  Funny how things come back to you.  Didn't take long for 1984 to remind me of Animal Farm in many ways.  Orwell's style sure came back even after so many years reminding me of Animal Farm in many ways.  In all honesty fiction of this type really isn't my thing, so that being said it's easy to understand how Orwell is viewed so positively by many.  As a story it dragged me along enough to finish fairly quickly but left me with a very hollow feeling.  There's certainly enough thought provocation to keep one thinking long and hard about how something like this could come to be?  If in fact it already hasn't?Don't like reviews which give too much away so with that I'll stop.  If you like to read the (classics) I suppose 1984 is good for that purpose.  One thing I did enjoy was the twist on language and words used with skill to describe the story.  Many of these words I've added to my daily vocabulary as perfect description of things happening today.  George Orwell certainly had some visionary perspective."
Not the same cover as advertised but this book stands among my favorites for too many reasons to list the fact that this was all within the mind of one man is staggering.
As we careen towards our forever brightening futures the reading of this book sufficiently grounds one's ambition with sobering sincerity.
"Perhaps not one of the best books ever written, but definitely one of the most important. For someone living in Russia anno 2014, it is uncanny to read Orwell's minutely thought-out depiction of a totalitarian state and analysis of its underlying principles. Koestler's ""Darkness at Noon"" is perhaps the only other book to plumb similar depths. Masterful."
It truly is a classic story that is a must read for everyone.
Fast delivery. Great merchandise!
"I was assigned this book for my English class, not just to analyze symbolism but to draw comparison to the world today. It shows a startling truth in the direction of the world and really opens your eyes to the truth of power, as well as a lesson into just what true ""power"" is.All this done with great storytelling that gets you stuck reading early on."
"Well if you love an easy flowing story where everything is all flowers and rainbows with a happy ending... then go read something else. 1984 is a window into a world you don't want to live in and unfortunately is closer to becoming a reality everyday. Everything from NSA spying on us to politically correct speech is covered in this book and where it will all lead to. There is a movie version of this book starring John Hurt which is great, but I suggest seeing it after reading the book. Now you may ask yourself why I rated it a 4 instead of 5 stars, well I'm too picky when giving a 5 star rating and the book has to be almost perfect and I need to really connect with it. That said there were a few sections of the story that didn't really need to be there and seem to just fill up space. Look on the bright side, 4 stars mean it's a great book and is worth your time to read so feel free to do so without hesitation."
This has always been one of my favorite books and I believe it ashtrays will be. It is relatively short but it's absolutely beautiful.
Lol
Great Classic.
As contemporary now as ever. I had forgotten how wonderful a writer Orwell is.A book about the unknown unknowns.
All is well.
"The dystopian literature classic ""1984"" by George Orwell is known today by the general public through catchphrases and Super Bowl commercials, however the introduction of the ""Orwellian nightmare"" this novel presented in the late 1940s were eye-opening at the time.The novel begins with Winston Smith making his way to his apartment and putting his crimethink into practice by starting a diary.  We then follow Winston as continues his one-man rebellion against Big Brother and the Party.  Soon Winston finds a comrade in Julia, a rebel from the waist down, and the two begin an affair.  The affair and their rebellion ends when the Thought Police arrest them, led by Inner Party leader O'Brien, who Winston believed to be a rebel as well.  Then Winston is tortured and brainwashed into becoming a loving member of the Party, happy to return Big Brother's love and can not wait to announce his crimes.The broken and oppressive world in which Winston lives is a stunning contrast to what the reader is accustomed to as well as the contradictory political language that the Party uses in its rule.  These foundational constructions by Orwell using Winston's internal thoughts help the reader understand the Oceania of 1984 as well as Winston's acceptance of already being dead.  The misunderstanding by Winston of who was his friend and who was his enemy is done expertly by Orwell, giving the novel breathe as well as some added character depth.  Orwell's unsettling writing of Winston's imprisonment, torture, and brainwashing make the last third of the book the most powerful as we see the character we've gotten to know for almost 200 pages change in front of our eyes.However, Orwell's Party doesn't seem that bright given what O'Brien states during Winston's torture.  The Thought Police had been following Winston for seven years, which meant they were allowing Winston to potentially infect other Party members with his crimethink.  The fact that they were able to capture Julia, a rebel of her own, seems like an attempt by Orwell to save the Party's face but it only makes it more glaring.  For all their talk of power, they seemed pretty powerless to just let Winston keep walking around free for seven years.  This one flaw leads to the reader noticing some others less egregious flaws in the overall work, but nothing that doesn't effect the overall quality of the writing.In the end, the themes and ideas that Orwell introduced continue to be debated even today with government surveillance and media manipulation.  However what Orwell could never have imagined was the individual people could compete with the government and media in distorting the truth by way of Photoshop.  ""1984"" is a warning about how man could be robbed of his human nature either through passive education or more extreme persuasion, the story of Winston Smith keeps reminding the reader that everyone needs to fight to keep their basic nature."
Phenomenal read.
I liked the book but my daughter was less than enthusiastic about it. It's a classic!
"""We are all equal ,just some are more equal than others ""......this is a classic that makes one think."
"This is a classic, and a must-read for everybody in the world."
"Great. Thrilling. Terrifying. Nineteen Eighty-Four is all of these things, and more. There are a growing amount of parallels to current times, scarily enough. The latter part of the book is rough, but stick through it and you'll feel better once you've finished it. I'm not going to say you'll be glad you did, because I don't think you will, I didn't. It's just a book you have to read for yourself, there's a reason why you've likely heard it's name numerous times before."
Book for Husband which he has enjoyed a lot!
"Boring, boring, boring"
needed for school
Lots of parallels to today's world.... and it is a fictional book!
Required text book
read this years ago but not since
Must read for everyone.
A timeless and salutary classic that reminds us of what society can develop into with an uninformed and propagandized populace.
"For a while, I had been meaning to read this classic novel. First time I got around it, I didn't finish it. But when I finally got to it a second time, I read it, appreciating the unpretentious and simple prose, the brilliant and seamlessly meshed Juvenalian satire that Orwell uses, the fully realized world, the characterization of Winston, and the desire for freedom and opposition to authoritarianism.1984 is one of the great works of literature of all time, for style, theme, content and impact. I will re-read it again in time, hoping to find even more insights and further appreciate this book's greatness."
Excellent  quality.
"A most important book that all Americans should read. Essentially we are already living this nightmarewith political correctness, thought police, Newspeak, etc."
A classic. Amazing!
wow! Amazing fast. I would buy again. excellent condition.
One of my favorite books of all time. George Orwell is the most eloquent poet of all time. Although a mere prediction of what was to come he seems to be ever more closer to the truth as technology evolves. Just a fantastic story of oppressing governments and the will of people to fight but without the disney happy ever after garbage most people are content with having.
"Most excellent, I watched the movie as a kid but never actually read the book. It seems to have been written well over half a century early."
Tiny book was looking for larger hardcover. Suited the purpose
Very interesting book! I was glad it was available in an audiobook.
"This story is now 64 years old, and as powerful and readable as ever.  Orwell's ideas were and are genius.  This is a classic of science fiction.  Anyone who loves science fiction should include ""1984"" in their cannon.  Highly recommended."
You should read this book. You know why? Because the NSA is monitoring everyone who looks up/purchases this book. Be smart. Read it. It's important.
Great gift for a collector of books!
"George Orwell’s 1984 explores an entirely new aspect of human nature, and causes readers to think about the future of society. 1984 begins by introducing readers to the ever present and scary dictatorship of Big Brother, a fictitious and structured version of God. Big Brother is a surrounding and all controlling aspect of the book, creating a main-character vibe while focusing on the lives of many characters. Orwell writes 1984 in the late 1940s based on the influence of Nazi Germany, illustrating a dark society and providing readers with his image of England under totalitarian rule. Big Brother exists to control every aspect of life and every second of time. Orwell exemplifies a Government that has rewritten all history books, forces its citizens to keep their television screens on at all times, promotes “hate” propaganda that evaporates any thoughts concerning rebellion, and monitors their relationships.  The novel takes place in a depressing and dark time. There is never enough food, clothes or resources to accommodate everyone, overall adding to the cynical and depressing mood of the story. In addition to the creepy surveillance of the government, the characters never seem to understand what is going on. For example, there is a war and bombs that kill people in the streets that no one understands or even seems to question.  Readers are introduced to Big Brother from the viewpoints of the main character, Winston Smith, who secretly wants to rebel against Big Brother. Winston tests the boundaries by keeping a secret journal to preserve the past and to reflect on his thoughts. Towards the middle of the book, Winston starts to form relationships, which are considered illegal. A romantic bond is formed between our main character and a girl named Julia, who shares Winston’s hate for the controlling and overpowering “party.” A friendship is also formed between Winston and a man named O’Brien, whom Winston is drawn to, and believes they share an intellectual connection.  O’Brien is introduced to the relationship between Julia and Winston, and in the end, betrays his good “friend.” O’Brein turns out to be a powerful and sophisticated member the Inner Party. The thought police capture Julia and Winston and root out all ideas of rebellion. They are carried off to Ministry of Love for torture, and ultimately both Winston and Julia betray their feelings towards one another. The government brain washes and breaks Winston and Julia, and readers discover the dominant cruelty of Big Brother. In conclusion, Big Brother wanted to exercise complete power, and in the end, “He loved Big Brother.”  Thus, the main idea of George Orwell’s 1984, was to emphasize an idea of the future, and to demonstrate to readers that a human being can be broken down completely, even if it is 2+2=5, like the teachings of Big Brother. However, Orwell leaves readers with a positive message too, showcasing the trouble and hardship to push people to a place where they can be broken and dominated by someone else’s thoughts."
World class book
Psychological and philosophical gibberish
Scary stuff. Amazing that this was written so long ago. We are moving in the direction the book proposes right now
Prophetic
"The cold emptiness of the mind numbing tyranny of the ""Big Brother"" society  comes through the writing.  The vocabulary control of the government is reminiscent of the direction our politically correct debate is going.  I hope this book is required reading in our schools along with ""Darkness at Noon"".The description of a sexual liasone in the land of the anti-sex league was chilling enough to render Viagra totally useless."
"I have to commend one of the brilliant minds of all time, George Orwell. Animal farm was one of my favourite books and 1984 was no different. I find Orwell's political novels endearing and captivating. This futuristic novel touches upon life within totalitarianism. Where war is peace, freedom is slavery and ignorance is strength. I loved everything about this book, I have no idea how Orwell manages to come up with these genius concepts of Ingsoc and Newspeak, Two Minute Hate and thought-crimes. This intense yet stimulating novel is definitely entertaining and gives an insight into the extreme possibility of such a dictatorship. Definitely worth a read!"
"Orwell outdid himself here! Great read, timeless."
Makes you think about what is going on in our country today about what is being taught about our history and how it is being revised or omitted.
"This should be required reading for everyone so all can learn the dangers of giving the government (or any political party, corporation, or organization) too much power."
Prophetic. It's like the times we live in.
Should be a require reading considering the Utopian hysteria that has overwhelmed the country in the past years. Amazing how he predicted the future. Juts had the years wrong. But we do have a big brother government.
Classic dystopian novel.
"A classic for a reason. I am glad I took the time to read this again, as an adult. A deeper understanding of the world makes this a much more terrifying story than it did as a student."
"I heard of this book for many years. However, I never reddit so I got the audio book. I am writing this review at my farm, looking at my pigs. I will never look at them the same again!"
Awesome read
disturbing how prophetic this book is!  Every American should read it at least once-
classic
Great classic that is now part of my collection.
"I thought this book was new but it arrived and had bends in the cover, some folds on the pages, and had a musty smell to it.  I suppose that's okay because it's not a gift but I would be disappointed if it were."
My son liked it.
Read this in high school in 1970. Very interesting to re-read this futuristic story way past 1984
Lost my old one. The reread really scared the hell out of me! Seems as if Orwell knew what was going to happen. Just got his chronology a little off.
"This intensely perverse ""cautionary tale"" is not more than boring science fiction-I enjoy Aldous Huxley or Ayn Rand far more."
Makes you think...
"Found this book difficult, depressing, no humor."
There's not even words to describe the emotionally compelling adventure this story puts you through. George Orwell wrote this book in the past but it will continue to speak to the future generations for years to come. The age of Big Brother will never cease to entertain and to induce discussion.
still a classic- he was a prophet
Five Stars! The unnerving thing about this book was that even though it was written in 1949 .... the story is relevant today! Kind of scary!
"Though still thematically interesting, particularly in this country's age of constant surveillance of its own citizens, it lacks the literary appeal that might once have made it more exciting."
I only have it 4 stars because it's a very depressing book. Sadly I can see the world turning this way!But it is a classic and it is beautifully written! Just make sure to read something happy before and after so you don't develope a little depression after reading this ;)
Wow. I don't know why I never read this book before. Orwell writes some truly frightening material here.
Excellent condition copy!
"Ordered this book but got a total different version of it. I bought this book for a class so it did not really matter, but three stars because I did not receive the book that is shown."
This review is for the seller not the book itself.  It is impossible to to provide a review of the content as the poor quality of the book made it impossible to read.  Missing pages and redundant pages made the book unreadable and no resolution from seller nor Amazon.  Only $10 but I might as well have thrown the money in the trash.
A dystopian classic.  Highly recommended.
"Very dark, very good."
"1984 was on my list of classic must-read books for quite some time. While Orwell's concept was fascinating, I'm looking forward to my next book which will surely be more upbeat than 1984."
"My first read of a George Orwell novel. The book came highly recommended by a writer friend. Anyway, as a novel, it doesn't score very highly. But as a platform for ideas, it does. A must read for anyone who is interested in alternate history and how pliable the human mind really is."
"I've never read a bleaker view of a society where domination of others is the driving force. This novel must have terrified people during the cold war, but even today it serves as a stern warning of what could go wrong, especially in a technological age where less and less privacy exists. The 'telescreen' is the internet & mobile phone. Everyone should read this depressingly powerful book."
Essential reading for anyone trying to make sense of where our leaders are steering our culture. Parents should require their students to read this before the allow them to get the latest IPhone or trendy gadget. I first read it in high school.
A classic concerning psychology and group-think!
Increasingly relevant book.  Scary in it's realness.  Are we doomed?
"Great price,fast delivery"
Must read for this day and age.
It was great loved it
good
Lovd it but difficult to readd without lots of processing
It took me three times to read this. But wow! How chilling.
"A great read for those that love dystopian books, I enjoyed every bit of this book, from the first page to the last."
Read it in high school and never appreciated it. Much better now.
EXCELLANT
"Required reading even though it's not that great as literature because of its influence on our society.  This book gave us a number of new words as well a new way of looking at our political environment.  Politicians still find these expressions as useful in raising the paranoia of their constituents.  Obviously Orwell was effective in presenting us with a new way of looking at our world.  However, I believe Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn told the same story much more effectively."
Read it and realize where we are in USA. How did he know this? Was he a wizard?
"Read it! Amazing! Twisted world, makes you feel the emotions and feel like part of its world when reading it!"
On the list of books that should be read for a reason. I enjoyed it immensely and did note many parallels to our world.
"Everyone should read this novel. In the year 2014, we're living it. I don't know how Orwell saw into our future, but he did."
"1984 is constantly referenced in contemporary culture and politics, a ""must read"" for understanding the modern world."
"1984 is probably the best-written book I've pulled from the shelf to date. That there's an absorbing and urgent narrative here as well is icing on the Orwellian cake. The lessons of Oceania transcend era and have lasting value for those working to organize and uplift society.It's as if Orwell has reached into the future and touched the mood of the present. One can connect with ease Orwell's cautionary dystopia to the depredations of American privacy that have surfaced in just the last couple of years. Much of 1984's quirky ""Newspeak""--terms like thoughtcrime, doublethink and Big Brother--have been absorbed into the modern idiom. Among the rarefied collective of the greatest writers the English language has ever known, George Orwell painstakingly crafted a penetrating, prophetic tale, a world within a world, a spiraling ideascape whose tendrils integrate seamlessly with the realities of modern life.Here's a small sampling of the winged brilliance flanking the reader at every turn:""He was a fattish but active man of paralyzing stupidity, a mass of imbecile enthusiasms - one of those completely unquestioning, devoted drudges on whom, more even than on the Thought Police, the stability of the Party depended."" (p. 22)""She had a bold, aquiline face, a face that one might have called noble until one discovered that there was as nearly as possible nothing behind it."" (p. 66)""Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."" (p. 70)""But there was still that memory moving round the edges of his consciousness, something strongly felt but not reducible to definite shape, like an object seen out of the corner of one's eye."" (p. 122)""To hang on from day to day and from week to week, spinning out a present that had no future, seemed an unconquerable instinct, just as one's lungs will always draw the next breath so long as there is air available."" (p. 152)""What opinions the masses hold, or do not hold, is looked on as a matter of indifference. They can be granted intellectual liberty because they have no intellect."" (p. 210)Recommended companion reading:- Brave New World by Aldous Huxley (1932)- Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business by Neil Postman (1985)"
"I remember reading this in elementary school. Little did I know, that it would be the direction that America would eventually take. This makes G.Orwell a prophet in many ways. We are slowly, but surely, becoming a totalitarian society. We lose rights every day with laws passed that are taking away our freedoms. Seat belt laws, illegal words, forced immunization shots (much like Nazi Germany) and the lost could go on and on.I mean seriously, do people who not win a competition/event really deserve a trophy? No. But for some reason people want to award losers, as if they were the winners. Equality can be taken to far, as G. Orwell has  shown in the prophetic book on America in the classic story 1984.Read this and see what the future of a once great country based on freedom of choice and speech has in store for its citizens."
I am still in the process of reading this book.very interesting material recommended for others to read.five stars rating.
"A must read! By far the best Orwell book, and really involves you in a world that is just believable enough it can disturb you."
"Explains the goals and purpose of the current US Democratic Party. Endles power and use the people to get it, no morals, no allegiance except to keping power. Example: total calls for war with Iraq in 1997-2000 by Democrats to Clinton (on the Congressional Record, look for yourself) but Bush is President and the history is re-written to we never said that. 1984! Only catch is although the Dems media control is good its not complete yet. But they are dumbing down schools, media and destroying family,  middle class and trying to remove guns...so Govt becomes total control...1984!"
This book can change your ideas about an absolute power over mind and soul. Big Brother is Always Watching! Beware.
"I mainly read this book as research for a future project, but I did very much enjoy Orwell's use of imagery. The only thing I didn't care for was the long passages about the history and government...yeah, those have never been my personal favorites."
Very good book a page turner to say the least! The kind of book that everyone should read. Good literature
good
"Book sucks, but it arrived on time so there's that."
good read!
"This is not your typical boy-meets-girl fairytale, but it is a love story of sorts nevertheless. Comrade Winston Smith (who is married) meets Inner Party member Julia and they have what they believe to be a super-secret love affair, but unbeknownst to them the affair is never really a secret (because Big Brother is always watching), and results in the torture and ultimate execution of Winston. If it were not for the pages devoted to this love affair, this disturbing book centered on a totalitarian society would really be depressing. And it is a depressing book, if you want to know the truth.RECCOMENDED for serious and committed readers only; because you will have to be serious and committed in order to finish this book. I’m not kidding. Best Regards."
"When I was in my junior year of high school we stared reading this book and I found it to be very interesting, there are only we a few books that I had to read in school that I can say that about. We were running short on time though so we did a lot of skipping and we didn't really finish the book so I decided to purpurchase it on my favorite site, Amazon lol. The book is nice, clean, brand new, I love it and I can't wait to read it again.  I am definitely happy with this purchase."
"I hated this book because of the brutality!  I doubt this could happen now to this extreme world wide because Man has an innate desire to be free.  Also, we now have the Internet which allows us to exchange ideas and fight back against those who would deny us basic human freedoms."
Enjoyed reading the book but the ending was not what I expected. How could they let Big Brother win?! Perhaps I misunderstood the ending...
A Great read!!
"I thought this book was fantastic. The author spelled it out so that you didn't have to keep stopping to reflect on the ideology, however, it was in no way repetitive or boring. Many emotions come out while reading including worry, nervous outs, routing for the characters, acceptance and finally realization of needing to be pragmatic. A futuristic novel of ideology and reality!"
Great product. Exactly what is expected.
Classic!
"I sincerely believe that the famous writer George Orwell was a visionary. He has created a novel about a totalitarian regime. No matter that the events in this novel take place in the abstract in England. This can happen in any country. The important thing. Topics that he raised, are still topical. Unfortunately, even in our time, have countries that have established a totalitarian regime. In such countries, on the thrones still sits Big Brother. The main character with the usual surname Smith wanted to hack the system. He wanted to feel like a person, but not a wheel in a relentless state machine. But what could he do alone? Even when Smith met a girl with a companion on thoughts, they together entered into the abyss of oblivion. Their love was crushed like a flower, and soul destroyed. Under terrible torture that was carried out on them in the Ministry of Love, they were forced to betray each other. The end of this book is very sad, but also the very essence of this novel carries a warning nature of all generations. This is a warning that totalitarianism is dangerous and against this shameful phenomenon must be combated. Thank you!"
i love this book and it foretold the modern world almost to perfection
Loved the book.
Great classic.  Everyone needs a copy of this one.
Great book
"When I was younger, I thought ""1984"" was Orwell's dystopia about Soviet Union-style communism, but I was fascinated by his concepts. I learned, when I did a college paper on dystopias and utopias, that ""1984"" was actually about English Socialism, coming as it did shortly after the Labour Party won election in England and began to socialize many of  England's industries.""1984"" has come and gone and we are not quite at the stage depicted in the book -- or are we? The world is endlessly at war somewhere, Big Brother IS watching you through your cellphone data, and history, as taught in our schools, is being rewritten to leave out things that we find unpleasant. We probably aren't quite at the ""1984"" stage yet, but we always have the threat hanging over us."
Duh.
Great book. A memorable and very worthwhile read about George Orwell's fascinating dystopia.
classic
Great story. I read the book in high school and subsequently a few weeks ago. The first half of the book was well written. The second half was somewhat contrived as Orwell wanted to make sure his moral of the story go through to the reader.
Best classic novel hands down. All the newer books based on distopian societies will never explain the mentality of it all as well as this novel. Definitely a must read.
Nice book!
"To cut to the chase, and without a long review, George Orwell was indeed a visionary. The parallels, albeit 30 years later, are striking. A scary and eye-opening read that is a must for those who seek the truth as it is now unveiling."
This is exactly what's happening in Hong Kong and many so-called democratic societies. George Orwell is like a prophet to me.
It's one of the bests that I've read. Definitely makes you think!
"This novel is full of abstraction but when you get deeply inside the story, you can see Big Brother :)"
Story background is terrifying.....
Mind blowing classic story.
"My son had to do a book report on the book, he liked it a lot.  Book was in good condition."
Its a classic still relevant today.
"Such a beautiful story. Although it's a classic, I only read it just now. Very suspenseful."
"Most of the book is more boring than I remember from when I first read it in 9th grade.  Goldstein's Testament is the most interesting part of the book. The parallels with today are rather eerie.  Today's powers-to-be are more subtle and secretive in their spying on us and their propaganda than in the book, but unfortunately it seems that Orwell correctly predicted the policy of never ending war."
"What a great book! It is frightening but not in a conventional way. The reader is inside Winston's mind and shares the horrors and psychological torture of his world. Even though the reader, along with Winston, ""knows"" what is going to happen, that just seems to add to the movement and interest of the story.  The book is very thought-provoking in that there are many comparisons with Orwell's dystopian world and the one in which we are living now. This is classic book for a reason and one which has much meaning for our world and our lives."
"I read this book because I understood it to be a enlightening look at humanity but was left thinking ""I learned nothing from this book"" might as well read a Danielle Steele novel it's just entertainment and not even good at doing that. IMHO"
I read it about 40 years ago. I just recently read it again. It really gives you something to think about and its a little scary. I think everyone should read it.
great-great-interesting
Excellent book
a classic!  vendor waqs great with fast delivery time and accurate description of the product since it was used.
fine product
"This novel is so beautifully written the end just tortures my soul! Orwell sets us up for victory and I was honestly shocked when Julia and Winston were in the room and the ground feel from underneath them. This novel is worth it! Don't try to rush it, take your time and fall apart"
"This is a very quick read, and a real classic with startling parallels in modern society."
"1984 is not a happy novel. It’s depressing and at times, very hard to read. Rather than a novel, it is more George’s political statement, warning of the dangers of Totalitarianism, and oh yes, he wrapped this all around an insipid story of the life and death of one poor individual, Winston Smith. The main characters are banal and tedious in my opinion. In fact, I found O’Brien to be more interesting than Winston himself. The real star of the show, however, is Big Brother, the mythical God of 1984. All seeing, and all knowing, Big Brother, unlike the god of Catholic dogma, is powered by a network of spies and monitors, but he gets the job done...ruthlessly, and tangibly!I found parts of this story difficult to read, requiring concentration and re-reading parts. This was mainly in the recounting of THE BOOK, by Emmanuel Goldstein. Winston reads it to his girlfriend, and like her, I fell asleep too!There is no doubting the remarkable vision and foresight of the author, and his brilliant writing style, but it is not without fault. Many of Orwell's concepts are repeated ad nauseum (maybe on purpose?). One could be forgiven for thinking George might have been a time traveller. (I wonder what he would think about the fall of the USSR?) However, I just didn’t enjoy this book. It’s just too depressing, and I wouldn’t read any more of Orwell’s books, but I’m glad he wrote it. It still stands a salient warning about a social system that just doesn’t work.I give it just two stars, and in the words of Orwell himself, “Being in a minority, even a minority of one, did not make you mad”."
Good
One of my all-time favorite novels. Masterpiece
Excellent Book that every American should read!
"scary in the extreme, but so easy to see modern day correlations When I read the part about the party inventing I plane and all the efforts to prove the assertion, I couldn't help but think of Al Gore and all the people trying to support his invention of the internet story.Who over 40 can't recognize the efforts to reshape the language as in the story?"
Creepy! Almost seems prophetic.
This is the same book I read as a young person. I've seen other copies but they were edited or the story was changed in some way. This one is the real deal. Love it and thank you.
Classic book written  as a social blueprint for the future. Tale of a big scary lying government who intrudes into every aspect of peoples lives. Sound Familiar?
"I first read this book in the 1970s and I really did not get it at the time. The world was much different and I guess I could not see it ever getting to the point that there was one Big Brother and he would spend the time watching us. So much for my naivety.However, after reading the book a second time, I believe Mr. Orwell was off by thirty of forty years. The book should have been called 2014 or 2024. It appears by my math that the world is dangerously close to Mr. Orwell's prediction. Capitalism is now considered by many to be a bad thing while socialism has grown in popularity. Many people have lost their abilities to critically think and spend their wasteful time in social media sites, watching the idiot tube, or playing video games. The government is now entwined in everything we do from healthcare to highways and has been caught spying on people and using the IRS as a bludgeoning club for those who disagree with their politics and policies.Yes, you were right, Mr. Orwell. Remarkably well written, a great classic that I hope is not prophetic. Two thumbs way up."
"Right on the painful mark Mr. Orwell. I wish that I had paid attention more closely when I was in High School. Perhaps I could have helped avoid the sad state of affairs we find ourselves in today. You tried to warn us so many years ago as to what was to come --- like it or not..... I just bought Huxley's: ""BRAVE NEW WORLD."" These two authors let us know the unbelievable truth. Did any of us listen?????From ""WE THE SHEEPLE."""
"Perhaps the best dystopian novel ever written.  Depressing in an extreme way, but effective because of it.Honestly, if ""1984"" and ""Brave New World"" married and had a baby, that child would be our real world..."
"Orwell's 1984 is a brilliant (although very bleak) novel which depicts a totalitarian future. All activities and thoughts are being watched by the government (""Big Brother"") and the truth is constantly being manipulated to the point where the society no longer has a history. The plot revolves around Winston Smith, a man who works for the Ministry of Truth by doctoring various documents and photographs in order to fit the current narrative that the government is telling citizens. Smith begins to challenge the Big Brother by committing small acts of rebellion. It starts with keeping a journal, then leads to a love affair, which leads him to want to look for ways of getting involved in a revolution.  First, let me say that Orwell's work is a product of its times in certain aspects - Britain had just been through two world wars which were only eighteen years apart. Orwell had also seen the rise of totalitarianism in Russia, Spain, Italy, and Germany. Yet Orwell, takes these aspects a step further into the future with the use of totalitarian sates, atomic weaponry, and the military industrial complex to create a very bleak new world. The writing and descriptions are wonderful. The book really makes you think, not only about society, but about history, happiness, love and the truth.  Second, I read the 1984 Commemorative Edition, this was rather interesting as it contains a rather insightful essay by Erich Fromm at the end and an interesting foreword by Walter Cronkite at the beginning. Cronkite discusses the book in relation to his experience with news and the news of the day ( which is rather interesting considering the edition is about thirty years old).  If you enjoy this I would strongly recommend Animal Farm by George Orwell, Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, and Amusing Ourselves To Death by Neil Postman. I would also recommend the show Futurama by the creators of the Simpsons, once you read 1984 you will see that the creators have taken many ideas from Orwell and Huxley."
Although it smacks of heavy socialism the author seems to wander.
no
"I bought this book for our grandson, and he is amazed how the United States has unfolded as described in the book."
Love it
"1984 by George Orwell is an important and classic work.  Everyone should read this book.  It is a prophetic piece of literature.  The scary thing is, however, that people read this book and don't realize that a lot of this story is our current society.  If it isn't quite there yet, it certainly will be soon.Read this book.  Share it with your children.  Wake up to the times and see that this isn't just a Science Fiction piece.  The ideas in this book were forming during Orwell's time and they are pretty much here now.  Highly Recommended!"
Awesome story. Reading it again and again.
A story that makes me think about what corruption and power could do if left UN-checked.
Best description of dystopian future ever written.
"Can you believe I never read it? Hahaha.  Dark, and a bit weird, I couldn't put it down.  :)Glad I finally read it."
Brilliant!
Doubleplusgood.
Love this book and the awesome retro. Really makes me think about the ethics of censorship involved Here
"I had seen the movie on this, and when I started reading the book, I found it very depressing and did not finish it. I realize that some find this book as future big brother society, it really disturbs me. The actual reading of book is long-winded and truly depressing."
perfect
"Give a copy to your children/ Grand children, while you still can ."
"Great book, definitely for anyone who loves good/classic literature!"
"Incredibly important book to understand how a large bureaucratic central planning government can become a tyrannical machine that overtakes every aspect of your life ... unless we don't allow it to happen. Once it happens it is too late. Many books are called ""good"" or ""enjoyable"" but few books are called ""important"". This book is important."
Or 2015. Still relevant.
"This is seriously one of the best books I have ever read. If you haven't read it, you should."
"1984 is a classic novel that I highly recommend, however, it must be said that this probably better suited for someone that is interested in politics and social criticisms."
"1984 transfixed, horrified, and fascinated me. On some occasions, it was so violent that it made me cringe. On other occasions, it was so depressing that I had to put it down, stare out of the window, and contemplate whether there was any possible hope for the human race.The book is about Winston Smith, a man who lives in a totalitarian country called Oceania. Everything about Winston's life is regulated and watched by Big Brother, the Party. This is a world where the past, the present, and the future is controlled by the government. Those who resist Big Brother in action or thought (""thoughtcrime"") will be vaporized - not just dead, but erased from every scrap of history.The Party demands the loyalty of every member. It is not enough to obey Big Brother, you must love him with all of your heart. If you don't, the Thought Police will find you.""Whatever the party holds to be truth is truth. It is impossible to see reality except through the eyes if the Party.""1984 is engaging, insightful, profound, and terribly depressing. The world that Orwell warned us about didn't come to pass in 1984 (maybe because of the book...), but it still carries a relevant warning in 2015. This is an adult book that everyone needs to read.I have to stress the ADULT part. This is a heavy book.Aside: as a huge fan of the band Muse, I now understand their album, The Resistance, much better. I knew that there were 1984 references in the song ""Resistance,"" but now that I've read the book, I can see strong connections to ""Undisclosed Desires"" and ""United States of Eurasia."" (Eurasia is one of the three countries in the book.) There may be other references to 1984 in the album, and my ear will be tuned for them at the next listen.1984 is the definitive dystopian novel.I leave you with a quote from the Party:“If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face – forever.”"
This book is a must read by everyone in the modern era. It's scary how applicable it is to the issues surrounding modern surveillance technology.
One of the best novels.
As far as the actual story goes - it was just average. I never really cared about anyone in the book. Although if I was rating solely on the message of the book I would give it 5 stars.
"Very interesting, we are using it in our leadership class to see different styles of leadership. One should look at it from that point of view!"
Came In With A Dent But Other Than That Perfect
outdated garbage. don't waist your time
A classic for a reason. An amazing read even today.
Great
The great classic never grows old.  Orwell would be saddened and amazed that all of the technology for spying he based his telescreens on ... exists today.
"I got this book in the mail today.. and i was a bit disappointed because they depicted the book to be the newer one, but instead it was a very old copy. It would be harder to follow along now in class because the numbering of the pages is off...Wish they could have put the right cover."
good purchase and good seller
"The story takes place in a community where one party rules everything and nothing gets past the watchful eye of big brother. There is no freedom and those who go against the party rules are punished with torture. Winston Smith is one of the few people that the party hasn't brainwashed and can't control like a puppet. He dreams of finding and joining the Brotherhood, a seacret organisation that wants to overthrow the party, but no one really knows if actually exists.This is not the most exciting book I have ever read but then again it probably wasn't the goal of the writer. I think that Gorge Orwell wanted to make people think about their society and what is happening around them while they were reading and that is exactly what this book does. The story is wery interesting and well written. The only reason that I don't give this book 4 or 5 stars is because there was to much explaining and not enough happening in the story for my taste but I still recomend this book to everyone."
"I have been meaning to read this novel for quite some time. I am saddened to say this is the only novel, so far, I have read of George Orwell. My niece was assigned this book over the summer for school and I thought it would be great to read it along. I read it with [immersion reading] and the narration of Simon Prebble was excellent. I can’t recommend enough the audio. I am convinced that without the audio companion it would have taken me over a week to finish it.It is a masterpiece of a novel but it is complex. I really felt this novel challenged my intelligence. I was constantly wondering if I was understanding the underlying message of this novel. The storyline is a plethora of meaning, so many layers. This is a novel to be read more than once to grasp its full meaning. I am in my 30s and I really wondered if teenagers could grasp the complexity of this novel. It has a lot of symbolism.This novel is a denouncement plea against certain types of Socialism, at first, but later on we realized it’s also against our society with the infiltration of extreme ideology and criminal acts committed against humanity. Author gave life to this theoretical extremist socialist society, Oceania, by boxing in a world disconnected from everything and amplifying the new value system. This micro world becomes universal. Every element of Oceania is extrapolated one by one in front of our eyes until we are completely submerged in it. The belief system layout is very detailed and covers most of the book.Oceania is a distortion of our current established core values systems, accentuating the grave consequences of such endeavors. The dystopia setting makes us understand what could be the daily reality in an extreme socialist environment depriving humans of their humanity, eradicating our social structure thus creating a “powerful machine” of government controlling everything we do even what we think. There are no battle of social groups within the hierarchy but total submission. There is only one ruling class. There is no freedom whatsoever, no family relationship or any relationship. Love is simply not possible in that setting. The government become the new God. We are driven into the inner working of such mechanism through Winston’s life, through his observation. Winston represent us, in a way, with his yearning to live a normal life and determination to live as a free man.""His friendships, his relaxations, his behaviour towards his wife and children, the expression of his face when he is alone, the words he mutters in sleep, even the characteristic movements of his body, are all jealously scrutinised. Not only any actual misdemeanour, but any eccentricity, however small, any change of habits, any nervous mannerism that could possibly be the symptom of an inner struggle , is certain to be detected. He has no freedom of choice in any direction whatever.""Orwell, George (1983-10-17). 1984 (p. 455). Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. Kindle Edition.I struggled at first because it takes a while for you to understand that world. I was lost in meaning because whatever we know today, in this world everything is reversed, eliminated. Nothing makes sens, no real purpose, no real agenda. However, I could pinpoint this ongoing dialogue that we have nowadays whether we are giving too much power to the government (Heath Care program versus Private sector; the salvage of the stock market crash in 2008). There are many truths about that world which applied to us in reference to war, for example. War is a vehicle of distraction for the population to forget their struggle, their miserable existence and reality.""The war is waged by each ruling group against its own subjects , and the object of the war is not to make or prevent conquests of territory, but to keep the structure of society intact. The very word ‘war’, therefore, has become misleading. It would probably be accurate to say that by becoming continuous war has ceased to exist.""Orwell, George (1983-10-17). 1984 (pp. 430-431). Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. Kindle Edition.Many other themes are explored such as:. The power of thoughts, indoctrination. Debate of the totalitarian mind which O’Brien impersonates during Winston’s imprisonment.. Definition of Power and dictatorship and it’s madness which alludes to Genocide committed in the world.. Philosophical questions on human nature, laws of nature, dignity, moralityThe party slogan are:1. “war is peace”Winston’s life is the perfect example of such belief.2. “Ignorance is strength”Despite this world being estranged from ours, Winston’s criticism echoes to our time as well.If I have a complaint it would be about the underground revolutionary group, “Brotherhood”, which tactics of operation were not loyal. It seemed fake, like a false hope to confuse the people. Therefore, it is a fatalistic world: there is no escape whatsoever, no hope to hold on to. Everything that is good in life can’t survive in that system. There is no belief of Heaven. It’s impossible to enjoy the simple pleasures of life, no memory, no past, no History, no words. History is constantly manipulated by the alteration of events and a new dictionary is created with the sole purpose of eliminating meaning.""Cut off from contact with the outer world, and with the past, the citizen of Oceania is like a man in interstellar space, who has no way of knowing which direction is up and which is down. The rulers of such a state are absolute, as the Pharaohs or the Caesars could not be.""Orwell, George (1983-10-17). 1984 (p. 429). Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. Kindle Edition.This is a harsh, unimaginable world that you couldn’t possibly fathom and that’s where you become so hooked, so tense and fearful for Winston. You hope that Winston will collapse this outrageous system. This is a masterpiece of a novel because despite being a paradoxical world to ours, Winston’ criticisms apply to our current issues. This novel encompasses many aspects of human’s purpose in society. The end was fatalistic leaving us wondering if the author’s message could be how society  and human dignity could come to an end under such extreme beliefs systems."
I recommend this book to anyone looking to prevent big government from increasing it's stronghold over people.  The scariest part about this book is that many of the themes in 1984 are being seen today across the world.  Also a good book to read if you happen to be a Political Science major.
"It amazing just how closely George Orwell's 1984 follows with the supposed modern USSR theory, which of course was never even get close to achieving. I would not be surprised to find that Orwell seeing how badly the English treated the Indians during his stays in India was or had a lot to do with his writing of 1984.I have to omit that while reading this story I felt a little scared as to how closely I see something's that are happening to us now and in the future. I think you will see so too. But on a personal note....No Sex!? Wow! No wonder everyone was so up tight. Lol A life time of celibacy would put anyone in the the mental ward. Even reading of the day to day life seemed to me as very depressing. At least sex would be a light at the end of the tunnel. To close. This story need to be read, because it shows the reader what could happen after we give up the fight for our freedom. And just how precious our freedom truly is. Read it and pass it along to two friends!"
Required for my daughter's class in high school.
"Very prophetic but a bit worrying, a good read though."
it was for school
"definitely is a book to make you think,  a little too depressing for me, but it will catch you"
"I felt this was a very interesting book. It took me a few years to finally read because I thought it was going to be dry and boring, I was wrong. I found this book to be very entertaining."
"such an awful book, had to force myself to finish it"
Take a look around.
great
the book is ok but the print is too small and I can't read it  (hurts my eyes) My fault for getting a book that is mass produced. they tend to make the print very small
"I bought this as a gift for a friend who didn't know who BIG BROTHER was.  Unfortunately, a future possibility."
"I was assigned to read this book in high school but just followed the cliff notes.  A decade later and I have to say this book is incredible.It's unpredictable, thought-provoking and keeps a great pace for a 600+ page book.  The messages of 1984 will resonate a bit differently for each generation but they will always be relevant and stir the mind."
It is truly amazing to think about the similarities between this book and some of today's popular political views! I really enjoyed this book!
Good book
"I must have gone to the wrong schools, I somehow never read this in junior high or high school.  Took the plunge - WOW is it a good book.  I like this edition, too - it's small so easy to handle."
Amazing book. Definitely an immediate favorite and a must read for everyone.
Very good
Thought it was the same book as posted on the site but had a different front but still same book so overall great.
Must read for our generation
"Much more detailed and interesting than any of the movie versions I've seen...a ""must read!"" I loved it."
"1984 has been a classic of English literature for many years.  It takes the reader on  a displeasing trip into a horrifying future.  All things that make mankind human are in the process of being banned by an immoral totalitarian government.  All thought not in agreement with government  decrees is considered criminal.  The government sees all, controls all and  destroys all that impedes the fulfilment of its will.  It is a nightmare world.  Winston Smith thinks he can recover  something of what it means to be human if he is clever enough and cautious enough.  That is what kept me reading.  How far could  Winston go and how successful would he be?"
George Orwell has such an amazing vision and detailed concept of an imagined future that has come true in so many ways and is still true today.
Awesome book. Everyone should read it once
Read this book for book club.
"fit just right and very comfortable , I may order more"
All good
"Shipped quickly, awesome story"
Great product
needed for school
"George Orwell does a magnificent job in descriptions of people, places, and object; so much so, that you feel like you could be Winston Smith. Oceania is a frighteningly plausible country, I felt like I could see the rise of ""The Party"". Upon completing this book, I appreciate the freedom we have as Americans. ""1984"" is a must-read for everyone."
Anyone with an imagination understands how applicable 1984 is. If only we could get enough people to indulge in the work. Maybe then we could move in a progressive direction instead of letting Big Brother win.
Another one of my favorite books!
Read this book in 1960  - reread recently - pretty scary that this could be happening in our day even.
Enjoyable
"A fantastic read. It is incredible how closely Orwell predicted the future in some of the more oppressive nations in the world. It is also eye opening when you realize that the western world is slowly creeping in the same direction.The concept of big brother is very real, and is something that should be horrifying to everyone."
"This is such a cool, old book.  I'm enjoying every page."
What a disapointment!
I have read this before a couple of times and enjoy the book.
Meh.
Good book
This is a great history book
"Excellent condition of the book. Furthermore, for anyone who hasn't read this, this book is absolutely incredible. It's one of the most important books about censorship and government control and increasingly government active society.  Not to mention some incredible writing in the book. A must read."
"I enjoy books that get me excited about the characters and make me fall in love with the writers world. To be honest, I read this book because it was highly ranked among reputable authors...I finished this book so I could say I read it. A great introduction to a dystopian society, probably broke the mold for many stories. But, all in all, the pretentious part of me read it to have in my library."
The end was sad to me but the book itself raises so many questions about life and perception that I think it's a must read for this generation.
very good condition
"Purchased for hubby, actually. He said it was a good read but didn't remember so much cursing in it when he'd read it years ago. Was disappointed in the language."
"If you want to get freaked out about our current state of affairs in this country, read 1984. Orwell was a psychic."
"Chilling book about justification of totalitarian governmental rule. Always wanted to read it as a kid, finally did. I would recommend it."
It's really here...the predictions made in 1949  were spot on...maybe a couple years off...but
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"I could talk about how ""THIS BOOK CHANGED MY LIFE!"", or write a big long paragraph about how Orwell was prophetic, and how (insert modern political situation) completely mirrors that of a scenario in 1984 (not that doing that is less important than what I'm about to do), but I would actually like to make an observation about 1984 that I wish more would notice: how different the romance is in 1984 versus other fictions.If you haven't yet read 1984, don't read what I'm about to write. This review is for those who have read the book.Winston Smith, the book’s main character, is not the “dashing hero”-type so typical in fiction. He’s fat and old and worn out. He’s an unlikely hero. Not the type of character one expects in a story. Because of this, the romance between he and Julia is uncommon. Winston begins a passionate romance with this young attractive woman named Julia, and I love this quality in Orwell’s book because, again, it’s not “the usual” that one finds in fiction. Normally in fiction, the main character is young, his love interest is young, or they are alike in some other way that makes them predictably fall for one another. But Orwell’s pairing of old, fat Winston and young, attractive Julia is an odd pairing… and I love it for that. I also love how, in Winston and Julia's romance, Orwell doesn’t seem to draw a distinction between lust and love. The romance of Winston and Julia is animal but not without feeling, which I take as Orwell saying that we as human beings are animal and emotional, and for either or both to be repressed, as is the case with the society Julia and Winston find themselves in, only dystopia can result. It's just a nice break from the tired narrative of ""beautiful people falling for beautiful people"".Race Hochdorfwww.racehochdorf.com"
school reading
"A must read, well .... a must listen!"
It is an astonishing piece! I had to read this for my English class and it made me jump up and down in my seat shouting with joy and frustration. I'm glad I'm not the only one in my class that did the same.
"I figured I'd use the Party slogan as my title because the nine simple words conjure up so much emotion.  I don't think that there is a civilized human being today that wouldn't cringe at the thought of his/her government adopting such a philosophy.  This was the motto of Big Brother, The Party, Oceania.There's absolutely nothing I can say that hasn't already been said about 1984, a book that was a classic before I was born and was written before my mother was born.  1984 gave birth to the terms ""Big Brother"", ""Orwellian"" and ""doublethink.""  I've always had a working knowledge of the meaning of the term ""big brother"" without having read the book.  After having read the book I understand just how omnipresent Big Brother was.The first thing that stood out to me was George Orwell's writing style.  It is very descriptive and the images he draws just jump right off the page.  A few of quotes that jumped out at me were:""He was a fattish but active man of paralyzing stupidity, a mass of imbecile enthusiasms...""""Beads of moisture stood out all over his pink face.  His powers of sweating were extraordinary.""""It had never before occurred to him that the body of a woman of fifty, blown up to monstrous dimensions by childbearing, then hardened, roughened by work till it was coarse in the grain like an overripe turnip, could be beautiful.""To quote a few.Besides Orwell's writing style it is well known that the significance of his book lies in his forecasting the future of first-world governments.  The book was written shortly after WWII and many governmental and societal changes had occurred.  The concept of Big Brother was not far fetched.  With the right tools and equipment the tentacles of an oligarchy could realistically have a hold on every citizen.  Big Brother, although just a symbol or a face of the government, sought to keep power by more than just slavery and physical oppression; Big Brother, or more correctly The Party, wanted the minds of the people.Without a doubt the book lacks some of the potency today that it had in the 50's, 60's or 70's even.  I can see some parallels with today's political climate but it is certainly not as a cogent read for me here in 2014 as it may have been if I read it in 1960.  Even with that being the case I must admire George Orwell's perspective no matter how sardonic or pessimistic it was.  But it could be that he wrote of such a bleak future, not because he truly believed that that would occur, but to draw the people's attention to what could occur.  In any case it was wonderfully done."
Still relevant today
We are there! Should be required reading for every American.
"Frightening, immersive, vivid.  Such a treat to reread it after 30 years."
Great book. Delivery was excellent. Condition great. Overall great buy
"Shipping was a bit slow, but product was as stated"
A scary view into the future. And some of it is upon us.
"Eerily more true with each reading. Telescreens broadcasting 24 hours per day, and Facebook, Google, and NSA watching our every move..."
"This novel at the conclusion of Orwell's life demonstrates his masterful ability of the English language and his incredible thoughts on communistic government. However, the rising actions of the plot take a considerable amount of time to get interesting, as he shows the situation of the present ruling class. However, as time goes on, you truly see Orwell's inside genius, and your mind will truly be opened to the absolute control of communist governments."
Awesome Book!
"For anyone who hasn't read the book, read the book.  If that's impossible, watch this film as it does the book justice."
Purchased for my daughter.
A classic.  One of the most important books of the 20th century.  A fiction book but a must read for any history student.
very good
"I love the classics, I just couldn't read this one."
"I'm a big fan of Orwell's writing but do not consider this anywhere close to his best. Of course, the constant surveillance by ""Big Brother"" is famous, but after about the first one third the book bogs down (in my opinion) in overlong philosophic musings.I've just re-read it after a 45 year hiatus. Not nearly as good as I remembered."
A depressing yet fantastic story.
this book is phenomenal. a great read indeed it is only if you can get through the slow boring beginning.
I love this classic. It is so much more than I have heard before.
"Not much to say, this book is a classic. Loved it."
Scarry when you put it in the context of our time with all the revelations from Edward Snowden and the NSA.  Read it and beware.
Perfect condition
Read for school
"Read this at school a hundred years ago, so it was a little strange to read now.  Sounds like a communist state all right.  Clever old George."
Came neatly packaged and undamaged. Couldn't have asked for more.
good book surprising ending
Very prophetic...
"This is what I feel, 1984 is a great book that just happens to be in a genera filled with great books, and many of those great books are superior (particularly Brave New World and Fahrenheit 451). With that said, the bleak dystopian future of 1984 makes one feel the hopelessness of the characters. This is not some sort feel good tween dystopian-lite novel like the Hunger Games or Divergent, this is a real look at a terrible future from the perspective of a person living through the height of the Red Scare. The book is so bleak that the reader may have a hard time wanting to continue, and the truth is that it gives no satisfying ending for those who hold out hope.Obviously this is a great book, and worthy of your attention, just make sure it isn't your only foray into dystopian literature."
👍👍
best book of all time
Favorite book
had to get it for an assigned reading and i haven't stopped reading since
Well.... hard to rate a book as it's a book :) quality is good price is good so 5 stars...
This was gift.
"Orwell’s “1984” is one of the most rapid-fire depictions of a fictional environment that I’ve ever read. The world is quickly cast in grey, except for the exalted “Ministry” buildings that police the people. Orwell effectively sends shivers up my spine with classic phrases like, “Big Brother is watching.”This fictionalized world shows a countenance of quiet optimism when others are watching. Unfortunately, there’s always someone watching -- characters can never reveal their inner feelings if they deviate from the way. Orwell masterfully captures the consequences of surveillance on the human psyche.It is a world where privacy has become illegal. Even more so, to write -- privately -- is tantamount to treason and punishable by death. “Nothing was your except the few cubic centimeters inside your skull.” In these moments, Orwell seems to allude to something of a Buddhist ability to free yourself from the material world.The Inner Party -- main protagonists -- have a power over language that is unmatched in rigor and description from anything I’ve ever read. Orwell has an enlightened ability to understand how restricted speech -- “Newspeak” -- can manipulated and curtail free will. The two concepts are inextricably linked. Similarly, government has an incredible control over journalism. With both language and knowledge controlled, it’s easy to see how a dystopian world like this would be haunting.I couldn’t help but admire and see a genius in Orwell’s work, which was written in 1949. Even back then, he understood some of the fundamental problems of a government’s overreach in matters of privacy (hello, NSA!). This is a book that has truly stood the test of time, and will continue to bring great knowledge and joy to those who pick it up.Here are some favorite quotes:“Everyone wanted a the place where they could be alone occasionally.""""The Party is not concerned with perpetuating its blood but with perpetuating itself.""”Stupidity was as necessary as intelligence, and as difficult to attain.”"
"Reading the book is a mental exercise that each of us must do, to understand the world we are in now and to know where we want to be."
"It's as true today, as was the situation in 1984!"
I wish I hadn't waited so long to read 1984. It's one of the most thought provoking books you'll ever read.
"This book has great debts. Major themes of govt control, and subservient citizens. I was completely blown away. It has changed my views on dome current history."
"It was totally creepy how this guy knew about all the things we have in our lives now that we never would have imagined would be taking away our freedoms and privacy. smart phones and smart TVs that can watch YOU! Thought police, etc. its a freakish reflection of our current reality in the united states.  Consumed by war, controlled by fear and propaganda, forced into poverty for the sake of fairness. Never before have i seen a fiction novel so quickly become a documentary of our pathetic state. Still, it could have been written better."
Like many have said it's not the best written but has a very profound message.  I enjoyed it and will watch the movie to compare
"Obviously a Classic. Overall a great write by a great author. Taps into your emotions, transports you to an alternate world and time that may not be as fictional as we may think, and once you get back to reality, your perception may never be the same again. Orwell taps into the conscious and allows you to see past the illusion (the one we're used to calling reality)."
"Personally, this is my most favorite piece of literature of all time.  It's scary how George Orwell's perception of what the world would be in 1984 is actually coming true; constant surveillance of the people, people being ratted out by their children for the most arbitrary nonsense, people being condemned for being free thinkers...  The novel really portrays modern-day American society, and if you like dystopian literature, this novel epitomizes the genre."
"An incredibly dark book, it was a good read."
Haven't read it in 40 years so it's time
excellent
"Book arrived quickly and as advertised.  A good re-read of a classic.  Amazing how it sounds like ""today""."
"She heard about it and wanted to read it, she dropped it after the first 10 pages, and is now collecting dust."
Probably my favourite book ever.
Was glad to be able to find it again . . . a classic and even more relevant today!
Prophetic as the day it was written and an even more literal sense of today.
"Very good book. it really makes you ""think"" how this could really happen."
This still remains a prescient warning of the dangers of an all seeing all hearing state.
"This isn't the material that I would normally read but my son had it for an AP project at school, so I thought I would read along.  It was very interesting and ended up being a good read."
"Disbelief in humanity, socialism, Utopias and humanity pours out of every page of this book. Yet I find the read absolutely delicious and enjoyable."
"Orwell's foreknowledge of the world we almost live in is scary.  Big Brother, Thought police.  Very scary."
Book was in great condition
This is a book to read every ten years. The more aware you are of your surroundings the similarity s between modern day life and 1984 become clearer and as we advance technologically it is almost scary.
"The ending. What the ... Nope , just can't accept this ending. Other than that it was a pretty great book! I loved it along with Fahrenheit 451!! :D"
A must read.
"I had heard of 1984 for years, but had never read it. It grinds you down emotionally. You keep waiting for a revolt, but all you get is more torture. This is humankind stripped down to a raw nerve."
"A great classic. I ordered about 5 of the ""classic's"" that I had read And enjoyed re-reading them. > Also keeps the mind alert, consifdering I read most of them 40 or 50 years ago. I know i'M DATING MYSELF BUT AS LONG AS I CAN READ I WILL CONTIUE"
"One of the best novels that i have ever read. It is also very good for me, a Chinese, to improve English reading and writing. Highly recommended."
"I first read 1984 when I was in middle school. I was on a quest to read all of Orwell's works after finishing Animal Farm a few years earlier. Yet, it had been so long since I have last read the novel that I had forgotten quite a bit.The scary thing about Orwell is that he picks up on the small details, such as the importance of language in forming ideas, and he explains them in such a way that even a die hard believer in a happy ending is left thinking....well maybe that could work. That is a scary prospect.The world that is created is similar to socialist or communist societies, yet it is manipulated with the artistic flair of science fiction and ingenuity. The characters are real, meaning they are likable  and appalling. You feel sympathy for them, cheer for them, and are disappointed in them. No matter the emotion, you connect with them.Orwell is a masterful and popular storyteller. His novel, 1984, is worth the hype that it has received. It is expertly written, and to date the best dystopian novel ever written."
"I never got to read this is high school. I'm glad I decided to read it as an adult. It's a lot crazier than I anticipated. It's also creepy how much of what's described in the book we see happening today. Maybe thought police are in our future? Overall, it's a great read. Very thought-provoking."
"I never had to read this in high school or middle school, but everyone should read this. One chapter is really hard to get through and you will know which chapter I am talking about. But read it. It's so thought-provoking that I might go back and read it again."
Well written but immensely depressing.
Cheap price on a all time classic
A great classic.  Brings the worry of government intrusion in to focus as it may be applied to us as citizens
"In the 65 years since publication, everything that can be said about this book already has! But to me, it's frightening to see much of what was foretold in this book coming true in places around the world, even here in Australia."
"This is a true classic piece of literature. It is one of the most influential books of the 20th Century.  If you haven't read it, you should. I recently reread it with my son, and I was amazed at how relevant it still is."
this novel is the definitive representation of progressive overreach.it explains the causes of the continued need for big government and all that implies.big money cannot exist without big government. share the wealth by any and all methods must be prevented in order that big money remains big money. read upper class versus middle and lower class. 1984 is truer today than when it was written. obama/bush is big brother
Just what I was looking for!
"Very well written,I would highly recommend to anyone interested in Orwell's work. I'd also recommend to anyone looking for a good read."
"This disturbing and admonishing novel really makes you think about the concept of control and the role it plays in the government. It makes you question your reality and on what truth it's built upon.There wasn't much variation between the characters except for two because they all acted the same; they acted the way ""Big Brother"" expected them to. This lack of individuality between the characters really emphasizes the horror of this book. When you read last word of this novel, you are still not finished with it because the ending will have you thinking about its themes and what it's really trying to tell you for a long time."
"Why did I wait until age 49 to read 1984, I wondered numerous times while in the act of reading it. I enjoy classic literature and this is without a doubt one of the greatest novels ever written in the English language. Read it and recognize ""thoughtcrime"" and ""doublespeak"" all around you."
"While 1984 is inventive and poignant, Mr. Orwell was clearly no historian.. This is one of the least accurate textbooks Ive ever encountered, leaving my 7th graders confused and disturbed. I have to question the book's long-standing acclaim - children are growing up thinking ""eurasia' is a country and that governments are controlling. Rat-fear has skyrocketted in my classroom since reading the sensationalized torture sequence. parents have e-mailed me saying their kids are asking about their own experiences in the eighties and refusing to watch John Hughs films - even ""Pretty In Pink.""i also think this book unfairly slanders the Big Brother Big Sister outreach program....disadvantaged youth need as much support as they can get without this ""factual"" text scaring them away.. if you're looking for a realisitc depiction of america in the 1980's, I'd suggest looking for a different text. 2 stars"
This book has to be one of the craziest books I have ever read. I could not put it down.
The book came in poor condition and the cover had fallen off
"My favorite book of all time. Written in the middle of last century, yet becomes more and more relevant as we look into the future."
Big Brother has never been closer to becoming a reality.  George Orwell would laugh if he could see the world today.
After multiple readings ... a valid illumination of today's government intrusions.
"What a story. I don't really know what to say other than you being taken on a journey, a disappointing journey which truly brings thus to an inexplicable close; yet, the most realistic ending. *clapping*"
not what  I expected
Excelent condition.
I had to read this for school and to me the beginning was boring but the middle to the end was good
"The premise of the book was really good.  However certain parts, like the reading of the manual I found to be boring.  Also I think the author could have talked less about sex and still have shown how the relationship between the two main characters developed.  I wanted to give it a 4, but it's not quite there.  How about a 3 1/2 because overall the book is pretty good."
"Not a fun read, but one that I think everyone should read in order to understand our world."
Quite heavy reading.
as expected
"I read this book long before the year 1984.  It was horrible, but an accurate picture of the future.  Unfortunately, we are living ""1984"" now.  It came true far faster and it is more sinister because most Americans don't realize this kind of government with its fingers and ears and successful propaganda is already here; we are already living the life of ""1984.""Every American should read this book, and be in awe of George Orwell for having predicted the life of having our every ounce of privacy encroached by the government.  The USA is worse than Canada, but Canada is never far behind."
Inevitable.
Should be required reading for our youth.  We are quickly approaching a true 1984 state.
I acctually found it to be pretty interesting
Ingenious
Keeps the reader thinking.  It is interesting where many things he wrote about so many years ago are true today.
Beautifully written and surprisingly timeless. This book could have been written this year and no one would know the difference.
"Very good book, a must read. It really conveys a message that needs to be told.  I am looking forward to watching the film."
"Winston Smith works for the Ministry of Truth which is responsible for revising all historical records to ensure they agree with the Party's official version of the past. Nothing is sacred and the past is forever fluid, adjusted routinely to match events as laid out by the Party. The Party has two way telescreens everywhere to listen in and watch all Party members for any suspicions of thought crimes. Thought crimes are death. If a person is found guilty of thinking anything that would endanger the Party, they are tortured and executed.Winston has become disillusioned with the Party and current society and is starting to act out against the establishment in his own quiet way. He has bought a blank diary and sits in the corner of his apartment, where the telescreen can't see him, to write down his thoughts. He begins by describing 1984 society as he sees it and the negative thoughts he has about the Party. In a society where children are reared to turn in their own parents to the Thought Police, Winston is walking a dangerous line. If it was discovered that he was even having these thoughts, let alone writing them down, he would be tortured and executed by the Thought Police. He is constantly on the lookout for anyone that could be in the Brotherhood, a clandestine group of others that share Winston's feelings of doubt and discontent with the Party. It's a dangerous prospect to trust anyone though as one wrong step could land Winston in the Ministry of Love, being tortured and interrogated until he breaks.This was an ok read for the most part, but I kept wishing something more would happen with the rebellion. I was disheartened by the way that the Brotherhood turned out. The book did remind me in some respects of <b>Blind Faith</b> by Ben Elton that I read earlier in the year where a man is not content with current society and is looking to be subversive and buck normal trends while staying under the radar. I think the real correlation here are the telescreens and never being able to be alone with your own thoughts. The Newspeak was a bit hard to read, though I think that was the point. I’m so used to having voluminous amount of words to describe a given situation, which is the opposite of Newspeak - designed to take all the ambiguity and color out of words. What a sad state to live in. There are a lot of good quotes about the state of society and the doublethink that must occur for such a society to exist. Very scary to think about.Interesting side note (for me anyway), I started the book on April 4th and was surprised to get a few pages into the book where Winston, writing his diary, cites the date as April 4th, 1984. Funny coincidence.Some quotes:“It’s a beautiful thing, the destruction of words. Of course the great wastage is in the verbs and adjectives, but there are hundreds of nouns that can be got rid of as well. It isn’t just the synonyms, there are also the antonyms. After all, what justification is there for a word which is simply the opposite of some other words? A word contains its opposite in itself. Take ‘good,’ for instance. If you have a word like ‘good,’ what need is there for a word like ‘bad’? ‘Ungood’ will do just as well - better, because it’s an exact opposite, which the other is not. Or again, if you want a stronger version of ‘good,’ what sense is there in having a whole string of vague useless words like ‘excellent’ and ‘splendid’ and all the rest of them? ‘Plusgood’ covers the meaning, or ‘doubleplusgood’ if you want something stronger still.”“Everything faded into mist. The past was erased, the erasure was forgotten, the lie became truth.”“In a way, the world-view of the Party imposed itself most successfully on people incapable of understanding it. They could be made to accept the most flagrant violations of reality, because they never fully grasped the enormity of what was demanded of them, and were not sufficiently interested in public events to notice what was happening. By lack of understanding they remained sane.”“The very word ‘war’, therefore, has become misleading. It would probably be accurate to say that by becoming continuous war has ceased to exist. The peculiar pressure that it exerted on human beings … has disappeared and been replaced by something quite different. The effect would be much the same if the three super-states, instead of fighting one another, should agree to live in perpetual peace, each inviolate within its own boundaries . For in that case each would still be a self-contained universe, freed for ever from the sobering influence of external danger. A peace that was truly permanent would be the same as a permanent war. This— although the vast majority of Party members understand it only in a shallower sense— is the inner meaning of the Party slogan: War is Peace.”“The best books, he perceived, are those that tell you what you know already.”“The masses never revolt of their own accord, and they never revolt merely because they are oppressed. Indeed, so long as they are not permitted to have standards of comparison , they never even become aware that they are oppressed.”“The key-word here is blackwhite. Like so many Newspeak words, this word has two mutually contradictory meanings. Applied to an opponent , it means the habit of impudently claiming that black is white, in contradiction of the plain facts. Applied to a Party member, it means a loyal willingness to say that black is white when Party discipline demands this. But it means also the ability to believe that black is white, and more, to know that black is white, and to forget that one has ever believed the contrary. This demands a continuous alteration of the past , made possible by the system of thought which really embraces all the rest, and which is known in Newspeak as doublethink.”“Even the names of the four Ministries by which we are governed exhibit a sort of impudence in their deliberate reversal of the facts . The Ministry of Peace concerns itself with war, the Ministry of Truth with lies, the Ministry of Love with torture and the Ministry of Plenty with starvation . These contradictions are not accidental, nor do they result from ordinary hypocrisy: they are deliberate exercises in doublethink.”“If human equality is to be for ever averted— if the High, as we have called them, are to keep their places permanently —then the prevailing mental condition must be controlled insanity.”“Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship . The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power.”"
I received this in a timely manner and it arrived in great condition. I am very happy to have this in my personal library now. This is one of my favorite books.
Product arrived exactly as advertised
Love political novels!
Saw the movie years ago and I liked it but the book was boring
.
"This book is absolutely terrifying.  It resonates much more with me now than it did when I read it as a young person.  The writing is superb, a perfectly executed novel.  The movie version with John Hurt (which came out in 1984) is a very good representation of the book."
"It was no psychic reading of what he predicted and his timing was a little off by 30 years, evident when you read about the technology in the story but very close to a lot of things that do exist today.The political views and the philosophy are what make this book phenomenal, if that's what you're looking for, I recommend this book to you.The plot of the story was incredibly boring and just seemed to drag on forever with such a dull ending.I was more interested halfway through the book when the protagonist Winston found the book by Goldstein and it was like reading a book inside a book, that's the part I wanted read more of it was very interesting."
"This book was awesome! I like dystopian fiction and people had been telling me to read it for years. I don't know why I didn't. When I finally started, I couldn't put it down! If you enjoy the Handmaid's Tale, or even Divergent and the Hunger Games, this book will get you too. Big brother is watching! ;)"
"Take a step into George Orwell's world of 1984 of a world of totally distorted reality and a warning to the future of humanity! This is a captivating and truly shocking book as to the similarities of today's world we are living in, you will discover as you read on through the story. It had pulled me in almost immediately and is a story I was always looking forward to picking back up and reading because I couldn't help but wonder with excitement what would happen next!George Orwell's writing is like none other, and from what I have read of this just uses words and characters that you strongly feel for and develop quite a relationship with because they are so real, such as the main character Winston. When he felt joy - I did, and when he felt pain - I did! I felt as I read I was the character as he really puts you in his head, and by being in his head in this world he makes you think about this world, and it is so believable. I just wanted to absorb and intake every last word!It is a roller coaster ride, just full of twist and turns, and stuck me very emotionally and a story that has highly inspired me to seek truth and stand strongly for freedom in which are country was founded upon or else in can come to a world like 1984 and other respective novels alike. If we are not careful, this is what could become of humanity, and I don't believe we want that! So get it, read it, feel it and make your conclusion from it! This must be one of the best stories too of all time!"
Blew my mind!
"Orwell's capability to foresee what sadly has happened in social and political relations since the cold war, all through dirty wars and societies of control, it's both astonishing and admirable. A masterpiece XX century's literature but also a deep critique of where the world was heading in 1948 and where it is now."
I would recommend this book to anyone. It was a good read but needed something more for a higher rating.
all OK
A classic.
"Incredible book, must to read!!"
Missed it by a few years...
It's the play book for Obama and the NSA.You should read so you know what to expect.
Couldn't believe the ending
also great read really interesting bought it for English class.
"Thank you,very good product I will recommend you to all my friends."
"Son enjoyed very much, was on his schools summer reading list."
"A superb read at anytime, this classic is also a critical and current warning about how the state of affairs in the country/world affect our every day, and denying them to avoid them is self-destruction at best, and open door to tyranny at least.  Allowing for the time frame in which this was written, it is a haunting, and telling book, that will educate you on more than one level.  A must read for everyone.  Truly."
It was ok...
"While it is certainly a fantastic book in terms of historical context and ""warning"", as a readable novel, it falls short. The world-building is extreme and utterly depressing, and while that may attract some readers, it seemed obnoxiously pessimistic to me. Considering the time period at which it was written, the fururistic ideas and techonologies Orwell writes are incredible; but the drawback to his amazing ideas are the characters. Winston confused me: he seemed to me, not complex, but divided. In one chapter, he was a morose, suffering follower of the party; and in another, he was angry, rebellious and logical. Ultimately, Winston seems less like a person and more like a focus lens, through which we can see the world Orwell has built. And while Orwell's opressive world is full of amazing details, a society is only as strong as those who inhabit it; and Orwell's characters fall flat. As for the writing, it was coolly logical and lacking full, emotional statements. Winston is like, as I said before, an automaton; merely a camera through which we see the world. I feel like Winston only does things to showcase different aspects of 1984, like someone leading you through their home. They only move around and explain things because they're giving you a tour, not because the mystical fruit is in the second floor bathroom. Despite these faults, 1984 is obviously a distinct and memorable read. There are countless parallels to our modern world that really do serve as a warning and herald to governments and people everywhere. Orwell succeeded in writing a society so terrible, that even shades of it appearing in our societies enrage and frighten us."
"This is one of my favorite books. If you haven’t been “forced” to read it in high school or college, I really History suggest you download at least a sample of it on Kindle or something. I guarantee you will end up buying it and reading the whole thing. It was written in 1949, so maybe George Orwell thought it was possible for us to end up in a dystopian fascist society by 1984, which really didn’t happen. Still some of the things in his book, to a smaller degree are really accurate. Maybe he was more astute then we thought. His timing was just off. Winston Smith lives in a dystopian society where people not only don’t have freedom of speech, but not even freedom of thought. You thought living behind the Iron Curtain would be bad, at least Stalin didn’t have tele screens put into everyone’s home. It’s a device that constantly projects pro-state propaganda. It also has a camera on it that keeps an on you, so it’s a two way screen and it can’t be turned off. This way the government can watch everything you do to see if you are committing thought crime. The idea is that your feelings will eventually come out in your behavior and if you hate “Big Brother” (the government) then your behavior will betray your feelings and you will be labeled a thought criminal or a follower of Goldstein, the leader of the up-rising. Big Brother wants you brainwashed. If they say 2 plus 2 equals 5, they want you to agree on it and mean it, not just pretend to agree, but really agree. You think, how anyone can really believe that 2 plus 2 is five. That just goes against math. Well, they torture and execute people, a lot. People literally get scared into loving Big Brother. Not only a political commentary, it is also and maybe essentially a love story. Winston meats Julie and they start an affair and fall in love, which is big no no. Love is frowned upon. Secret rendezvous are frowned upon. If they get caught, they will be tortured and probably executed.  It actually is a cold war novel, if you think about it. It has nothing to do with the Russians, but some of it is very similar to what happened under Stalin’s rule."
My only disappointment was that it had no dust cover but it was in very good condition as advertised.
"Amazing inside in world politics, writing this in the late forties. Everyone should read this and learn. Highly recommended book."
A classic.
"I recently read this book at a friend's insistence.  It was very painful to read because some of the things predicted in the book actually happened and are happening today. Orwell did not know about all the ways regular citizens can be under surveillance.  In the U.S.  I don't fear the government as much as the multinational corporations.  They do track our shopping habits, our use of social media and they have powerful weapons to undermine democracy, including radio and television, and now blogs that spread misinformation and brainwash the public.  The doublespeak language is spoken today by hawks and neocons who claim that invading and destroying countries will bless them with ""democracy"", which is not practiced in most places anyway.  The politicians who ""close the government""  and then go on sites closed by the closing of the government to protest the closing (Senator Cruz and Sarah Palin in public parks), or who fight the Affordable Care Act and then sue the president for delaying implementation of part of the plan are vivid examples of this kind of doublespeak.  I did not enjoy reading the book, but I recommend to anybody who wants to live in a real democracy."
Powerful ending
"In the end I actually came to enjoy the book. Though many factors were quite confusing in the book, like the references of politics, government, abstract meanings, even chess puzzles. I found it interesting to read. It has many philosophical points (some I agreed with, some I didn't, and some were too confusing to understand), and it really perks your curiosity as the book goes. It brings light into some of the political and economic struggles that even we face today. All wrapped up with characters that you come to question and relate to."
it's crazy how real so many of the ideas that Orwell had are actually true in our current time frame...
"The last time I read George Orwell's ""1984"" was in 1984.  Then I was impressed with people disappearing in the night to become ""unpersons"", much like happened in Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany.  Otherwise, it was so much futuristic fiction.  Fast forward 30 years to today.  We have NSA collecting our emails, ""security"" cameras on almost every light pole, and endless wars against nationless factions that vow to destroy us.  The only thing lagging behind is the social engineering, but that is a work in progress.  Big Brother is alive and well. This 65 year old book is a must read."
"I am not going into a long summation of the plot.  Let others do that.  What concerns me is whether or not any of the things described in the book exist today.  Well, do they?Do we have thought  police?  Yes, because in addition to a camera phone in everyone’s pocket recording anything that happens and security cameras on every corner, the NSA records 80% of all telephone and computer conversations/ Do we have Newspeak? In a way we do- For instance “uptalk”, the ending of every sentence with a question. Also, there is a gradual disappearance of adjectives and adverbs in conversation.  That is a newspeak kind of thing..Do we have thought crime? – Yes, for instance cyber-bullying.Do we have mind control- Of course we do- It's called the media and it is mostly controlled by big corporations, or “Big Brothers”.And just like in the book we are always at war with someone.  This supports our military industrial complex, mostly with stuff made in China, a communist country.When every action, movement, thought, idea, realization, and more, whether true or false, can instantly be shared- And when you can be monitored on your cell phone or computer with or without your knowledge, then we have gradually developed what the book calls the “telescreen”, This is a device that can disseminate information, often untrue, as well as monitor anyone.  Sound familiar?In the book 1984, the Telescreen catches the two main characters of the book ‘in the act’ so to speak.  All that is left to them is torture and a trial where you are assumed to be guilty and have no representation, (kinda like Guantanamo Bay).  Of course there will also have to be public confessions. These must include anything they have done, anything that torture makes them believe they might have done, and anything else they can make up to please Big Brother and the thought police. This ‘cleanses’ them.  Then “speakwriters” rewrite history to obliterate all record of their existence.  They become an “unperson”.  More Newspeak.And finally- don’t forget “doublethink”.  Do these contradictory ideas exist today?“War is peace”(We are told that our wars create peace).“Freedom is Slavery”(There are people in this country enslaved by their warped idea of freedom.)“Ignorance is peace”(We live most of our lives in ignorance, perpetrated by the media. But since it’s happening to someone else we can live in peace.).I highly recommend this book because in addition to being great fiction, it is also an analogy about our life.  It raises the question- “What the heck is going on around here”?"
"Every reader should read this and realize when it was written, lot's of truth here about people and governments."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"This book is really depressing and morbid but provides a lot of interesting discussion on humanity, government, and the relationship between the two. I didn’t like the plot or characters, but I liked the philosophy. Would I read more by this author? I’ve read enough (2 books). Would I recommend this book to others? No.See the full review on my website, Awesome Book Assessment: http://www.awesomebookassessment.com/2014/07/book-review-1984-george-orwell.html"
"Fantastic modernist novel. I enjoyed it thoroughly. As far as R rated content, there is some. However, the novel does not embellish or dwell on it more than what is necessary. One of the principles of the Society in which Winston lives in is that the natural desire for sex should be abolished, so the adultery is not portrayed in a negative light; in fact, it is portrayed as quite a positive part of the story. I personally did not agree with the way this was handled, but overall, the sketchy parts I would rate as 'not-as-bad-as-Brave-New-World' but 'probably-worse-than-The-Great-Gatsby.' (Of course I mean sexual content, not writing or plot.)Hope this was helpful!"
This is a great book! Well written and very interesting!
Wonderfull book. Should be ready by everyone. 5 stars
"I read this book while in Southeast Asia, inspired by a recent Economist article that referenced Orwell's work to describe current political realities in border provinces in China. I leave it to the reader to make his/her own determination as to the book's relevance."
Needed to buy two to replace lost library book.  Book wasn't lost library just got a donation
Good condition
"First read as one of 16 novels listed for my university entrance exam in 1954.  While doing exam monitoring tasks for a few years just a while back, I was amazed to see it is still listed for entrance exams in the 2000s.I purchased the Amazon offering partly from nostalgia and partly to compare my impressions from now and thenAn interesting forecast for the future. I am still not sure whether we have reached the visions of 1984 or not."
I love this book its amazing
"Although it's a classic with an influence you can't escape, I hated 1984. I realize this visceral reaction fulfills Orwell's intent, which is why I went ahead and gave it four stars. The writing was excellent and compelling until Winston starts reading ""the book."" After that, the reader is left slogging through textbook-like verbiage that seems never ending. When the story picks up again, you know exactly where things are headed, and it feels useless to continue reading. Futility is a main theme; I just wish Orwell had used more story and fewer stark shortcuts to convey it.I also read the Appendix and the Afterword (by Fromm). The Appendix (which is about Newspeak) seems to be a nod to picture theory of language which emerged after World War I. It's an interesting exploration of the relationship between language and thought. Fromm's Afterword was my favorite part of the whole book and should not be skipped.All that said, everyone should read this book. 1984 is a warning. We may be tempted to think the warning is for some other country as we are lulled by our consumerism and entertainment. But that is exactly why this is a book not to be ignored!"
The genius thinking behind the concept of 1984 resonates to issues that arise in present times and all throughout history. Simply a splendid work of literature that is well written and irresistible!
"Best book I have ever read, someone borrow me this book and every since love it, now I got it, awesome hard cover"
Very depressing.  Kept waiting for main character to escape or triumph over Big Brother.
"Excellent book and quite pertinent with regards to society in 2014, with all the information that is available on each of us, it is not difficult for society to manipulated in a similar fashion to 1984."
Love this book! It's thought-provoking and well-written.
Amazing book.
George Orwell a prophet? Maybe.
"I believe '1984' is standard reading for many high school/college English classes, but it wasn't in mine. I decided to read it on my own this summer, and boy am I glad I did.1984 tells the story of Winston Smith, a man who lives in THE totalitarian government, wants to fight back, and isn't entirely sure how. He is watched almost all the time, must be constantly on guard against showing dissent from the party, or else he will be disappeared. While he and similar characters aren't exactly brimming with personality, they don't need to be to make this book good.The greatest thing about this book is the government itself. A common saying in this book is [paraphrased] 'he who controls the past controls the future, and he who controls the present controls the past'. Orwell goes into detail on how to accomplish this, and delivers on all of the horror, both stated and unstated, that goes along with it. The even more classic line 'War is Peace' is brought up, and explained in such a way that I even found it plausible in a severely twisted sort of way. And the worst part? All of this misery, terror, and oppresion? It's entirely believable that it could happen to us. The government doesn't need any sci-fi tech to take absolute control, and they don't need it. Heck, North Korea is doing something similar right now!One minor thing I have to say I like is the prose. A lot the book I've read that are sixty years have a lot of archaic grammar and word choice. 1984 doesn't for the most part.I recommend this book to anyone interested in classic literature, second only to 'Catch-22' in my list of books you should read. So, you know, buy it."
"There have been times when I have read this book and could have sworn it was written by someone who time traveled forward and went back and wrote what he didn't understand. Most notably were the ear shells in his wife's ears as well as the TV wall. Looking at the sizes of televisions these as compared to when the book was written is especially interesting.I understand his desire to just get away and not be watched all the time, and write about a time that he could hardly remember. It was written so long ago yet I can see so many similarities between it and our creeping police state. Every other year or so, I re-read it and Eli Weisel's  Night. One man's experience in a different world. My Weiseal's was non fiction and he lived it but I have no doubt that one day soon we will remember that & 1984 and go searching for them, only to find that they are down the memory hole"
"George Orwell does a fantastic job linking a fictional book with profound thoughts, through the use of metaphors. This is a typical dystopian novel."
"This is one of my favourite books, but I didn't enjoy the reading of it."
good
"This book made me really question my understanding of human nature, truth, and individual importance. The book took no wild turns, I knew just as Winston did that there would be no happy ending. Even so, I think it was important to read."
In great shape
The world was robbed of an intellectual giant when Orwell died. This is a must read for any thinking person.
too dry for us. thanks anyway
Best book I've ever read.  Very well written and captivating story.  A somewhat accurate depiction of our current/future lives.  I wish everyone would read this.
nice book well packaged.
I didn't care for this book. It made me depressed.
Great story.  Required reading for Granddaughter at school.
Its George Orwell's 1984! Does anything else need to be said? Truly one of the best books ever written and a must read for all!
Excellent shape
"At times it was a very challenging read, but I managed to get through those parts. It is still timeless and relevant to the vast numberof changes that are occurring in our society today. Its still a scary book as it foretells our potential future."
"When I was forced to read the book back in high school, the surreal environment didn't seem possible nor very interesting.  The dreary surroundings were simply dull and the circumstances of the characters I couldn't identify with.  However, at an age when I can better appreciate the entire book experience, I find the book to be infinitely more interesting than it was back then. In some ways, with the NSA snooping on cell phones and drones now a reality, intrusion by government into one's life is now not only possible but happening--and 1984 seems a little more plausible than it was 30 years ago. Perhaps it's not a Tom Clancy or Michal Creighton novel, but it has a more than adequate narrative to describe a world lacking hope and completely driven by selfishness and greed."
"This book is great.  I read it when I was a kid in 1981, and thought, ""That's crazy.  That kind of stuff could never happen.""  Well flash forward 30 years later and look around you.  This book is now more of a reading of current events than anything else.  A must read for those who have their eyes open."
"Haven't got a chance to read it all the way through yet, but I've enjoyed it so far and am glad to own a copy of this book."
"This book has three parts to it, part one is pure exposition about the party, giving you perspective and the proper feeling that you are a part of oceania. Part two is where our main character dissent's from his government, realizing it's flaws and vowing to undermine it. Part three ill leave as a surprise, but it's a real mind bender that makes you question psychology, the limits of the human spirit, and what power really is.When i recommend this book to my friends -- which i do often -- i always preface it by saying that it's Orwell's depiction of the potential totalitarian direction the world could have gone after the end of World War II. Since the book was written 1948, and i have yet to read his other books, i assume that this was either his way of foreshadowing the worst to come, or to put projected government post world war as extreme as possible.  Whether that's true or not, it's an excellent read, a classic, and i'd say necessary for any collection"
Such an interesting book from so long ago. It really makes you think while you're reading it and I just can't seem to put it down.
This book made me think in ways that I did not even know that I could....I thought that it was a great journey for me.
"I think George Orwell was a prophet of fiction.  I like the thought police because I have seen evidence of this idea in current events.  I didn't like how Winston and Julia betrayed each other, but at the same time I did like it because it seems more real."
I didn't enjoy the reading.
Fast shipping. great book.
Great book with an incite on the future. I enjoyed the movie as well. At times kind if boring but really good.
I liked the idea behind this book. Unfortunately it was.too mundane for my taste. I guess it's just not my style.
good
"This book, published in 1949, is about a futuristic society in 1984 “where only animals and proletarians are free” and the government’s slogans are: “War is peace/Freedom is slavery/Ignorance is strength.” This totalitarian regime takes place in Oceana, former England, where all the citizens are brainwashed around the clock propaganda broadcasted by TVs placed in the living rooms of houses. TV  screens also allow the government officials spy on the  residents  around the clock. The government vaporizes people of their choosing for the reasons of their own by executing them and erasing any records indicating they once had existed. Also all the records including newspapers or TV broadcast scripts are rewritten in accordance with the reality of the present. Not only the subject matter of the book is so bleak, making one think when he wrote this book the author must have suffered from major depression since no situation could be this helpless and hopeless, the writing style of the book doesn’t help the matter either. If you are curious about this classic, you are better off watching the movie which does a pretty good job and last less than two hours instead of spending several days reading this book."
Perfect for my daughter's summer reading. What a deal!
"Well written. A must read for all. I should have read it in high school, but 25 years later I'm happy I finally read it."
I had heard a lot about this book relating it to the times we live in now.  I can see a lot of parallels between this book and the media etc we have today.  People are no longer private thanks to the internet and much of the other public  material on a person.  Very thought provoking.
this was such an important book in my teenage years.  bought it for my 14 year old son hope it holds up
"This book certainly leads you to expect a certain plot outcome, through hundreds of pages dotted with tiny hints. However, only after you are fully convinced that you know what is going to happen, Orwell takes you expectation and thoroughly shreds it in front of you. He builds up your expectation for joy only to tear it down and punch you in the face. This book is unforgiving and thoroughly good."
A very interesting read about a bleak future with no privacy. One of the best books I've read. I just wish it was longer since I wanted more.
"I enjoyed this classic because it is as relevant in today's societies as when it was written.Who is Big Brother today?  Multi National Corporations, governments that do not represent the interests of their people or a media that is more cynical than critical"
Corruption! Corruption! Those dirty scoundrels! We must stop this slaughter! Big Brother must answer to his crimes! Join our cause if you wish to rid yourself of the shackles of oppression! Join us if you arewilling to fight for a noble cause: Equality! Tally ho and may God be with you!
"Amazing book I remember I saw it back in High School and rejected it but I had to read it in college and regretted the thought of not reading it before it's amazing, scary and interesting book. George Orwell was correct about our world becoming like the world of Oceania."
"The book came in good condition, but it was too small for my taste. Also, I don't really like paperback books."
"relates to what is going on now, but the book was not an easy read. too much about sex and not what I expected. I thought it would be alittle more exciting a longer."
A must read for every teen to adult!! Much better than the movie. This book shows why totalitarian societies suck!!
"It was good but I felt it took forever to get to the climax and the falling action was to short,"
Such an eye opening book. I love it! It's crazy how similar 1984 is to the way the world is today.
Received item.  Set book for English class 11th grade.  Good condition.
"it is a really really good book i recommend it to anyone, im sure you will like it a lot"
I had heard a lot about this book considering the current state of politics.  I figured I should see what all the commotion was about.  Absolutely worth it.  I loved it and I totally see what everyone is talking about.
"Read this book in Jr. high or High School. Thought it was amazing then! Fast forward to the 21st Century & Orwell is Spot On with Big Brother & trying to play down or dumb down people's thoughts, lives & kill to keep it that way.How Orwell knew what was going to happen to this country he must have seen it coming when he was alive! Unbelievably great work. Going to read Animal Farm another great book by George Orwell!"
i bought it to read for my summer homework. it was much better than i expected. hard cover and not just cheap cardboard. it even has a book mark ribbon attached. the cover design is just a red-ish color with the name and author of the book so it would be a good addition for any classic library!
"Great shipping time, I love the cover n it sits nicely on the bookshelf. Of course one hell of a book, almost feel like its predicting police state in todays society. I highly recommend this book!"
"Nineteen Eighty-Four is one of Orwell's most famous and most chilling novels and a thoroughly good read. If you're reading these reviews then chances are you know the plot or the book and don't need it retold here, so I wont.I WILL, however mention that while the story is amazing, the eBook is not great. There are images throughout along the lines of 'You free PDF-extractor trial has expired' or 'Thank you for using PDF-converter' or whatever program it is. This is mildly frustrating but I am unable to tell if it actually interrupts the story or if there are parts missing. There are also plenty of chapter titles missing but as I have never read a physical copy of the book it is entirely likely that that is simply how Orwell intended for the book to be, in line with the running themes of the novel.All of that aside, for the price that I paid for the eBook and the convenience afforded to me by my Kindle...I'm not overly fussed. I got what I paid for and it was worth it. I will probably still buy a nice, physical copy of the book for my collection."
"i knew they were watching but no one believed me. why oh why wouldn't they listen? oh god, i tried to warn them. i didn't want to do it, those terrible things. but in the end it was the only way to save them. you have to see that. you have to understand. all in all a wonderful book."
"Orwell couldn't have done better with this classic. Not only a good read for personal benefits, but this book is used in highschools and colleges around the world. A great read to discover dystopian literature as well."
After reading this I feel I need to go through it again. I don't wish to spoil anything but this book left me with a profound sense of sadness. I hope this work of fiction never comes true.
This is an exellent portrail of anti utopian society and of what the 2nd world war could have turned into
"If I had read this when it first came out, I might feel differently about the book.  Reading it today, I found the writing style very difficult to read and over all it is just too stupid sounding considering of what we know today about technology.  Couldn't finish it."
This is an extreme interpretation of what can be possible in a future totalitarian state. Orwell dashes our hopes for Winston and Julia which leaves the reader with not a glimmer of hope. There are shades of Stalin's Russia. Hitler and Stalin would have loved to have had their own Thought Police
"Not only is this novel brilliant in and of itself, but its pervasive influence to this day is a testament to the quality of the work and the ideas represented."
"Book condition was as described.I simply had to choose 1984 for ""84"" centsI would recommend friends to this supplier.Debbie Shesgreen"
"This is a great story, but....There's always a but. There is hardly any margin on the pages and the book is very narrow compared to most novels. In short, it is the quality of materials that earned this purchase the one star. The story is epic and relevant!"
I had to read this in high school.  Very powerful
"I thought I knew the story, but I was wrong in so many ways. I knew Big Brother was BIG, but I did not know he was doublebiggest, my contribution to Newspeak. It is incredible how this seemingly crazy guy, writing in the 40's, was so insightful about the world of 1984 as well as 2014. A good book deserves a happy ending. A great book has this kind of an uneasy, thought provoking finish.George, I cannot wait for your new release."
"A very complex book, that makes you think about alot of things when compared to life. I loved the plot and storyline, that is, until the end. I wish it would have been different in some way."
"Interesting concept and I can see how this writing is compared to what is happening in our world today, but it was very non climactic and the character development was lacking."
"Interesting, but so wordy and preachy. I read it just because it is on reading lists, so I wasn't disappointed."
"A recent discussion motivated me to re-read ""1984"" after 40 years or so.  It still works.About totalitarianism, it's still a good account, but you can see the frayed edges in his tapestry.  Not surprisingly, Orwell's fictional technology of surveillance does not match the real-world technology of modern times.  And, typically of practically all futuristic literature, the economic plausibility of the depiction is lacking.  (The number of people tracking the attitudes of Winston and Julia, and the time invested in that project, would quickly bankrupt any economy, no matter how finely tuned, were it applied to everyone in similar circumstances.)But Orwell's relentless description of thought control is uncannily contemporary.  The project to continually remake memories, to literally eradicate the past by constantly recreating history, looks terribly like our world of manipulable records.  Michael Chrichton's ""Rising Sun"" (1992) worried about how digital photography could be modified to the point that the original was impossible to identify.  More recently, a New Yorker magazine article by Michael Specter (""Partial Recall"") told about clinical progress toward excising painful memories and replacing them with different, constructed memories.  The aim is clinical, to repair mental trauma.  But you ought to compare this new technology to the methods of the thought police in ""1984.""  It's disconcerting, to say the least."
"In the novel 1984 by George Orwell, a party member named Winston becomes conflicted by his society after questioning why? He quickly finds himself in a downward spiral. He’s disappointed when he notices that the Party alters the truth. As the story progresses, Winston meets a younger girl named Julia. Winston and Julia become close and develop an intimate relationship together. They discover that they both endure hate towards the Party and Big Brother. The comrades start to rebel against the Party and become members of the Brotherhood. Towards the end of the novel, Winston and Julia are arrested for thoughtcrime. They are brought to the Ministry of Truth. Winston is tortured and interrogated by O’Brien until he learns, accepts, and understands his love for the Party and Big Brother. After being reintegrated into society, Winston is brought back to the Ministry of Truth and is killed. This novel isn’t a modern-day literature. It’s told at a time where there is technology but not our average computer and phone. There are telescreens and memory holes. The telescreens are used to watch over the people who live in Oceania. The memory holes are used to erase data that is no longer true. Oceania is a dictated state. The story is revealed through Winston who often writes in a diary. It’s not a thriller, romance, or adventure story. Instead, it’s a dystopian novel. It’s more like a grim view of the future with less technology. However, there’s a great deal of irony. Although, there isn’t a lot of humor or entertainment. 1984 is very challenging to read and can sometimes become tedious. Furthermore, 1984 isn’t a part of a series so don’t look for any upcoming releases for a new book. Overall, I would recommend this novel to someone else. There are many different meanings to interpret which will keep you interested. This literature sheds light into the nature of inhumanity. The intense plot will keep you at the edge of your seat. Lastly, 1984 will make you think about how the world will be in the near future. Reading 1984 made me question if our world would gradually change into a world like Oceania. What if the Golden Country was a reflection of modern day today? Without a doubt, I enjoyed reading 1984 by George Orwell."
Thought provoking... Excellent. Orwell was way ahead of his time. What a mind! A must read for all. Can be disturbing
"Finally read this book and thoroughly enjoyed it. Incredible vision George had. The book is darker than I expected for some reason,  but a great story."
"Big Brother is watching you. Winston, a Party member, lives the life of lies. Anything and everything is controlled by the government, or Big Brother. They punish anyone for just about anything even something called Thoughtcrime, which was thinking about doing something you weren't supposed to. Winston meets a dark-hair girl named Julia, who shows him you can bend the rules slightly, but they get too attached to each other. From then on (without even the reader knowing till later on) the government uses that as their way of “curing” them. They did not love Big Brother and they were not going to take that so they tricked them into betraying one another after everything they believed in and fought for. This is a Science and Utopian Fiction book created by the author is George Orwell. In Book I, it was very poor and slow, I thought, I couldn't get into it at all. However into Book II & III it gets entertaining because i finally understood it and it left me wondering what was going to happen next. I thought it was harder to read because I didn't understand a lot of the words so i had to look them up, also they switched up what they were doing very quickly throughout the book. At first i dreaded reading the book and avoided it as much as possible, but don't judge a book by its cover because 1984 will surprise you with how intense and detail the book gets, that being said i highly recommend reading 1984, and i am not a big fan of reading so consider this book an option."
"It isn't much of a stretch to read this book and the path America is going down. In fact, the entire world seems to be going down the path where Big Brother seems to rule every aspect of lives, whether it be the NSA snooping, no knock SWAT raids, false news from ""the front“ in the war on terror, drone strikes, or so called ""hate crime"" laws. All the elements of an Orwellian society are in place-the Ministry of Peace (requires just the right force to not win the war, but keeps the country in a state of equipoise) is the Department of Defense, the Ministry of Love (enforces loyalty to Big Brother) is the Department of Justice, and the Ministry of Truth (dedicated to rewriting history) is the Department of Education. Everyone should read this book and heed its warnings of what happens when the state controls every aspect of our lives."
A prophetic word retelling history and foretelling the future! We've studied the history and we're living the future... a bit scary!
"A must read book for anyone at a great price there isnt much reason to not buy this book, ok?"
Orwell was definitely ahead of his time with this story. Alot of what he stated in 1984 seemed to be drawn right from todays society and political arena. A must read.
There are some comparisons to our world now. The book is a real downer. I'm pretty sure that things wouldn't get this bad. It takes a lot of valium to read this. I lost interest about half way through. Definitely not uplifting. I think that it would be better to read a book about how to build self confidence and seek goodness in the world.
Seems light for an ending. Perhaps there should have been a sequel. Not an easy read. interesting book for what it is but most should pass on this classic.
"It started out really slowly with a very slow build up. Book one wasn't very exciting. Book two was good. Book three was fantastic. Overall, I'm not really sure what I thought but it definitely affected me."
"Orwell's nightmare vision comes closer to reality each year.  The surveillance and propaganda society has existed, and it appears more likely to exist in more efficient forms with the ascendancy of technology.  Our lives are unprotected open books, and the surveillance state is being constructed to monitor our every thought and activity and to store these bits of data forever.  Emmanuel Goldstein, the false opposition, is also a reality.  Disinformation snares those that reject the system but lack the sophistication and intellectual rigor to sort the true from the false.  Winston Smith's role in the Ministry of Truth, rewriting the news on a continual basis so that the lies remain consistent is now no longer a fanciful idea.  The memory hole is real, and the national and international corporate media ignores the many inconvenient facts that have come before, most truth simply rendered to the memory hole where the masses never see it."
"Fascinating.... Exciting, the underlying philosophy of this book is still valid today in some cultures.......even in the free world. it's amazing how you can put yourself into a book pretending and thinking about a way of living."
"I am please with the condition, but not pleased with the actual cover of the book. I was expecting the same cover as pictured. To me which ever picture is used on the site, should be the one received, however this could have been an oversight on my part. I do not like the new picture on cover. I love this cover."
"This book is amazing, it is more than just a novel. It is a book ahead of its time. Simply, Its content makes more sense now than it did at the date when it was published. Powerful book."
"While many of the ideas in this book such as ""Big Brother"" have entered the language and some scary concepts like constant surveillance were predicted, the book drags on with excessive restatement."
"Any person that thinks a large government is a good thing, should read this book, an excellent thought provoking read."
"Good drama, but it has its preachiness."
"This book will make you stop and think. Think about today, what could happen, and what is reality. Orwell was such a brilliant mind!"
The book is pretty relevant given today's government oversight into everything we do now.
It was a good book really well written but quite depressing
Loved it!
"Sad, but almost prophetic look of the future for Amerika."
There is still so much in this novel that is relevant today. It's about human nature after all. I still do not think that Winston will remain brain washed.
"Even if you read it in high school, read it again and weep.  You will see the similarities in our present day and it will scare you more than ever."
"Fantastic! Great service, exactly as described and exactly what I was expecting."
Disturbingly relevant.
"Fantastic, thought provoking, disturbing and possible!  Applicable in this date and time with the current administration. I have recommended this to many."
The concepts presented in this book were laid out well but were extremely chillingly horrific for a horrible unwanted future.
"This is a classic novel.  Not sure how I was never required to read this in all my schooling, but it is definitely one that should be read!"
"This is one of those books that are worth reading again and again. Each time I read it I get something new, I know it."
"This book remains a stark warning against security-obsessed governments, power-loving leaders, and those who might enable both.  A balance exists between liberty and order, but 1984 is a fine place to start with what's wrong with order."
A prophetic account of our chilling future. A must read for all that see a conspiracy behind every bush. Could be a time we are walking into.
"Seriously why haven't you read this book? This is still one of the most thought provoking books ever written. At times you will think that modern governments misunderstood it's purpose, that governments think it's an instruction manual and not a warning. Just read this book! It's fantastic!"
"The modern parallels I saw in the book were frightening, that being said the world and characters George Orwell created were very believable. I really enjoyed this book and it is one the people should read."
"""Every year, fewer and fewer words, and the range of consciousness always a little smaller.""-WinstonEven today, in a real world, this book rings true in many ways."
"It's not my favorite of the classics, but it's influence and pull on popular entertainment is amazing to see once you've read it."
"Absolutely excellent book.  I loved the development of Winston, a hero without heroic qualities.  Whatever your literary preference is, take time to read this as it will enhance your literary perspective.  This book is classic for a reason."
"Phenomenal book. Too bad it's not required reading before citizens are allowed to vote. I read this in high school and it was just ""ok"" at he time. Now that I've lived a little, it's worth every penny."
"This book completely baffled my presence and perspective of government. Here, we meet Winston, a rebellious being who wishes to go against all odds and be with his true love (Julia). He continues to rebel until he gets caught. When Winston gets caught, the world stops. The reader can see that Winston shreds every piece of his integrity in order to save himself. He is willing to sacrifice Julia in order to avoid getting eaten by rats. Winston dares not to rebel again. The ultimate conclusion comes that humans can break through enough physical and mental pain. I would definitely recommend this book to all."
I read this book several years ago and wanted a copy for my library in case there was anyone I thought might be interested in reading this amazing book.
Great book to read a second time.Winston comes acros as a willing participantIn the end  I would read this book again.
A very interesting read about a futuristic society that doesn't seem very futuristic anymore as it is pretty normal about how life is nowadays.
Re-read this after many years and still a classic. A MUST read  in today's uncertain world of privacy and freedom.
"Not only is the concept awesome, Orwell's style is what makes this book such a worthy read. It does drag on for from time to time. However, if one were to re-read the book, it is clear as to why each statement is presented the way it is. I am usually hesitant to read the so called ""dystopian"" novels, but this is an exception. Great work by Orwell (as always)."
"A world of ""what-if"" the government had complete control of the past, future, and your thoughts. An interesting read if you like sci-fi."
I was looking for a book that I could write notes on the side for school and it gave me enough room to be able to write out to the side. It was delivered quicker than expected in just a few days and it was in excellent condition.
"Kind of weighty to get through and depressing, yet Mr.Orwell was ahead of his time. We can see many of the dark things he wrote about fictionaly becoming our reality"
Classic novel. Everyone should read it just to see how much of it has now come to pass.
This is a good story showing where we may be headed. As the Federal Government  tries to extend it's powers we lose our rights.
Not my cup of tea
An amazing book.
Great products! I love Amazon!
"The cover is kind of delicate, the paper is more on the cheap side, but I just can't give this awesome story less than five stars."
"Awesome book, really good kindle edition . This is what would have happened to the world had the Soviet Union won the Cold War . Scary !!!!! Many parallels with the modern day also"
Exactly as expected
The copy is not the same edition as pictured.
I thought this an anxious read in the beginning and startling ending. I remember this being required reading in my high school back in the late '80s.  It's a historical read who's lesson should not be forgotten.
"I remember reading this in high school, back then it was about the future. And reading it now it's about the past.It was interesting to compare what the author George Orwell thought the future would be , and how the past really was . For instance there is no ""Big Brother"" watching your every move.."
Good perfect good perfect. Nice ok. I like it. Thank you. I really do like it. Thank you so much.
"Even though this book was assigned to me during my school years it is still one of my favourite books that I have read. George Orwell had captivated me during every page that I turned, and I do think that everybody should take the time to read this fascinating book. Loved it. Read it. One day will probably read it again."
"This book just... Left me speechless. What started out as an assignment fit school ended as a total consumption of this book.Although it can be dry, I was blown away."
"This was my first George Orwell book, it is very imaginative and as always way better than the movie :-)."
"It's a great book but I received the wrong edition. I ordered what's in the picture I ended up with a red version published but puffington. I didn't exchange/return because I needed it for class, and it had taken long enough to get here."
"This is a wonderful book that has me amazed at the humans mind.  Here is an example of a book written 40 years in the future,  and is now based 30 on a future that could have happened 30 years ago.  It's timeless.  Here is a book that obviously has a very perceptive grasp on human nature and how possible it is for our kind to create a world where we have  lost the battle of individual freedom."
"It was hard for me to believe this book was published in 1948.  I am glad that I read it for myself, because I woudl not have believed it, hearing it from someone else.  It is pertinent today."
Or maybe I'm too old. So much of this spying on the public is now true. I guess that's taken the excitement out of the story for me.
"Scariest nightmare one can have. A world without curiosity and enjoyment. Where 2+2 is 5, white always mated in a chess game and whatever Big Brother wished. Orwell created such an absurd world to say that Shakespeare is the solution. And it means that we got to fell madly in love by something to break stupid systems. By something, something! (Read it again with the Rocky Balboa’s emphatically voice).  :-)"
My daughter needed this book to do a homework assignment. Perfect choice. We got it quickly with prime. You know how it goes with kids they tell you at the last minute they need something for school.
"1984 may have come and gone, but Orwell's depiction of the future is still chilling and his insight into human and inhuman nature is still relevant."
"1984 is very well written, the first few chapters reads very much like a modern day North Korea account. It's hard to believe that this was actually written more than 60 years ago! I wonder how Orwell himself would have been astonished at how accurate a picture he is able to paint about the communist regime.There is very good flow in the text, the book gives a very good feel as you read it, it is not too fast-paced for you to want to take a break while reading, neither is it too slow paced that makes you want to give up reading the book. The book is split into 3 big blocks, each taking almost equal portion of the book, which is a good accomplishment, Orwell does not, like many contemporary authors rush through the ending giving a huge sense of dissatisfaction as you draw to a close.The first part deals with the relative joy and dissatisfaction of Winston, the main character of the story, and his romance with Julia.The second part mainly deals with his imprisonment and betrayal. (Sorry this is really a short statement on a big block, but to go anymore will spoil the whole story. Read it yourself!)The third part deals with his re-education and re-assimilation back into his society.Highly recommended for those who are interested in North Korean or communist life, or any history major who just wants to have a vivd picture of life under the communist regime.Ratings: 5/5Animal Farm is a somewhat related to 1984, but a lot shorter and maybe a more macro view of things as compared to 1984. This is a big compliments to 1984 and in my opinion, should be read first, and then follow by 1984.Animal Farm really is the story of how communist overthrown the existing government and is finally ruled by the animals. Not long after, the animals began to see that this rule is not as fair as what they once thought were or what they had envisioned, would it be better to be ruled by humans? Or by the animals?Orwell, does in my opinion, gives a inaccurate picture of the communist regime in the sense that the animals had a lack of technology while building their windmill, however, as Orwell has to write it in a convincing manner from the animal's perspective, I think this lack is not a huge  drawback.This book is one that you can finish within 2 hours and would definitely give you a joy as you finished it, well written and crafted. Excellent piece of literary.Ratings: 4.5/5"
"The book has really good ideas but very slow, boring and depressing. A lot of details could have been removed."
George Orwell wrote this futuristic novel if I recall correctly after he came home to England after having fought against Franco's fascists in the Spanish civil war. It is about the threat to humanity posed by dictatorships that will seize power and use secret thought police to prosecute political dissidents for thought crimes. Orwell was an English socialist he fought Franco's fascists but he also if I recall correctly barely made it out of Spain alive one step ahead of Stalin's KGB assassins. I argue that Orwell when he wrote this book was trying to warn all of humanity about the dangers of Dictatorships Fascist and Communist that wrought such genocide murder and havoc in the last century.
"Some of the imagery was intense in a suspenseful way where little hints of what was coming is expressed though symbols. The symbolism of some of the objects had an immense meaning beyond what they were, which I enjoyed greatly. I must say that Winston's journey was like conforming to what the ministry intended: everyone accepting and loving big brother. big brother was nothing more than an idea of ""power"" which was used to strike fear into everyone. An example of this fear was the thought police and paranoia of being caught because of the slightest imperfect thought. These thoughts were the opposite of what made sense but more of what they wanted to believe. The belief that everyone is malleable into an ideal citizen was what O Brien wanted to instill in Winston.The book was amazing, there was lessons of , love, rebellious acts, betrayal, and beliefs. Each person is controlled by the things that they wanted, which is what ultimately led to certainconsequences."
"I wanted to read this book after hearing about how it is ""so what is going on in thee world today"", i must say it is hard to drawl that conclusion for me. the book was well wrote and i enjoyed the story very much, it started out slow but once it picked up it was hard to put down."
"1984 is not a particularly good novel, but it is a very good essay. On the novel front, the characters are bland and you only care about them because of the awful things they live through. As a novel all the political exposition is heavyhanded, and the message completely overrides any sense of storytelling. As an essay, the points it makes can be earthshaking. It seems everyone who has so much as gotten a parking ticket thinks he lives in a 1984-dystopia. Every administration that reaches for power, injures civil liberties or collaborates too much with media is accused of playing Big Brother. These are the successes of 1984's paranoia, far outliving its original intent as a battery against where Communism was going (Orwell was a severely disappointed Marxist), and while people who compare their leaders to Big Brother are usually overreaching themselves and speak far away from Orwell's intent and vision, it is a useful catchcloth for dissent. Like so many immortalized books with a social vision, 1984's actual substance is so thin that its ideologies and fear-mongering aspects can be stretched and skewed to suit the readers. If you'd like a better sense of the real world and Orwell's intents, rather than third-hand interpretations of his fiction, then his Homage to Catalonia is highly recommended."
"it's a book.  I mean, what do you want me wot say about it?  I'm reading it.  It's good. Poop."
"A classic.  Haven't read it since the Soviet Union collapsed.  Wasn't sure it was still going to still feel trenchant and important.  It did. Still relevant, still challenging, still worth the read."
More people need to read this book.
Great book!  Read this one in high school but got it for my Mom for Christmas. A great read!
"reading this hopefully leads you to the awakening that LANGUAGE, the structure of our LANGUAGE, its various structural components act on our brains/nervous system in such a way as to control us. WHOLESALE brainwashing. numerous assumptions embedded in us, many of them unconscious assumptions that funnel downwards into more assumptions. many assumptions are conflicting. even the SYNTAX of our language presupposes that the order and manner in which sentences occur are appropriate and final.GO FIND OUT ABOUT neurolinguistic programming, general semantics, hypnosis, Milton Erickson, 'the map is not the territory' - analogy.  human beings react to their IDEAS about the world, they do not react to the world. words can be used like kryptonite. the worst lie we are told as children is this:  sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me.  WRONG , names.........words can trigger heart attacks, epileptic fits, migraine headaches, emphazema, aneurisms, strokes, etc etc. we are all so fragile."
A classic of american literature.  something everyone should read at least once.  It can really open your eyes to what goes on in the goverment.
We're already dead...
Worked as intended.
"It was very eye-opening.  I had never read it before in school, but as an adult I was able to see distinct parallels to today's current geo-political climate."
The book is splendid! This classic is quite disturbing and tense. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a great read.
good
haunting. captivating. thought provoking. terrifying. shocking. stimulating. tragic. vivid. creative. forceful. relevant. depressing. enlightening. bleak. complete. intimate. brave. timeless. punishing.
"1984 - George OrwellIncredibly insightful and thought-provoking, George Orwell’s novel, 1984, rarely fails to be recognized by members of society today as anything other than one of the most famous, if not one of the greatest, books ever written. Millions have been drawn to explore Orwell’s dystopian world, centered in Oceania, with Winston Smith as their guide, and have thoroughly enjoyed the fascinatingly complex and ominous story within. 1984 warns against the dangers of extensive government control, propaganda, fabrication, ignorance, and curiosity within a totalitarian regime, though there are many other themes revolving around betrayal, broken hope, and forbidden love. The novel is not without its weak points, though it is difficult to find such a needle in the haystack of Orwell’s masterpiece. Diction and syntax within the book are both complex and stimulating, however the majority of the text is spoken through the mind of Winston Smith as he contemplates the circumstances he finds himself in. This approach to the novel is intentional, as the way the words are conveyed reflects an idea about the society, that thoughts such as his are not shared because they are dangerous. Yet, this method of translating ideas into text is rather tiresome with the lack of dialogue. The plot consists of a number of significant events, but mostly of Winston’s thoughts regarding the government, what life used to be like, the possibility of joining a resistance, his forbidden love for Julia, and other such topics which he finds upsetting. While the government’s scandalous activities and the exciting scenes of Winston interacting within potentially dangerous situations are thrilling alone, the magic of 1984 is experiencing the story with the protagonist. The plot is the life of Winston Smith from the purchase of his journal to his unlikely submission. Though the plot of Orwell’s story is incredible to say the least, his skill with characterization compliments his writing style in such a way that the novel is made even more interesting. Rather than explain each character through their words and actions, the author allows Winston to convey his thoughts on his acquaintances in order to characterize them to the reader rather than allowing the reader to decide for his- or her-self. This has the effect of leaving the same surprise for the reader to experience as Winston when the latter’s impressions of certain individuals are incorrect. With my only complaint being the occasional boredom which accompanies extensive periods without dialogue, the book is marvelous. Original, gripping, and haunting, Orwell’s creation seizes the attention and rarely lets go. Narrow-minded individuals would claim the story’s inappropriateness for brief sexual content and communistic ideas, but it is my belief that these factors are integral to the matter behind the cover, and in no way compromise the decency of any fortunate enough to read the novel. 1984 lives up to its reputation as a classic worthy of being read by anybody with a taste for dystopian writing and those with a broad capacity for outstanding literature."
"I had to read this book for my 10th grade pre-A.P English class. When I first learned we'd be reading this book I wasn't to excited.. the beginning was interesting, but some parts in the middle were to dull for my liking. BUT the ending was amazing. Overall  I loved the book, but I wouldn't recommend it because if I hadn't been forced to read it for my English class I wouldn't have given this book a second thought let alone a glance."
"I got it for English Class. The book is not at all boring and is actually interesting. I'm not much of a reader and I wanted to read this book constantly, so that is saying something.P.S: If you hate oppression, you'll love this book"
"Numbers are fun. Books are hard. This book is a number, so it's good, even though it's hard. But this number book."
"I was hoping to get the same cover as the one shown but my book came with a RED cover that I ADORE. Much better in my opinion, the novel is an amazing read!"
I really enjoyed the storyline.  The plot moved very well.  I was always cheering for Winston.  The end was not what I was expecting.  My only problem with the story was the lengthy description of Goldstein's book.  Overall it was very well done.
"1984 by George Orwell is a difficult book to review. So much that has been written in science fiction since 1949 has stolen directly from this book, some have done better, some worse.  The usage of the phrase Big Brother is in our common vernacular, the concepts of someone always watching and overall conspiracies, fill our news feeds.  So, when reviewing a book about the future of 1984 as viewed in 1949, one has a bit of trouble knowing where to start.This book is a perfect example of the question of whether or not life mirrors art.  So much of today is in fact quite similar to the world outlined by Orwell in this well-revered tome, that one can't help but be impressed.But does that make this a great book?No, the story does.  This biting satire is hidden within a fantastic narrative of a man who wants to be free.  In a book where dialogue is not even permitted for most of it, it is amazing how much emotion and conversation Orwell is able to produce with just a look.  The ideas crafted throughout this book, such as the 2 minute hate, or the telescreens that are always watching while also always pumping out propaganda, make this story that much darker as we, the reader, work with Winston to try to find a safe place to just be free, to be a person.Of course, Orwell had way too much to say on his fears of government to allow just his fantastic satire to speak for itself and sneaks in a great deal of his own propaganda through the book of the rebel leader, which is laid out in long form through the center of the novel.  However, the real power of this book is in everything but that, the struggle of Winston to be free, all the way to the struggle of Winston to be one with the party, and to his final end.If you cut out Goldstein's book, I would give 1984 the full five stars.  What Orwell lays out in there is brilliant, but ultimately takes away from the narrative.  However, even with it, you get an amazing cautionary tale, that ends, ultimately, with acceptance.  It's quite magnificent."
"Wonderfully structured and presented. Orwell was great at organizing both inner thoughts and dialogue in a non-confusing way. The reputation preceded itself, and took away from the emotional reaction I was hoping to get"
"Never read this book in high school so I decided to check this out- probably the original dystopian novel with what is a relevant theme especially today...the overarching political ideology is brutal and terrifying, even if a bit far-fetched in how much power the ""party"" wields over the populace with the dominating, all-seeing and supposedly omnipotent leader ""big brother"" maintaining perfect social order-which is what I found the most frightening. Still though, could not put it down. Should definitely be a mandatory read in secondary schools today, not sure why we didn't read this in my day!"
Reading 1984 was quite the journey. Although the ending was not what I hoped for or expected I still liked the book.
Curious ideas which make you think of what you would do in the situation... Makes you wonder how much free think & doublethink we have going on (Let the conspiracy theories run rampant!)
"Really good book, had to read it for school, but it was really interesting. It gripped me in within the first few chapters."
Fantastic read. Thoroughly enjoyed from start to finish! I couldn't put the book down and I am looking forward to some more orwell novels
"Sometimes it's a big slow, but overall very good read.  Interesting and a little scary.  Good for a book club because I definitely would have liked to discuss the ending with others"
"If you are searching for a book that will make you want to laugh or cry or feel genuine feelings, this book won't please you. However, Orwell does a fantastic job in this book. His refusal to reveal certain details about the world is both frustrating and revealing about the mindset of the character, as it helps you to connect with their own inability to gain any information. From a literary standpoint, the book is good. From a political standpoint, it's a must-read warning about the dangers of governments becoming too powerful."
"Once I read the introduction, and tapped the screen to advance to chapter 1, etc ... it jumped to 40% done, and I had to go back.  I tried this twice, to make sure there wasn't some problem with my Kindle .. no.  This implementation of the book has an error, at least this one."
It was just as I expected reading a book about the pasts future. There are some rough patches you'll have to trudge through but I think it is a must read for high schoolers to tie into philosophy and English classes.
I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading books written 50+ years ago that somehow end up having an eerily prophetic foresight into the society in which we currently live. Novels such as 1984 warn the readers how quickly a society could go from it's current state to one as described in this book. Loved it.
Orwell captures the essence of perfect subjugation in a dystopian setting. Written with master precision with jewels of wisdom on almost every page. Truly a classic.
"I first read this book in spring of 1967 as a college sophomore.  I thought it was interesting and easy to read.  I thought it was a tale about a nation where government had gone to the extreme - a socialist bureaucracy.  I never suspected that government could get this intrusive in a democratic-republic, the most freedom loving nation in the world!However, I now wonder if we weren't on our way to bloated, over-powering government.  And I wonder if socialism and bureaucracy haven't completely taken hold, entrenched large powerful government, unconcerned with individual rights???  Orwell… a genius or a prophet?  Everyone should read this book accompanied by a copy of the Bill of Rights!"
"Pretty good. I get bored with the long philosophical reading. Otherwise a great book. Well written, I love the characters"
"I picked this up because it is considered a cautionary warning that folks should read. The message it sends may become more relevant as technology continues to expand and improve and government is able to reach deeper into our lives with monitoring technology. I doubt that society will ever reach this depth of surrender but it seemed like something one should read any way. It was depressing, confusing, and a little frightening."
This book speaks to how power corrupts.  absolutely.  started a little slow but definitely picked up and ended too quickly.
I haven't even finished this book and already want to drown myself in horse semen. I can't even imagine that the author of this book was too much of a pussy to even keep his real name. I knew immediately that this book would suck because it was recommended to me by my English teacher. I now know how bad womens' taste in literature is and will not be voting for Hillary Clinton anytime soon.
"Great read, I really liked this book. I would recommend this book be read by all high school aged kids."
"At 1st I considered the book a bit slow going but that was for a reason as I found out later.  The writing was great and very detailed.  It was hard to put this book down and as the time went by I was wanting so bad to finally get to the end.  I find the things he said to be partial truth at this time in the world.  For all we know it could be worse than we think, that's the point, what do we really know? The ending broke me.  But for someone back in 1948 writing about the world generations ahead of his time he hits it hard and drives the nails into our coffins.  Should you read this, which I would recommend, it would be best if you knew a lot about what is really going on in the world and I'm not talking about watching main stream media."
This was quite an amazing book. I found myself entranced by the writing style and use of imagery. But I was very dissapoitned
"this, of course, was required reading 40 years ago. today it is even more disheartening. How will we preserve humanized institutions?"
That was horrifyingly interesting and I recommend it. All stars for the quality and story. George Orwell did a scarily good job
"I first read 1984 in 1974, when I was a teen.Reading it again, 40 years later, left me darkly disturbed.  In addition to the dystopia everybody is familiar with, this piece tackles some elemental aspects of what it means to be human.And of course the dystopia is far more real now than 1974, meaning this book needs to be read by everybody now."
"This was a Book Club selection for me. It provided a great opportunity,however, to observe that not a lot has changed since Orwell made his projections for how the world would be in 1984 and it is 2014. We are still struggling with some of the life lessons discussed in this book."
"Great book, it was easy to read and well written. I found the plot interesting and didn't predict the end at all."
"This book is an absolute screen play of what is taking place today in this pussified place we call the united states of america. It is TRUE.Just remember, Big Brother is everywhere.Also, 2+2=5"
Neat edition in hardcover with brand page and graphic work in satin top notch. Enjoyed and buy another of the same standard
I think that this book is ok. I Had to read it as a class assignment. It an get a little confusing.
Now dated but you can draw some parallels with life today.  As a novel of course it drags but that is hardly why you might read it.
The rendition of Newspeak and forgetfulness of the evolution of logic are a novel behind Orwell. that this work portends to predict our direction beyond  the leanings  of the twentieth century have certainly been verified.now at the beginning of the twenty-first century.. The use of gerrymandering to expand illogic can lead to debasement of our world as well as our nation. I can only wish that there is  turnaround and this nation ad world becomes better.
"A very heavy and relevant piece even today. However, be forewarned. Much of the sensual imagery is revolting and should be skipped over; you won't miss much. This should not be taken as a novel, with a conflict and resolution. Rather it is a study of the truth of what is fact and what is merely contained within our skulls."
"Honestly speaking it's a very very very good book, I really love it's atmosphere and how George Orwell introduces us to this totalitarian world of Oceania.5/5 I recommend reading this to everyone. You won't regret wasting your time on it believe me!"
The book was in bad shape with ripped pages which was not as described.  I could handle the writing but you would have to tape the book together again before you can read it.
"With 4000+ reviews, there's not much more I can say about 1984 that's already been said. I consider this the holy grail of page-turners.George Orwell's story takes place in a totalitarian society controlled by the Party where everyone's action is under the watchful eye of Big Brother. The only thing that belongs to an individual is the few cubic centimeters inside your skull. You are not even allowed to think unacceptable thoughts (known as ""thoughtcrime""). Everyone must completely submit to the service of the Party, and must blindly accept whatever the Party tells you is truth.1984 is a classic political thriller that I was unable to put down. With everyone talking about this book again in reference to government spying and North Korea, this book is a must-read!"
This is one of the all time best books I have ever read. I have read 1984 several times over the years and it still is an interesting story. I think this should be read by every one at some point.
The orwellian society is one of the best reads for understanding how fragile the human condition is and how to protect yourself from losing humanity
"Great story, if not completely depressing.  It's amazing as to how close this is to today's reality.A recommended read to see the parallels with our government of today.Just because you don't think you are important enough for them to be watching your every move, doesn't mean they aren't."
I found this to be very strange in the beginning and then it got interesting. Found myself skimming to get to the point... not sure I found it. I was dissappointed at the ending.
Read this as things between Russia and Ukraine flared up. Putin had his wife's name expunged from his biography. Vaporized almost. Blair hits the nail on the head over and over again. Excellent.
"Prophetic, insightful, hardly a fantasy, still so relevant. Although the world is NOTHING like it was when he wrote this in terms of technological advancement, this book is strong evidence that the more things change, the more they stay the same..."
"It seems to me that one cannot reasonably assess '1984' without taking into account the time in which Orwell wrote it. Three years after the end of World War II, fresh from the horrors of Hitler and the Nazis, with the Soviet totalitarian state a global force to be reckoned with, also with fresh memories of the Depression and continued rationing in London even after the war, Orwell must have seen the very real possibility that conditions could very possibly get worse. It was possible to conceive of greater horrors than the Nazis.In Oceania, the continent that emerged from the post-World War II society, comprised of the former United Kingdom, North and South America and Australia, everyone is the proverbial face crushed beneath the boot of Big Brother. The area formerly known as Britain is now Airstrip One. Language has been revised to eliminate ambiguity. The member of the Party who stops to reflect on this world, he lives in fear of his own wayward thoughts. One such member, Winston Smith, is an editor, revising historical records in the Ministry of Truth, a bureaucratic organization whose primary function is to rewrite history to bring it into conformance with currently accepted truths, most of which can change from day to day, such as whether Oceania is and has always been at war with Eurasia or whether Oceania is and has always been at war with Eastasia.Winston has vague recollections of his childhood; his current climate of existence presumably already instilled in him doubts about which parts of his childhood really happened and which ones he is merely misremembering. Yet there is a constant nagging curiosity that the world was not always this way. He seeks proof of a past that was superior to this one. He knows that this curiosity will only invite suspicion and place his own security and safety at risk but he has to know at all costs. He meets a woman named Julia whom he initially suspects of being an agent of the Thought Police stalking him. In reality, she is seeking him out for love and companionship, confirmation of genuine feeling for another human being. She too knows the risk she is running but the mutual awakening of this dangerous freedom of loving emboldens both of them.The perpetual uncertainty of his existence leads Winston to make the assumption that the man O'Brien, who has a seductively trustworthy manner, might be a subversive conspirator. Despite what we might wish, in the world Orwell has laid out for us and the obvious inevitable outcome to rebellion, there is no last-minute redemption for Winston or Julia. The greatest horror of this society is not its repression and brutality—O'Brien tells Winston that the Inquisition burned unrepentant heretics at the stake and the Soviets exterminated many rebels that uttered their last breaths cursing the regime—but its eradication of human feeling. Torture is not inflicted to elicit a confession, which they do not care about, but to break down individual consciousness and rebuild it in Oceania's image. Orwell has conceived a repressive state that is even more horrible to contemplate than the historical horrors of Nazis, Soviets and other brutal regimes throughout history, because this one regulates thought crime and recreates Reality by manipulating identity. This technique extends beyond brainwashing. It not only washes the brain but also rebuilds consciousness.This state is exceedingly clever. Big Brother has a human face on billboards although he is a mythical figure. They have even created a subversive criminal, Goldstein (anti-Semitism is always a useful tool), one who has even written a subversive BOOK, one to which O'Brien contributed. In this society, it is almost more bearable to be one of the 'proles'—the 85% that live below the poverty level, which is extremely low considering the standard of living for Winston and other members of the 'Outer Party', although they are mercifully below the radar of the telescreens and hidden microphones. Life in this society combines aspects of the Depression, with its poverty and filth and starvation, and World War II, with rocket bombs falling out of the sky and blasting entire city blocks.And so Winston is thoroughly broken in both body and mind, he and Julia both having betrayed each other sincerely to avoid further horrors.  If there is any glimmer of light in the conclusion it may reside in a pleasant memory of Winston's childhood, even though he labels it false. He also has his cozy, warm corner of The Chestnut Tree, the neighborhood pub, drinking his Victory gin. At least he still has his gin."
"Bought this book since everyone is talking about it again, yet it's amazing how many people have not read it! I bought it for the next person who used the reference without doing it, and it's already on its new home!"
this book is an eye opener to what we all should be looking out for. it is an easy read and i recommend to others.
"Very good book, many parallels with the events of present day. Although the middle is very slow, if you push through it, you will be glad you did."
"George Orwell's 1984 is more than just a classic dystopian tale of some future hell-state. This book is a warning to anyone who loves freedom, opposes state control, and desires to live as a human being rather than a hollowed-out machine. Orwell's Winston Smith is the poor soul, trapped within the labyrinthine nightmare insanity of BIG BROTHER, THE PARTY, THE THOUGHT POLICE, NEWSPEAK, and DOUBLETHINK. He is a rebel in a lost cause, up against a system so sinister in its pursuit of absolute domination that it cannot possibly be fathomed, let alone defeated. Still, Winston knows that he must resist, regardless of how futile the attempt. He believes that his inner mind is, at least, inviolate, even if his physical body can be tortured or killed. Winston stands as a dying symbol of human liberty / dignity against the cold, cruel monstrosity of the STATE. Orwell's genius is evident throughout, in making this all too real, all too plausible. The horror of government perfecting itself as the ultimate, omnipotent creation is staggering! This is especially true once Winston reads THE BOOK, and realizes concretely what he has always known instinctively. He's not insane, the rest of society is insane. Murderously so. Winston -as well as the reader- is shown the inner workings of INGSOC, the meaning of perpetual war, the diabolical wisdom of NEWSPEAK, and other terrors. He is given the keys to the kingdom of hell. Why? Alas, he will certainly find out why indeed. 1984 is the most terrifying book ever written. That said, it should forever be available, and read by every living soul..."
"1984 was my book club read for this month. It seems everyone else had read it before and it was interesting hearing their take on the book from when they were 16 and what they thought of it now. It has been on my to read list for a while, but I hadn't read it in school or anything. It was an interesting read, but the writing didn't engage me that much. I didn't feel for the characters like I should have. Not quite sure why.The story is about Winston and Julia and how they rebel against Big Brother. It was an interesting read in that it is still relevant to today. I kept thinking of North Korea during the book and how it seemed like what it is like there to an extent. I kept going back to see when it was written as it could have been written recently which was interesting.The issue? I couldn't connect with any of the characters. I didn't care what happened to Winston or Julia. The whole love affair with them was so strange to me. I didn't understand it and it was just over the top. The way it was written just didn't work for me. I  can't figure out exactly why, but I just didn't care about the characters. I still found it an interesting read. I just wish I would have connected more.This review was originally posted to Jen in Bookland"
"A perfectly crafted novel. It seems to me to be the model for all horror written after 1948, but with a political point. Dystopian perfection. I could have done without the extensive quoting of The Book, but otherwise perfect. This Kindle edition was completely adequate; no problems that I can remember."
"I did enjoy this book, but more so because of the impact it had on modern culture than for its own merit. It was a quick read during an airplane ride, but I won't be reading it again."
"Great book, great price! Well worth the money, which I must admit was very little. I am now reading Animal Farm."
Therefore I cannot submit any info. Actually the thought police already are trying to contact me.Maybe I have been dissolved and just don't know it.
This old classic is required reading in some colleges and should be required in all calleges.  Arrived in good shape too.
"Extremely disappointed.  Arrival was delayed, perhaps by weather conditions.  However, a different cover than depicted online, not the original.  No title page, copyright page, author info, etc. ~ only the story from page one through 326.  Since my original copy has been mislaid, there is no way for me to compare and be sure that even the content hasn't been altered.  To add insult to injury, I cannot even read the book as it is bound so tightly words on the inside edges of the pages are virtually unreadable.  I would return it, but not worth the cost and trouble.  I will not order from this company again."
"Rereading it after many years. It's amazing how he envisioned the rewriting of history. We are already changing words in our literature not to offend anybody. This reminds me, I will have to reread Fahrenheit 451. I'm sure our government will probably be in the book burning business soon."
"It was long, redundant and depressing.  And unlikely.  Orwell apparently had no faith in the human spirit.  Life will always out."
"Mr. Snowden's revelations about the NSA and CIA listening and monitoring e-mails, phone calls and whatever caused our book club to turn to Mr. Orwell's classic vision of thoughtcrime, newspeak, doublespeak, and all of that terrible stuff.  The story would have been better without the latter half where our protagonist is subjected to all kinds of electronic pain at the hands, better say electrodes, of the one O'Brien his erstwhile friend.  I thought Dustin Hoffman strapped into Laurence Olivier's dental chair while his torturer performed the equivalent of a root canal on him was the worst it could get,  but I will accept the Orwellian methods as worst ever.  Of course the whole thing is absurd.  As our reviewer opined,  ""The book never accomplished anything, it was zippo.""  But did Eisenhower's ""military-industrial complex""  accomplish anything?  I guess not, but it is repeated incessantly when the subject comes up, just as people know what Big Brother means.  Maybe its been good for our subconscious, who knows really?- - The discussion wended its way to J. Edgar Hoover and his enemy's files; Nixon and his list; Joe McCarthy's intimidations: Snowden's astounding leaks; and all the other hidden wars, clandestine CIA moves and that sort.  I give the book three stars perhaps because, having read it long ago, it seems like old stuff, especially the psychobabble at the end.  Nevertheless I recognize it as a classic and a book that should be read."
Great book.  I did not care for the ending.  It arrived in a timely manner and was in great condition.  I suggest it to most of my friends and collages who like to read.
Captures the mood of that generation. A mirror to the philosophical conflict that had gripped the world back then. Read this if you want to imagine what might have been the fate of our world if the course of time had turned a little different post the 2 world wars.
"The scary part about this book is not so much how it foresees our contemporary condition as far as technology, spying, propaganda, etc but the whole concept about the proles! When O'Brien assures Winston that ""the Proles will never revolt--I don't have to tell you the reason-you know the answer to that already""--it makes me think of our society of American Idle watching Starbucks Coffee drinking mass of drooling sheeple who are perfectly content to be brainwashed idiots!! The proles in ""1984"" never revolted---nor will our present day self-satisfied sheeple!!"
I find it amazing the author wrote this all BEFORE any of these things were even invented!  What foresight!  Not only to have imagined that cameras and videos with recording devices would be monitoring you but the whole concept of big brother which exists is astonishing.  In Vietnam they have booming loud speakers in the middle of the night that sends out propaganda messages and people simply disappear never to be seen again. You must also be very careful what you say. This is only one example of MANY! George Orwell was amazing to put this together in an era where technology like this existed only in the future.
"Interesting read, brilliant idea but somewhat repetitive.  The characters aren't developed as much as i'd like and the ending leaves one hanging but that's probably the point."
"I read this book the first time in 1984 & it was on of those books that stays in your head.  Back then it was  because of the technology Orwell created.  Telescreens, memory holes and Newspeak blew my mind.  Now it is the fact that I now know the evil that men have done, and will continue to do, all for the sake of power.  This book is not a novel as much as it is a life lesson for all us 94 percenters.  If you're OK with letting the government tell you what, when, how  much of anything you can have in your life then progressivism is the way to go.  As for me, I'll die happily with a gun in my hand defending my 84 oz big gulp."
I did not finish this book. It is very tender in the making and I'm enjoying it very diligently. And Scene.
"Here we are. The book which every other dystopia novel spans from. The king of the forbidden future. The first and foremost fallen future. 1984 by George Orwell.I almost feel like the “Miss America” theme song should be playing. Or the overzealous Hunger Games announcer should be bubbling about the beauty of the book. Either way, 1984 is kind of a big deal.So why did I need an extra shove to begin the book? Why did it take me so long to muster the courage to write its review?Well, I have a secret. I didn’t like it.It was only a matter of time before I read this famous book and became acquainted with the infamous Big Brother. I continually told myself I’d read it eventually, so when 1984 made itself a spot on my book club list, I knew it was time to stop procrastinating.I read and read and read. It took me about two weeks to finish the book; I was fooled by the thin spine. Upon opening the books, I realized you practically need a magnifying glass to read the words and the margins were nonexistent.  Even so, I powered through.The real problem I had were the characters. I’m big on characters I can connect with. In 1984, I didn’t care about them at all. During their torture and their happiness, I felt nothing towards Winston and Julia. Not one thing. Since I wasn’t fond of the people, I didn’t care about their story.Also, I didn’t think the world was all that original. I know, I know, put it in perspective. Back in Orwell’s day, this plot concept was unread of. And all those other dystopian novels I’ve read are really just based off of 1984. Since this is the case, I don’t see why we still hold the book to such high regard. I’m sure it has tons of literary value, but just because it was the first doesn’t mean it’s the best.If you don’t know what 1984 is about: Winston is an average guy with an ordinary office job. He lives in the year 1984, or so he thinks. The world has changed since 1949 when Orwell wrote the book. And not for the better. 1984 holds no freedom of any kind for the people. Big Brother, the government, keeps a keen eye on all; they even patrol your thoughts. No one is safe, and all rebellion is blown to smithereens for fear of torture, or worse. What the heck was Orwell thinking when he wrote this book!? The entire globe has dismissed the old way of thinking and has embraced total ignorance and essentially slavery. How did he think in 35 years the world would end up like that? During book club, someone brought up the point that technology was accelerating at an alarming pace due to the Cold Ware and WWII, so Orwell may have assumed the innovations would keep coming. Then again, he could have just exaggerated to prove a point, but it seems ridiculous to me.Sure, the symbolism, the figurative language, blah, blah, blah… makes this a great book and a must read. I do admit it to be a book I think everyone should read in order to become culturally aware and to prevent this terrible future. But in my uneducated opinion, it’s boring."
This books gives a glimpse of what are the repercussions of certain type of thinking with regards to the role of government in our lives. What's scary is that there are lot of things here that have an uncanny resemblance to what a lot of modern societies are living nowadays...
"1984 is a great read to open up your eyes to the great lengths that men in power will go to get & keep the average person under their thumb.  Very telling, great warning & insight."
Book was slightly bent and crumpled at the side. Other than that the book was in good condition and I can't wait to read it.
"For a novel that was written in 40s, George imagined the future very well and weaved his imagination around the oppression convincingly!"
interesting story but a little boring and too much reading in the book of the brotherhood. I would have liked a happier ending.
"If you're seeking inconvenient truths and have a desire to plunge down the rabbit hole, read this book.  Truly amazing."
"Given the current level of governmental intrusion into the public and private lives of its citizens, George Orwell's  1984, is a thought provoking read - The book  has been  considered to be a masterpiece by many and I count myself among them -"
Always relevant classic that inspires and terrifies at the same time.  Would recommend it to anyone and especially to political science students.
This had great shipping. It's a very nice book and it's very clean. Thank you so much for this book!
This is a must read title for the lovers of creepy books.If you don't read this you missed out on something amazing
One of the most important works of science fiction ever written. This should be required reading for everyone. I buy extra copies to give away.
"George Orwell's ""1984"" was definitely a book that had a profound impact on me for various reasons. Orwell beautifully creates a world where the mere thought of rebellion is forbidden through powerful but simple psychological methods like Big Brother. It then leaves those in power to do whatever it is they want, effectively conveying a world of pure submission. Multiple times when I was reading I wondered if submission was really preferable to extinction. Morally, some people would rather die than submit to some higher power. However, through the conception of ""1984"", it dramatically brings a world founded on submission.  The people fear individuality, they fear that the government controls every emotion, thought and action. The protagonist Winston believes that they are not omnipotent and desperately tries to find something they cannot control. This leads him on a downward spiral to the dangers of freedom and self-thinking. I loved this book despite how depressed it made me but it seems the best books are those that touch us at a personal level that we are not even comfortable with. Also, this book is heavily detailed and has great and memorable writing. It effectively transfers the tone of the book easily to the reader. Readers will grow to sympathize with Winston's struggles and will want to shout ""down with Big Brother"" with as much malice and pride as possible. This book is definitely a must, especially if you read Orwell's other books, like ""Animal Farm"". It is very fascinating and quickly becomes a book you cannot put down until you read it to the very end."
"This was a timely re-read, and matched perfectly to the Orwellian world of progressive America.  It's both funny and heart breaking to read what was suppose to be a far out satire, framed by its fruition in Mr. Obama's America.  If you read it before or this is the first time, you will be chilled to the bone as you read exactly what is happening now!  Fiction is truth."
"We are now living 1984!!I read this book when it first became available.  I kept thinking that this could never happen in the USA!  Now I realize that the worst HAS happened.  It's terrifying!!  The government knows everything about us!!  So does other entities thru our credit cards, etc.  Nothing is sacred anymore!!  Start praying!!"
This book requires you to constantly remind yourself of when it was written and the condition of the world at that time.  The lack of details or memories  is overpowered by the deepness of thought required to try to understand the thoughts of the future.  I would only recommend it to someone who is a deep thinker of men and their ways.
"This book was recommended to me by a friend, and I'm glad he did.  It is a very dark story, but it definitely gives you some things to think about.  The ""Big Brother"" concept is something that most people don't think can happen.  Reading a book like this, even though it's fiction, gives rise to the idea that it actually could happen. Today, with the liberal thinking of some, we are all in danger of this futuristic idea that left unchecked could become a reality. Security systems that people are putting into their homes right now, are very much like the ones installed in the homes of the future in this book, where everything you do is watched by Big Brother.  There is a lot of truth in fiction. I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in futuristic stories about a government out of control."
"Interesting book, i learned about totalitarianism and English at the same time, i would rate this book as a serious dramatic history fiction....if thats even possible. Was the writer British?"
"Orwell creates an entirely different world, makes you see it from the view of a sane person and then shows you just how different it can be in the eyes of an insane one. Or vise versa, depending on your view. Brilliant."
This book was in very good condition.I have just started to read but it seems to keep my attention.Would buy again from this seller.
"Read this, and also read ""Brave New World"", by Aldous Huxley... Compare the two... then either blame the government, or blame yourself for the ""state"" you are in..."
"Man, what am I supposed to add to the thousands of reviews about this book that already populate the internet? I started and stopped this book twice over the last three years before I powered through this time. Even after finishing, I really can’t blame my past-self for getting fifty pages in and then saying I’d rather be reading something else.1984 sorta lumps in with other, similar books that are more essay than novel, such as Starship Troopers and Anthem, though 1984 is the most essay-oriented of them all. I mean, the main character man actually reads from a manifesto for 30 pages! 30 pages of paragraph on paragraph that each cover multiple pages. Blech. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not knocking anyone’s premises. In fact, I agree with just about all of the ideas presented, but, dudes, come on, can we not create a real and engaging plot to go along with all of y’all’s theories about life? Especially when your ideas are so good! As I was reading along in 1984, I alternated between thinking to myself, “Yeah, right on! Stick it in your eye, Big Brother!” and falling asleep.This is not to say that George Orwell can’t write an engaging plot; the last third of the book, the torture scenes are very engaging, and brutal, even by today’s standards. I can’t imagine what people reading this book in the 50’s thought.Having said all that, just like everyone else says, the book is a long laundry list of all the scary crap perpetrated by today’s government, media, social institutions, etc. Yeah, I’m not a black-helicopter kind of guy, but this book makes me glad to live removed from most of the rest of society. Y’all can keep your claws from my home and my brain, thank you very much.Side Note: The Appendix really shows how much thought Orwell put into his language of Newspeak. The grammar and structure is really interesting, but the philosophy behind the purpose of Newspeak is shocking when one considers the political correctness pushed into our lives.Side Note #2: Hey, Signet, get a new essay for your Afterward! Erich Fromm’s essay on the dangers of nuclear war might have seemed apropos in 1961 when it was written, but it seems like small potatoes compared to what’s been going on in the last ten years. Time to step it up into the 21st century!"
While the story refers to specific period the author chose it can very well refer to current time and country stillled by tyrants.
"It is an interesting book, especially considering the view of the future from 1949, just after WWII. There are so many aspects of the new society which can be seen in the World today and possibly always will be. The need for those in power to inflict pain and suffering sounds like North Korea. The fact that those who control the present control the past and, if you control the past, you control the future seems to be the motto of the current Australian government.Possibly it needs to be read more than once to get all the concepts presented.Very intelligent book."
"...so she asked me to read it, too. She said her classmates were not enjoying it. I didn't enjoy it."
"This really is quite a volume to get through.Can be tedious and wordy. However, these elements are necessary in order to fully explain the social and societal systems etc.This is a book that will challenge ones thoughts on society and politics and hopes for the future.I would recommend reading this book again at different stages in your life.Teens, 20s, 30s, 40, etc, will all gleen something different from this masterpiece.Orwell is an incredible mind and puts it on display full in this volume.I have just finished it and have closed the cover until another 20 years has passed.I highly recommend reading this work and broadening your mind."
"This book is the classic totalitarian distopian novel. It is very influential, but some parts are very difficult to get through due to lengthy political texts. I believe it is definitely worth the read for anyone in this day and age."
First time reading this book. Very profound and relevant for today. I highly recommend this book if you haven't read it yet.
"I really forgot about this book until recently so I ordered a slightly used hardcopy from Amazon.  I get that George Orwell was around during the time of some of the worst dictators in the world including Stalin, and that he had quite a bit of material for the premise of his story, which is a centrally controlled state. However, some of what he envisioned- electronic snooping and such is really relevant today and extremely scary. Add to that the book being well edited and fast moving and you have a great read for a rainy weekend."
"I loved this book!  I never read it in school. It's so disturbing, it's great.  Makes me happy of the society I live in."
I feel like I waited way to long to purchase and read this book. The parallels between the events in this book and the way things are headed now in reality are frighteningly similar. You have to take into account when this book was written and how the author had no way of knowing about a lot of the technology we currently have. This is one of those books that you will spend a lot of time thinking about after you have read it. I know that I did. Highly recommend this book.
"Set in a futuristic dystopian authoritative society that somehow seems eerily familiar, the book is divided into three parts each containing various chapters. The first part sets up the world in which Winston is confined and how he regards it. The second part allows Winston hope as he finds a companion with whom to endure the unbearable reality in which he is confined. After completing the second part of this book you will know undoubtedly that you will undeniably finish this book, and will lose any doubt concerning whether this tale will be one of the greatest you may read. In the third and final part Winston pays the ultimate price for dissent and has that which is impregnable taken from him, not his life but his essence. In conclusion this is one of the best books ever written, if not the greatest."
"These days the popular dystopias are written for teenagers. With the exception of Cormac McCarthy's The Road, the dystopias getting the most attention (and movie deals) are the likes of The Hunger Games and Divergent. These teen stories tend to focus much more on romance issues than they do on the larger social issues. Not that romance is irrelevant in a dystopia, but what should make it compelling is how such a romance is affected, or made dangerous by, the oppressive society the people live in. The Hunger Games only takes a shallow look at this, with poor Katniss moping over whether she should show more affection to Gale or Peeta. Despite being over 60 years old, George Orwell's 1984 manages to top the teen dystopias both in terms of social criticism and romance. It offers plenty of lessons not only for modern authors jumping into the genre, but also to modern society, as technology has advanced to the point of potentially making Orwell's warnings come true.While 1984 is certainly more for adults than The Hunger Games, it is, nonetheless, still widely taught in high schools. Part of me wonders whether its inclusion in the curriculum is due to a continuing influence of anti-communist thought from the Cold War era. It has some important ideas to consider, to be sure, and is very imaginative and frightening, but at the same time it's not particularly great writing. Orwell spends large chunks of time wading through dull ideology, much of it anti-communist, particularly as we read the sections from the book of Emanuel Goldstein, the leader of the rebellion against Big Brother. If Orwell had reduced or removed a lot of these passages, the book would be vastly improved. I'm also concerned by the way the book is taught in schools. It seems less importance is placed on the ideas in the book and more on minute details. When a test question asks how old Winston and Julia are, our literature education is sadly missing the mark.1984 truly stands out in its feeling of hopelessness. In this world created by atomic destruction, power was taken by those who most wanted to hold onto it, at any cost. There's a sense that this lone man, Winston, can do nothing against such a power as Big Brother and the Thought Police. The reader has hope, to be sure, that he can. There's a belief that he can. Our culture perceives that the hero always wins. In movies, in books, in video games, the good guy wins the day, no matter how grim the situation. That's why 1984 is so terrifying. The best hero it can come up with is a man with varicose ulcers in his vein. As it begins to hurtle towards its conclusion the terror grows greater. While I do have some misgivings about the book, I can't help but admire the way Orwell mercilessly crushes our hopes. If society does go the way of 1984 (a big ""if,"" admittedly), there's no guarantee somebody will be able rise up and do the right thing. That's what's frightening. The heroism of the individual is merely a myth."
"What the other reviewers wrote about 1984 is true. I don't want waste your time repeating what everyone has said. So I'll just say its a good book, sad but also interesting and well told. It's kind of creepy to think what can happen to a society that hits extreme.  Everyone should read this book and Animal Farm once in their early adult life."
Eerily similar to what is believed to be happening in the country north of where I am.  Fascinating story line.
"If you are in the mood for a dark, depressing tale that has very few bright moments, this is the book for you.  A wonderful tale of politics and control, whose themes resonate today like they did when it was written.  This book, while hard work, and really depressing, is a must read."
I loved this book so much. It isn't very long but the story is very powerful and has eerie similarities to what America is slowly (or not so slowly) heading towards.All I can say is if you haven't read it before do not look at the back of the book because the back cover ruins the plot!
"I read this book when it was first published and it scared the heck out of me. I reread it recently because I could recognize that what is happening in today's world was predicted in this book.!  ""1984"" is aive and ongoing today!!"
"A book like this allows us to look at ourselves more closely.  While we may think the tortures are reductions to the absurd, are they any different than the pressures we feel each day.  This book possibly provides a foreshadowing of the events we live in each day with the integration of social media and it's continual monitoring of our lives.  Do we come to love the illusion?"
I remembering reading this book years ago but I didn't understand it because I thought it was so far fetched and out there that it couldn't or wouldn't happen in my lifetime but I was wrong with these progressive liberals pushing their agenda and propaganda. Trying to brain wash kids with their garbage socialist view points is beyond ridiculous
"I picked up this book knowing a little bit about it already, although I had not (and still haven't) seen the film. But I really enjoyed the read! The language is really good, and it's funny to notice the small hints that sometimes show what time-period it was written in.I would recommend 1984 to others :)"
Very current days book.
"Great read, don't conform to society. Threw a loop, and the ending is quite confusing until you pick up the context clues."
"Pretty much everyone has read this book, but it has been used for purposes which Orwell did not intend. Orwell wrote about it: ""My recent novel is NOT intended as an attack on Socialism....""For understanding it, I would like to suggest reviews of it by two Marxists. One can be found in Revolution and the 20th Century Novel, and the other in Heretics and Renegades.And one should also read Orwell earlier work The Road to Wigan Pier,Down and Out in Paris and London, and most importantly Homage to Catalonia."
"If you haven't read Orwells 1984, do you self a favor and read it.  this is a very timely piece of literature.  The message of this book was long lost but it now is even more so important to read this!  the message is clear!"
This was worth re-reading and certainly provided food for thought in modern society. The telescreens and surveillance are quite eerie.
"no reason to read this ""classic"", unless you are into misery and pain.small print gives one the notion that you will never finish the book"
a classic novel that predicted some of what occurs in our world today. the writer makes you feel like you are living the main character's live with him. a great book for us rebellious souls.
I read this book for the first time decades ago.I reread is required in this day and age of video cameras everywhere!I gave this book to my three kids for Christmas and they all read it and were amazedat the similarities today.
Fantastic. Suddenly fantastic. What a great book. Much wow. Such words. Fast knowledge. Great book. More story. Magnificent. So compelling
"A book worthwhile to read in your spare time. The story can be so engaging that you may want to read it all at once.You can rise many questions about its content. The most intriguing ones could be ""Is the story about past or present times?"", ""Aren't we (nowadays) living similar episodes?"", ..."
"I saw the movie version of this book when I was 10 years old.  It scared the bejeezus outta me and set me up for a life time of paranoia.  That being said, I believe my paranoia is justified although I still can't tell if someone is watching me through my computer screen.I'm not really here to write about the book, but I would encourage everyone to read it.  I would just like to know why Amazon chose to list it under Humor, unless we are talking about the kind of humor one finds when they realize they are about to watch the end of civilization as we know it."
"A classic distopia, in all it senses. Instigating and prone to make one reavaluate the role of social rigths and liberties."
"This book has been written and sold as Science Fiction. Unfortunately truth seems to be stranger than fiction. What's left is nothing more than a coldblooded, factual report of what's going on today."
This costs as much as the full version and it is abridged.  This is not made clear in the product description
"I may get a lot of flack for this, but I really did not like this book. It definitely had an interesting premise, but I just never really connected with this. I tried reading it in eBook format, in paperback format, and even listening to the audio. In the end I ended up just skimming through it to get the general gist of what happened.I never really felt like I got to know the characters. In some ways I did, but mainly I didn't. They were somewhat extreme, but not exactly likable. I'm not sure why, but I just didn't care about them. As far as the plot goes, it was strange and never really made sense. I know it's a social commentary, but I felt like there was too much going on to really understand all the nuances about it.While I love some classics, this did not fall into the category. I'm sure many people love it and even though I didn't like it I would still recommend it. Different people may get different things out of it and it is definitely a good book to discuss."
"I SIGN OF THE TIMES NOW.GREAT PERCEPTTION OF. POLITICAL CONSEQUENCES. SHOULD WAKE UP America. PAY ATTENTION TO POLITICS ,and  GOV."
"A literary genius,writes about what is happening now.I read this in high school(1974)as a requirement.Although I wrote a paper on it I had not realized this has in a sense already began with our government,moving ever so slowly towards socialism."
"Fiction has never seemed so real. If we don,t know history we will keep making the same mistakes over and over."
"the characters.. the themes.. all of it, brilliant.his struggle is real and this story stands to teach us something important."
Great book. Has a lot of parralels to today's world. Scary!!!  Read it. You will not be disappointed. George Orwell was a genius.
"I'd been wanting to read this for a while now, glad I did.Now I keep wanting to shout, it's a warning, not a Damn blueprint."
"I re-read the book after stumbling across the surprisingly excellent 'The age of Aquarius' by A W Findlay and wanting to read something with similar themes I remembered this one.While both books have a great sense of atmosphere and place - a vaguely recognizable world, displaced into a dystopia by the extrapolation of a particular events leading to a grim world where you don't know if there will be a happy ending or not, it's still obvious that there's a lesson or two to be learnt from any of them...Either way it led me to the last page (i wont spoil it on either) pretty quickly..."
"Thoroughly enjoyable, lives up to its name of being a prophetic novel. Reminds me of the world we live in"
"Great book! One of my favorite books of all time. This is a must read, you wont regret it ."
"I’d like to think of myself as a well read person, as in I read a lot.  But can I really be well read if I’ve hardly read any “classic” literature outside of Lord of the Rings?  I decided this year that I would pepper various books that could be considered classic literature into my reading plan. I want to read a lot of the books that every reader is presumed to have read, so when people ask me “did you read such and such?"", I can say “why yes, I did read such and such.”  If for no other reason, than to at least say that I’ve done it.  I’ve started this new found reading goal with (you guessed it) George Orwell’s 1984.I just finished the book and have had a few days to collect my thoughts about it and formulate an educated opinion.  My opinion?  It’s kind of depressing...  But that’s fine!  I like depressing (to an extent.  This isn’t The Road or anything.)  After all, this isn’t real life is it?  Right?  I mean, what happened to Winston isn’t really happening to us now is it?  That question is not only  what makes this book slightly depressing, but also a bit eye-opening as well.  But enough of that kind of talk!  Let’s get on to the book review.Meet Winston, average every-man.  Forty-something, divorced, tedious job, lives in a run down apartment.  Except he’s not really average.  Not in the society he lives in.  A society in which everything you do is watched, every action and even thought, scrutinized.  “Big Brother”, the only real thing that Wilson’s world has to an authoritarian/presidential type figure, is not really a person at all.  Rather a presence personified in the form of a mustachioed man whose eyes follow Winston from posters, billboards and telescreens nearly everywhere in this dystopian version of London. Winston doesn’t like that Big Brother is always watching him.  Winston knows he’s a square peg trying to fit in a round hole.  Somehow he’s always known.  He’s not comfortable with the way people seem to ignore what’s going on around them.  He wants to live in a society where people are free to think and do what they want and people don’t just disappear when they don’t fit in.  Well, we’d love for Winston to break free of this oppressive society but the more we read on, the more we realize how bleak that outlook becomes.Orwell wastes no time at the beginning of the book (actually throughout the entirety of it) making sure we know how his world works.  There isn’t really much in the way of subtlety here.  Through Winston’s eyes, we see children who turn their parents in for acting strangely.  We see people rallying to telescreens daily for the “Two Minute Hate” in which people are forced to watch propaganda depicting Big Brother as the destroyer of all enemies.  Nobody has privacy.  Even in their own homes, people have screens that can see them.  In fact, Winston has to hide in one little corner, a blind-spot of his telescreens, where he can write in his diary, something else people aren’t really allowed to do anymore, lest they write material that demotes the beloved Big Brother.  Not that it matters what people write down, because the Thought Police will snag you simply based on treasonous thoughts you may have had, even in your sleep!  Yup, this world is pretty bleak.  It’s definitely not a future I’d want to live in.  But, isn’t that the point of this book?There are definitely comparisons that can be drawn to our present time, like the editing of facts and knowledge before it is released to the public.  In 1984, this is done to the complete extreme, where ALL data that is printed, televised or otherwise is filed through a department called The Ministry of Truth, whose job it is to sculpt every fact to the Party’s liking, pertaining to the present and even the past.  Did the Party invent the airplane?  No, but that doesn’t matter because they say they did.  Nobody will argue with them because these facts will be slowly taken away and changed until everyone forgets that there was once anything different.  It is not that extreme in the present (at least in the United States, I can’t speak for all other countries) but we do have a government that can control what we watch on TV, what we see in movies and are working at controlling what we are allowed to see on the internet.  And how about our privacy?  There is definitely something creepy about the way that Orwell predicted this future before such things like cell phones and even computers were even invented.  And I realize that it wasn't Orwell alone and that other great minds of the time had envisioned the way society could head.  But specifically to predict the way surveillance is everywhere and our every communication could potentially be always monitored seems borderline prophetic.  Of course George couldn’t have known that I’d be reading his book at a time when the NSA has admitted to reading millions of text messages every day, but that still doesn’t prevent the chills up my spine.  Is there any text, phone call, email, search engine entry or chat message we can send that we can assure will only be read by the intended recipient?Okay, I realize I’m getting a little heavy handed here and possibly off topic.  Back to the book itself.  As I said, Orwell’s writing may not be the most subtle.  He throws some far-fetched ideas out there.  I can’t believe that any government could ever truly go to the extremes that the Party does in 1984.  But his writing is incredibly readable and for a “classic” it is instantly accessible.  The setting here isn't just bleak because of what is happening, but because of how Winston is affected by it and how those emotions are described.  We’re always in his head, so in a sense, we are oppressed by the same government.  The only time in the book where I admit to being tempted to skim was when Winston gets a hold of some contraband literature that gives him in depth detail on the Party’s true history.  Well not only does Winston read it, but YOU get to as well.  An entire chapter of it (and a little bit of another chapter too.)  This was interesting reading and provided a lot of insight into the world, but it was like reading a text book.  I’ve never been too fond of information dumps in books and this seemed like a cheap way of unloading ideas and info about the world of 1984.So, 1984 can be a little unbelievable in spots, and a little dense in others, but it’s still a very good book.  I don’t regret reading it and the underlying message it sense will stick with me always.  I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to see a security camera on the wall without having the words “Big Brother” appear somewhere in my mind.  This will be one of those books I’ll want to acquire a second copy of, so I can always have one on my shelf and another to pass around from hand to hand.  Quick, read it before the government finds out it’s too close to the truth!!  *hides copy under the floorboards*"
"George Orwell should be tried for what he provided ..... A 101 to dictatorship , sheer brilliance and outstanding vision of today's totalitarian regimes"
"I began re-reading this about a year ago, not having read it since High School.  Orwell's description of ""newspeak"" or the intentional debasing  of language made me think of the recent coinage ""impactful.""  How perfect that we no longer need ""effective"" or even ""effect"" or ""affect.""  (Those two words are so hard to get right anyway.)  Now we have ""impact"" and ""impactful.""  All of our difficulties are solved!"
"i like this book a lot, i read it while i'm at the pool with my puppy and my son"
"If you've never read this book then you owe it to yourself to read it. A lot of ideas we say or have about government come from this book.It is fiction, but it is frighteningly accurate in predicting events that can or have happened.I shouldn't even say things like this here because we all know...BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING ME..."
Top 10 list of books to read - So true no matter what generation you are or will be.  Enjoy
"Published in 1949 as a screed against Fascism, this book seemed to foreshadow a world that Communism won when I read it in 1959. Re-reading it now for my book club, it is as haunting but the perceived enemy, the creator of Oceania and its dysfunctional society, has changed. Now I read it with dread of the military-industrial complex, a world where production is forever increased, necessitating continual warfare and a split between the haves and have-nots that reads like a potential headline from 2024. The spying technology is surprisingly familiar. The oath Winston Smith and Julia swear when joining “the Brotherhood” could be an oath given to a suicide bomber or Al-Qaida recruit. The techniques in the Tower of Love might well have been used at Abu Graib, in Guantanamo or any prison in the world. Power is God, we learn. Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely."
I bought this for my daughter to read for a class and she loved! A classic that everyone should read!
"A cautionary tale to be taken to heart but it was a dreadful book.  The story doesn’t go anywhere, the characters aren’t likable and at points it just drags on.  I get it question everything, but wasn’t there an interesting way that the author could convey it?  At one point Winston is reading a book about the current socio-economic which added nothing to the story.  If you’re looking for an indictment of war, communism or the man this is your book.  If you want something interesting just pass on this one."
"1984 is a strong depiction of fears for the future and for government interference in the lives of common people. As technology grows more invasive, this commentary grows more true, but it has yet to be realized to the level that the book shows. Overall, a great, well-written novel that I'd recommend to any student."
Interesting and like I said in the title Decent but short I Wish it had had at least 50 more pages.
Great book to read! I really enjoy Orwell's books and social commentary and life. Id recommend this to everyone. 5 stars
It was slow and hard to keep with it.  It did seem to pick up a bit but decided not to finish it.
"This is a very excellent book series! I highly recommend this book!Categories:Politics, Government, Science Fiction, Totalitarianism, Big Brother, Authoritarian"
I ordered according to the ISBN no. to give it to the county library in exchange for the book my son damaged. They were asking for the exact same book. I was lucky that they accepted the red edition instead.
"Fantastic read! A literary classic that will give you a look into what our world could become. It has a myriad of memorable quotes, and is written in a very personal way that gives you an in depth experience within the protaginists mind. Although it is not for the faint-hearted due to its brutally realistic portrayl of events, this really illustrates the urgency and consequences of Orwell's purpose. To conclude, I highly recomend 1984 as a must read. Enjoy!"
"Excellent writtig, it is extraordinary how Orwell had such a good insight in what could happen in the near future. We may not be living in a 1984 world but the resemblance of some aspects are just too alike. This is a must-read."
"it was interesting, but not my cup of tea. Seems to me like there was more he could have done to frustrate the party."
You could start this book 2/3 of the way through and get the entire book. Let me summarize the entire book in two sentences:An oppressed by a 'Control every thought and action Government' man with a rebellious mind is happy and making the best of what little freedoms he can smuggle. Man meets a similarly rebellious girl but is caught and gets crushed/molded by the Government into whole-heatedly drink the Government Kool-aid.Maybe I did not like this book because the concept is old and tired (Even living in the no privacy age now.). What ever the case the book either did not hold its value over time or was never written to par with its grand plot. I can not recommend anyone to actually read the book. A simple spark-notes read is more than adequate to grasp this 'classic'.
I watched the movie back in the 70's and it scared me to death. I didn't read the book till 2012 and wish I hadn't waited so long. It seems like what is happening now with all the spying on U.S. citizens and I've seen it happening since the 70's with camera's slowly being installed everywhere and all of us being watched through our credit and purchases. The overall theme of the book that we are being lied to will hit home with most people. Very creepy and a work that was way ahead of it's time.
Is a great book. It starts off slow then it picks up. I was surprise with The ending really didn't see it coming. If you a person who likes to see things different this book is for you. While reading this book I made a coupleOf connection to modern society now. So don't be scared to read it.
classic
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
This book is a classic and a map to our times.It is a book everyone should own.  I lost my copy and wanted another
"I really have nothing more to say that the some 4,000 other reviewers haven't already said better.  In my experience, however, there are few books so ahead of their time and so ""real"" than this one.  I hope it remains a part of the Western canon until the end of time."
Surreal brilliant portrayal of hypothetical societies that turned out true
"This book took a long time for me to read, but I just kept going back.  It gives a person a lot think about!"
A great story set in what could be one of the few communist countries around the globe nowadays. I hope we never get that bad.
Still a favorite
Great read
Word. Terrific book. Big Brother processed this on his microteracomputer years ago.
"not done with the book, but it's good so far"
Exactly what I needed- Description and all!
Good book really enjoyed it
Read it now.
Glad to have re-read it after many many years. The government monitoring is coming true in many ways in our electronic world! Very interesting.
"Finally got to get back and read this again, many years after high school. I have a much different perspective on life now, but the themes still can chill me to the bone."
"I initially read this book in high school and hated it so much that it put me off Orwell. In college, I had to read some of his essays, and it was then I discovered what a terrific writer he was. I've been meaning to revisit this book for several years, but just now got around to it. Wow! Being an adult and having a better understanding of politics, the world, etc. has made all the difference in how I enjoy this book. I completely get Orwell's dystopian world now. I understand the disenchantment and fear of the political machine. I've seen how easily a society can slip into mindless agreement with the voice of Big Brother. This cautionary tale rings true to some of our recent past, and I'm glad I've reread it as an adult. If you've never read it, or read it when you were younger and hated it, I urge you to go back and try it again. It's a fine work and I think it'll resonate with you."
"I've been hearing about this book for a long time. And as I read it, there was a sort of ominous feel to the story. But as people asked what I was reading I quickly learned that people read into the store and get back they want to hear. So the story is genius as it appeals to everyone. But not exactly foretelling I don't think in our future.There were a few good predictions, but all based on technology available at the time."
"great book in every way.well written by a author ahead of his time.if we are not careful,also a vision of what our society may become."
"Simply put, this is a story about the battle we wage not only with society, but also with ourselves. It is not happy, or hopeful, but it is an interesting take on human nature. I don't agree with it all, but it does make me wonder."
even thouhg the history is weird in terms of similar experiences the author made an incredible job relating it in a way that readers can believe it
i have read this book before but my daughter needed to read it for her english class.it is a classic
"Are you enjoying hearing about NSA on your nightly newscast? Are you tired of the constant state of war that the USA seems to be in since 2001? Go back and read what you read in High School. Ironic that Orwell was writing about the Communists and Socialists and Totalitarian states,and it's the USA that is leading the way. (Though I think Russia and Putin are doing this, just isn't in the news.)"
"Classic book that describes a world that will exist in the future.  A very depressing world, much of which has already come to exist"
"I remember when this book used to be required reading. It should be still. Especially in these times, it's good to be reminded of where this kind of government eventually ends up as. Want to be taken care of the by those in charge? Be prepared to give up every original thought and every freedom you think you have."
I had heard about this series and was hoping for more. I was not really impressed. Could have been better.
"Such a classic, and what an intense read!  I loved how thoughtful and precise the writing is.  Super easy read, with a huge amount of thought provoking ideas and concepts.  I highly recommend it."
Seems like it to me. We are now living under a Corporate Charter type of government more than a constitutional type.
"The details that George Orwell lays out in 1984 are alarming because most of what he was worried about back then is a reality now in 2013.  NSA spying on U.S. citizens, constant threat of ""war"" or ""terrorist attack,"" warrant-less searches and seizures, and ""politically correct"" speech (which prevents us the freedom of speech); all of these have come true and are being carried out on a daily basis.  Do yourself a favor, read this book and ask yourself, ""How is the U.S. different than the Socialist country of Oceania, the fictitious country that is in the center of Orwell's 1984?""  You will find it very difficult to NOT see the similarities."
"I was familiar with this book from many years ago.  In view of what is happening in this country I wanted to again read the book.  All I can say is that Orwell was off target by a few decades.  The book should have been titled ""2014""."
"If you don't read this, you're dumb. Seriously, how can you pass up something like this? Don't be an idiot."
"Some throw around the words ""Orwellian"" and ""big brother"" to describe any invasion of privacy, an oversimplification reminiscent of the way some people use ""Kafkaesque"" to mean ""weird"". For instance, last year there was negative press about an LG TV that targets advertising on its landing screen based on information the device sends to LG about users' viewing and internet browsing habits as well as other information which can include names of files on any connected devices - and a blogger demonstrated that the option to switch off ""collection of watching info"" does not work. You can't help but be reminded of the telescreens in Oceania which both display propaganda and monitor the viewer, but while the technology is similar and the LG TV is an invasion of privacy, LG wants to show you annoying ads based on unethically gathered hints about the things you like, but big brother wants to catch you disliking big brother so you can be arrested and tortured.But torture, like telescreens, is only a tool that ""Ingsoc"", the English Socialist Party, uses to achieve its real aim, which is to control your thoughts. If your brain came with a remote there would be no need for torture, and if your thoughts could be read, there would be nothing for the telescreens to transmit. Since thoughts can't be read, Ingsoc has to rely on visible cues like ""facecrime"" in which a person's facial expression suggests ""thoughtcrime"". This is more like North Korea than LG's overly smart TVs - in North Korea those who showed signs of not sufficiently mourning Kim Jong Il, even patients who remained in hospitals after hearing the news of his death, were singled out for punishment by the party.One can threaten punishment and command the appearance of an emotion like loyalty - but is it possible to bully someone into feeling loyal?  ""They can make you say anything - anything - but they can't make you believe it,"" says Juila. If so, why force someone to pretend to feel love for big brother?  Consider the effort and difficulty, perhaps impossibility, of controlling a person. Why would anyone want to try? As Winston writes in his diary, ""I understand HOW; I do not understand WHY"".If you've ever been in an abusive relationship it's easy to relate to Winston's perplexity: the  party's techniques of control resemble those of a toxic partner, and violence is only one of the tricks up its sleeve. The continual rewriting of history - sometimes for an obvious gain but sometimes because ""purges and vaporisations were a necessary part of the mechanics of government"" - is a large scale version of a form of mental abuse called ""gaslighting"", and it has Winston questioning his sanity and continually in search of proof that he is not insane. In the ""ministry of love"" sometimes a telescreen will shout at a prisoner for some trivial action, while a similar action goes unpunished; often your questioners will torture you but sometimes they are nice, and since they have been watching you for a long time, they seem to understand you. You almost believe that the right behaviour could avoid the ministry's cruelty.And although Winston says he doesn't understand why, he has more in common with his enemy than he admits. He takes some satisfaction in the power trips in the small role he plays in helping the party to rewrite history, and muses as he invents a war hero for  a falsified article, ""It struck him as curious that you could create dead men but not living ones"". The party shares small samples of its power with its members the same way it rations out an inferior version of chocolate (and cuts the rations then rewrites history to say they've increased).Winston wants to believe in ""the brotherhood"" that opposes big brother, yet its name is similar. He is driven by hatred of the party to say he would be prepared to throw acid in a child's face in the name of opposing the party, but the party thrives on hatred of the evil character Goldstein who may not exist, and of Eurasia or Eastasia, who may or may not be at war with Oceania. And as many a self-help guru has said, love and hate are not the opposites they appear.For me the psychology of control that Orwell explores is more interesting than the science fiction, since as companies like LG have shown, the technology he describes has been possible for some time. I like to think the mind control techniques used are less plausible than the technology, especially the idea that it's possible to create a language in which only ""orthodox"" ideas can be expressed. Orwell can't seem to do so without cheating - newspeak has the word ""free"" for example, but it has somehow been stripped of all political meaning. I think the ""proles"" are a more plausible controllable class of citizen than the party members - they are too apolitical and self-involved to organise a revolt, and the governent can get away with its ridiculous practices as long as the proles get their ""prolefeed"" - porn (""to be bought furtively by proletarian youths who were under the impression that they were buying something illegal""), alcohol, tabloids and gambling. Early in the novel a prole woman expresses displeasure with the violent propaganda shown by the party - ""they didn't oughta 'ave shown it, not in front of the kids"" - but this gets the same attention as negative comments on YouTube, and even Winston dismisses it as a typical prole reaction. Proles are allowed the illusion of rebellion so they do the party no harm. I think anyone who has spent time surfing porn or engaging in flame wars online is a bit of a prole, and it's sobering to think that these are the ways that the system is happy to keep us busy in fake rebellion."
"I did not care for this book. There was too much attention , paid to the language of Big Brother and these perceptions of reality. It was distracting to go in circles about love ,war,reality etc."
I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys social commentary and the thought that comes with it.  Even though this book was published in 1949 there are some themes that are still relevant today.
I READ THIS MANY YEARS AGO BUT ENJOYED IT SO MUCH I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY 18 YEAR OLD FOR HIM TO READ. AMERICAN CLASSIC EVERYONE SHOULD READ.
I read this in high school English Lit class.  I am re-reading for my Book Club discussion group this month.
"I've always wanted to read Nineteen Eighty-Four, especially because I love dystopian novels. After reading it I found out why I only hear great things about this book. I would recommend it to anyone who loves dystopian novels. This book is one of the best books I've ever read."
"Since I first read this book, as a teen back in the 60's, I've been aware of the little changes in our thinking, values, laws, and politics here in the US. In the past few years I've seen it rapidly move into Orwell's vision of 1984."
Interesting themes presented in this book.Definitely ahead of it's time.Who was Mr Orwell channelling when he came up with this gem?Well worth the read and definitely in my classic collection.
"I found the book very interesting, a very dark and gloomy view what the future my hold. Very much worth reading"
"What a mind-bender! I read this in high school in the 60's but at that time it was very futuristic and I didn't come away with much. Now, with the way the world is I thought it would be fun to re-read it. Obviously, it didn't happen in 1984 but slowly we are creeping into the unknown Big Brother. With cameras everywhere now and the NSA, it is not preposterous to think it could happen not in our lifetimes, but in a future far from now. It explains how the past is rewritten (as history is constantly being done now)to the point where there was no past. Children born think this is the way the world (Oceana) always was. To think that George Orwell wrote this in 1948 shows the forethought he had to write such a book. I wish this book was still on the high school reading lists! There is a big message that there should be no one ""rich"" and everyone should be the same,(socialism which is being pushed now) BUT the proles are poor and have very little. Parts of it take some concentration (when it comes to Winston reading ""the book"")but well worth it.Just look at North Korea. People don't even have privacy in their own homes, they are sent to labor camps if they don't clap when told to, they are killed at will, etc."
5 stars for the writing talent - 6 stars for the eerie insight into the future.Highly recommended - awesome read!
It was definitely different than anything I've read.  Liked it until the end.  Didn't like how book ended; it was unsatisfying.
"Way too little and costly and not in great shape ether, poor rating due to way too expensive for this tiny book."
Really thought provoking considering historical and modern governing attitudes and practices. Well written and captivating. Good read. A step up from Animal Farm.
"Undoubtedly one of the best books I've ever read, each time brings about more closure and comprehension on the intricately detailed and circularly planned plot. A true must read novel"
Just read the news and it becomes clear . You look at it and you see how the more things change the more they stay the same.
"This novel helped me discover/realize something about myself: I really have no interest in politics whatsoever. I'm not even talking about today's American current event politics with campaigning and conservatives and old white guys. I have a few hot button issues I care about (education, contraception) and the rest I don't care about. But 1984 has nothing to do about that. It focuses on a bigger picture with talking heads, you vs. me, economics, and big vs. small government. And I really just don't care.Politics seems petty to me. It reminds me of Einstein's quote: ""Do not worry about your problems with mathematics, I assure you mine are far greater."" Meaning that the scope of how laws are made, what they affect, and budget/economic restraints are so far beyond my comprehension and power that they hover into the realm of magic. But you didn't come here to hear about politics, you came to hear about the book.I guess the problem is that all the great elements of this book have been stripped out, snipped & groomed, and applied into other creative works. This book reads like a catalog of ideas that were used in ""The Matrix"", ""Lord of the Flies"", ""Blade Runner"", ""Dark City"", even ""Alien"". I bet anyone watching the reality show ""Big Brother"" (Is that still on?) has no idea where the term came from.So there's nothing in the book that's new or hasn't been improved on. It's full of ideas, but weak on story. There's a whole chapter that's mostly an excerpt from the anti-government manifesto the rebels are reading. It's pages and pages of political discourse, but little characterization and little plot.It's like the difference between movies and films. Movies have to have a plot. Films are just art with a message. 1984 feels like art. It's trying to shove a message and sacrifices plot & characters to do that. Why else would there be pages and pages dedicated to speeches?"
"How true these words ring in light of the modern surveillance state, especially with the NSA revelations. A must read for every inhabitant of this modern world."
"It took a while for this book to grow on me.  Around the second section, the love story opened up, and I was gung-ho about it to the end.  It makes a person think by example what a totalitarian society would be like.  It is probably appropriate for the time it was written in, which was 1948.  The clincher to this story put me on the edge of my seat.I would recommend this product along with Sirens of Morning Light by Benjamin Anderson, a quest for a man in Iowa to regain his identity, which becomes entangled with people who claim to have known him when he discovers he is a scientific experiment.  Make sure not to miss either book."
This was a real anti big government book when it came out in 1964 (I think) . Orwell was predicting what he saw coming in 20 years time == and his accuracy is prophetic!  I buy copies and give them to children in their teens/early 20's. to show them distrust of the Older Generation is not a new concept.
"The book is really fascinating and a great read. The quality of the book is nice as well, no wear or tear."
Technical advances are being used to track where we are and what we are doing.The government maybe should reread. Really!
"This book simply wasn't for me.  I started it, but from the beginning I found I just couldn't get into it.  I didn't care for the story line nor the writing.  I know many, many reviewers liked the book, but I did not."
I hadn't read this for 30+ years. It was scary to see that a book written in 1948 could be so accurate to what is happening 65 years later!!!A must read for anyone who is concerned about where we are heading!!
"Had never read Orwell's famous book...and am glad I finally did.The story is much different than I imagined after all these years...much ""darker"" and a lot sadder than I expected...but still a must read.This paperback was very afforable."
"One of my favorite books that no matter what always strikes a chord with me. I've read it a million times it seems, but everytime I open it, its like starting anew."
I received this but haven't had an opportunity to read as of yet. Well aware of some of the content though thru other reviews .
"My mind was taken on a journey with this book and at the end of it I felt extremely enlightened and a little uneasy, because of the similarities between this book and the world we live in today."
"This book allowed myself to see the importance of language, consciousness and memory. It's a very interesting read. This is also one of those books you can discuss with other people very easily."
"I came to this book in a round-about way. Two points of interest led me to 1984.#1. I had always been curious about cults, mind control, etc. So awhile back I picked up a book entitled ""Raven"" about Jim Jones. As I was reading, I found myself stupefied with my mouth hanging open like a idiot. How is this possible? What strange psychological techniques are involved? I subsequently bought and read every psychological book on mind control I could find. Now, with my own informal education, I think I have a good grasp of the phenomenon.#2. The recent exposure of the activities of the IRS in targeting conservative groups. I thought, this is an obvious totalitarian tactic: ""Silence the Opposition."" But why has this not resulted in outrage (unlike Watergate)? How can we accept, with complacency, a brazen attempt at domination? Have we all forgotten the essential principals America was founded on? I subsequently bought and read every major book on totalitarian states I could find, in an attempt to understand how the IRS affair was largely ignored by the populace.Since a vast majority of these books refer to Orwell's 1984, I figured a fictional, fantasy account would add to my understanding of both these strange phenomenon. My supposition was correct. What many of my formal, technical books do not do (rightly so), is express the human experience with emotional impact...love, tragedy, denial, anger, etc.The genius of this book is how it expresses the individual human experience of living is a totalitarian world.The frightening part of this book is that it could easily come true. The methods of control described are very real. Obviously used in Nazi Germany and the USSR. In fact, the whole story of 1984 may be taking place right now, IN THE REAL WORLD of North Korea!The cult/mind control aspect showed me the methods, the IRS affair showed me how easily a totalitarian state can begin, and 1984 put it all together in a humanistic, thought provoking story. If this book doesn't turn you into a libertarian, or at least get you thinking about it.....nothing will.Update: After reading this one, I highly recommend ""We The Living"" by Ayn Rand for a more realistic and equally thought-provoking read."
"I first read the book in 1984, feeling its significance but not really understanding it fully at the time (aged 13 and on the road to 80s style politicisation).I came back to the book after teaching Animal Farm to a class of 14 year olds and being reawakened to Orwell's incisive vision. '1984' is certainly not a 'pleasant' read but it remains terrifyingly relevant. Everything that Orwell saw and amplified back in 1948 has parallels today and this makes the book essential reading in order to prevent the 'mutability of the past'."
"Yes, don't think it wont happen....we are living it right now...time to buy more ammo and stock up, never too soon."
Why did I put myself through this? Reading this was almost as torturous as going to room 101. Enough already.
This was a rather interesting read. I was required to read this book for a literature class that I took. Good read.
"This is a quality hardcover copy.  The book is not overly long and is easy to handle.  And of course, everyone has to read it before they die, don't they?  Come on, it's a classic and is constantly referred to in politics."
Written many moons ago. The truth is forming throughout the world. Perhaps the true year should be 2014 or 2024.
People better re-read this book again to see where this government is taking America. Should be mandatory for all students to read this and animal farm.
Just wanted to give this book the rating it deserved.  For most of my life it has remained the best work of fiction I have ever read.
"There is a lot to be said about 1984, as well as Orwell's other works. This launched the entire genre of Dystopian Fiction. The undertones of the book apply just as much today as they did in 1948, when the book was written. It also serves as a warning and even a pointing arrow towards things going on this very day. It goes without saying that some of my own writing was, without a doubt, influenced by 1984."
"My mom had this book, and passed it down to me. I lost the book while moving years ago.the predictions of today and the path our politicians are taking are very similar."
This book is worth reading every 10 years just to get a jolt of caution about the world and where it is going. Every decade it looks more and more like Orwell had everything right except the timing.
"One I skipped in high school, I'm glad I picked it up and read it later!It is a little scary however, with the parallels it draws today!"
I thought it was going to be new but it wasn't. It was also creased a bit but I think that was because of the shipping.
I have this book in case any of those young no nothings question me as to how I can cannot trust our current administration and their NSA cronies.
I first read this when it was first published and had no idea at the time that much of it was to come to past.Obama is bringing it to America.
George Orwell  was a prophet I guess.  Just look around ....  scary isn't it?  Read this book and get energized to make some changes.
"People told me, ""you MUST read 1984 because its just like today!!!!!!"" And now that i read it, my answer to that is, Uhhh, no its not. Not even remotely close. Even North Korea and Islam-controlled nations aren't close to this book. No government will ever be like that. Humans would overthrow any government long before it got to that point. But besides the talk from conspiracy cuckoos or people living in some fantasy world, the book itself was so incredibly boring i am amazed i even finished it. They could have easily made it a 20 page short story and it still would have dragged on too long. One of the worst books i ever read. If you want a book about a controlling society, Animal Farm by this author is much better and actually more realistic... despite talking livestock! I would not recommend this book to my worst enemy."
"Re-reading ""1984"" after 40 years, I was taken with how strong its writing and message remain. Although a product of its time - the totalitarian era of Hitler and Stalin - the book introduced many concepts that have relevance today: thoughtcrime and thought police, constant surveillance (through telescreens), Big Brother, perpetual wars, propaganda, and the use of torture to enforce conformity.The structure of ""1984"" is so good. (some spoilers ahead) Part 1 introduces us to Winston Smith, who works in the Ministry of Truth rewriting history in accordance with Party doctrine, chucking historical documentation down ""memory holes."" Part 1 reveals how the oppressive society of Oceania functions and shows Winston's growing disillusionment with it.Part 2 follows Winston as he begins to defy the system by becoming lovers with a woman named Julia and meeting up with and committing himself to the revolutionary actions of the underground Brotherhood. Part 3 covers Winston's captivity, interrogation, torture and reintegration into Oceania, ending with the chilling line: ""He loved Big Brother.""The language Orwell uses is lean and precise. The trajectory of ""1984"" is increasingly intense and nerve-wracking. These stylistic choices give his warning message great clarity and power. What a passion he must have been in as he wrote this novel! (In fact, Orwell was dying during the months he struggled to finish it.) Forty years after my first reading of ""1984,"" it's a book that still takes my breath away and scares the hell out of me. It's a book that deserves to be read, studied and admired."
"One of the most frightening stories ever told. I've read it at least four or five times, and it never ceases to haunt."
"I haven't read this book since my high school days, and even then, I never read the entire book. It is a cultural classic, but a pretty horrifying check on reality - for Orwell does not mince his words - this is raw, far more horrifying than any Hollywood ""horror"" film because his book depicts plausible reality. He presses home, paragraph after paragraph, page after page, with the subtlety of a sledgehammer, the future we would face were we to permit Big Brother to become a reality. I have not checked school curricullums lately, to see if this book is on the required reading list - but if not, that is a fatal error because 1984 is a manual, a text book for the anti-Christ of freedom - and required education for anyone living in a society which is edging towards ultra-surveillance, such as our own. I marvel at Orwell's ability, in 1949, to piece together such a picture and something of a vigilance. But I warn you, reading this book is not for the faint hearted - it's grimy, right down there at the gutter of humanity's low - slaves to a system."
"What a dismal depressing book!  Woof.  Seems short, but in fact is very dense.  A whole appendix on the New Speak, which I didn't even read.  Little too descriptive, too wordy.  Certainly did not enjoy it, in any sense, but it is interesting to note that probably three days after I started it, the Edward Snowden affair surfaced, and everybody was talking Big Brother.  1984 jumped to 100 on Amazon.  Orwell was truly depressed after WWII.  Far better to be a prole in 1984."
"Every bit as good when I read it the first time all those years ago. My teen was whining about it, but in the end, guess what, loved it! Even more pertinent today than it was when ""Big Brother"" wasn't a technical possibility."
"Was a mandatory read for a college course, but im glad i experienced this book, great story and great read."
Weird book to real at times. But it really makes you think what life could be like. Wow weird hum
Everyone in this country should be required to read this book instead of the Scarlet Letter.Period. I read it a long time ago and really just wanted to have my own copy.
"This book is classic and one of my all time favorites. This is a very high quality edition, I'm very pleased with it."
"A good Book about a future that Didn't Happen, but could.Gives a really bizzare Look at the future if we are not careful."
Great Story on my IphoneGreat story easy to read on my phone recommend it to anyone who wants to read it.
"Having been robbed of reading this book in high school, I am happy to say that I have finally read it.I felt myself change as the protagonist changed. I feared when he feared, I was filled with happiness when he was happy. Not many books can do that to you.All in all, it is a great novel that everyoneshould read once in their life."
"1984 presents some of the most interesting ideals that are caused when a society takes a turn down a path that no longer causes it to increase in technology and power but simply to increase in hate and arrogance. Setting in a dystopia future well past/ future of London we focus upon a main character who is moving through his life while simply trying to live. Soon he starts to break off and have thoughts about his life and his government that contradict what they want him to believe. Through a series of events Winston the main character has a love affair, a secret room, joins a brotherhood, and is captured all in the span of half a year. This book is great as the ideas of a totalitarian government are taken to the extreme when it is allowed to fester and control it citizens without a struggle this book demonstrates how far a government will go to try and control its people. The third part of this book is by far the most interesting as it finally shows the true nature of the government and the true determination of the party to try and keep there members from thinking anything other than what the government wants.  The effectiveness of this book comes from the fact that we never truly experience freedom in the book. The character does not achieve success, he does not necessarily find happiness and the government wins in the end. The book uses this to enforce the idea that this government and the way the people are isn’t going to change with a simple revolution. This oppression is so wide spread that it is impossible to have a simple revolution that in order for these societies to change a great wide spread ideal change must occur. Orwell writes this to give you the impression that nothing is going to change. He reinforces this by have the main character constantly in this state that nothing he does will change and that the possibility of him coming out of this in a positive way is slim to non. Orwell achieves a great amount of this by having the main character repeat the same things he believes and also by repeating the phrase we are dead. The most ideal heavy part of this novel is extremely effective in book two as Winston is reading the book. This book is used to shed more light on the conditions that Winston is living in and it truly expresses the fact that Winston lives in an age of war with fighting always going on and it never truly happening the book reinforces that all the ideals of the party are in a sense false and misguided. But using the book Orwell also instills hopelessness as he states that these super states are the same in the major sense and only differ slightly thus it is impossible for one to simply have a revolution as in each super-state is self contained."
"George Orwell was the great prophet of totalitarianism. His Homage to Catalonia (1938) sounded an early warning about the nature of the Soviet Communists in its depiction of how they attempted to subvert the Spanish Republican government even at the cost of helping the fascists in the short term. Animal Farm (1945) was a dissection of how the idealistic Russian revolution was co-opted by Stalinist totalitarians. Then came 1984, Orwell's culminating work, published just before his death of tuberculosis in early 1950.Unfortunately, I also think that his impending death impelled Orwell to run off the rails a bit in his dystopian vision. While the first part of the book is brilliant in its depiction of a society controlled and manipulated by an all-powerful state—read The Gulag Archipelago to see just how closely Orwell's fictional Oceania tracks the real-world Soviet state under Stalin—the second part following Winston Smith's arrest goes way overboard as Orwell seek to make a philosophical point about the subjection of the total man and also gross out readers as much as possible about just how horrible a world he can create. But to achieve this, Orwell has to sacrifice the integrity of his story.The whole premise of the first part was to give readers a disturbingly plausible vision of how a populace can be made to submit and acquiesce to its servitude to the state. The perpetual surveillance through the two-way video screens (creepily analogous to GPS trackers in today's electronic gadgets), the never-ending happy-talk propaganda, the bread-and-circuses mollification of the ""proles"" (what we today call ""low information voters"" in a delicious bit of real-life newspeak) and the realization that the best way to control a population is to keep them hopped up on a crusade in which ""we're all in it together"" (which is why governments today are eternally declaring ""war"" on everything from drugs to iliteracy)—all brilliant and brilliantly depicted.But then Winston Smith gets arrested and the verisimilitude vanishes. First of all, the whole idea that a police state would bother to make sexual indiscretion a capital crime is ridiculous (unless it has a theological basis such as in Medieval Christianity or modern Iran). Yes, I get it that it highlights Orwell's argument that a totalitarian state seeks to destroy everything human or individual in its subjects, but I think Aldous Huxley was on a much sounder ground in Brave New World where promiscuity was not only legal but encouraged. If you want to devastate the individual/spiritual integrity of a populace, it's better to turn them into beasts thant monks.But my biggest criticism is how the narrative runs aground during O'Brien's ongoing interrogation and torture of Smith. For this to be plausible, we have to believe that this high muckety-muck in the Oceania hierarchy would have spent the last seven years minutely tracking the activities of a mid-level worker drone, and then spent considerable state resources to capture and torture this individual over an extended period. And for what? So that he can destroy ""the last man"" as Smith is unconvincingly termed? The conclusion to be drawn seems to be that once the last independent thinker is snuffed out, there won't be any more of them. If only, says ever tyrant in history. Frankly, O'Brian comes off as an obsessive loon and if I were Big Brother, I would seriously consider getting him off the payroll for pursuing a private agenda with state resources. Who knows what he'll fixate on next.Yes, I understand that Orwell's point was to show as brutally as possible the stamping out of individualism, but he could have saved the tedious lectures O'Brien (and Emanuel Goldstein through the extended excerpts from his book) foists on poor Smith (and the reader) and simply continued to show life in Oceania. That to me was by far the most compelling part of this book."
"This is a great book, but if you're a kind of fiction-, fantasy-loving book reader, I don't think this book is for you. However, its insight on political structure is amazing! I think it is a critical read for the youth of our age."
"I really don't know what to say........JUST READ THE BOOKOrwell was a genius, and his book makes you question what you believe in about the extent of human evil and if human nature will reach this point by 2050."
"With countless book reviews already written about George Orwell's mid 20th-century literary classic, the task of writing one with unique value seems daunting. 1984 is a novel about a man, Winston, living in a dystopian society called Oceania where everyone is being monitored by a totalitarian government. Winston meets a young woman, Julia, and they must hide their forbidden relationship from the eyes and ears of Big Brother, the ruling figurehead whose image is displayed on posters in every room, hallway and building.Apart from the political commentary and sometimes endearing affair between Winston and Julia, I found 1984 to be quite disturbing and somewhat perverted, which I assume is what Orwell intended. The filth, poverty and pain described throughout adds to the distaste in your mouth whitle reading and accentuates the utter disdain one feels for the society made up of Big Brother, the Inner Party(ruling class), the Outer Party(middle-class), and the Proles(lower-class poor).To me, 1984 is first and foremost about power; unfettered, unyielding, and unforgiving power. The main theme examines absolute collectivism versus individualism, while the political commentary about capitalism versus socialism is secondary.There are several parallels that can be drawn between Orwell's dystopia and today's society not least of which being the constant surveillance of the telescreens and microphones placed everywhere to monitor the masses in Oceania. According to a passage in a forbidden book that Winston is secretly given, the main device that brought about the all powerful government into being was a television that could both transmit and receive. This device, called a telescreen, installed in virtually every room in every building, is what separated Big Brother from all other dictatorships, authoritarian, totalitarian and socialist governments because it enabled the complete control of the people; not just their actions, but their thoughts as well. We have TVs, computers, cameras and GPS devices everywhere in our society today that can serve this purpose.Orwell's attack on collectivism is equally frightening when he describes the blind and violent hatred that the populous exhibits towards traitors, rebels, and foreign enemies. It reminds me of some of the reality shows of our time where people gather together to celebrate the humiliation, rejection or failure of others. All written and recorded media is constantly revised to support the interests of the Party. History is continuously revised.In Oceania, there is no crime and no punishment for criminals according to Big Brother. Instead, people are monitored and eliminated if it appears from their behavior that they might commit a crime in the future, which sounds a lot like what the NSA has as it's goal in fighting terrorism.  Further, to control the fear of the populous of Oceania, and drive the economy, there is always a war going on with another part of the world, driven by the lust for more power and control of cheap labor.  This sounds familiar too.The big difference between Orwell's dystopia and our current Western society is that Big Brother's goal is to eliminate all forms of pleasure in order to prevent people from becoming satisfied thereby reducing their hatred by which the government is using to control them. Artificial insemination is the preferred method of procreation and the family unit is one in which the children spy on their parents. Many blogs, books and articles have been written about the degradation of the family unit in today's society.The one passage that strikes at the heart of a totalitarian, surveillance society that we should remember and consider a warning is ""That the choice for mankind lay between freedom and happiness and for the bulk of mankind happiness was better."" This could be the slogan of the NSA."
"1984 is an amazing book which is as relevant today as it was when it was written in the late 1940's.  The original dystopia/post-apocalyptic fiction.  This was my gateway drug into PA/Dystopia fiction and I keep comparing everything against 1984.  If you have note read it before, please do.  It is just one of those books everyone should read!~="
"1984 is very well written and sends a very clear and important message to the world. Orwell crafted one of the best dystopian books I have ever read. The atmosphere absolutely chilling and every detail is wonderfully placed throughout the novel. There were, however, some short sections of the book that made is a little bit boring.The characters throughout the book are very interesting. 1984 follows the life of Winston Smith, a middle class man living out his life in the city of London. We follow his life as his thoughts, personality, and outlook change with encounters with events and other people. Only a few characters really make a prominent impact throughout the entire novel. However, these characters really help bring out the character of the book.The book sends a very clear message about authoritarian power and the problems of an over controlling government. The events throughout the book show how life could be like if the governments become powerful. The ruling elites establish absolute control over the middle and lower classes of society. Near the middle of the book, Orwell sneaks in passages explaining some sort of political theory that explains the situation in the world in 1984. This part adds to increasing knowledge imparted to us through Orwell's novel.There are some points throughout the book were I found myself trying to keep reading. The middle section of the book is a clear example of this. This part of the book really dragged on even though it was only a small section of the book. It started out pretty interesting but it begun to drag as it got longer.1984 is a very good book. The message is sends about the dangers of the power of the government is truly amazing and furthered my view on the world. It is clear that this book set the stage for other books just like it. However, it is not for everyone. Some of the nightmarish scenarios presented could turn off some people. 1984  is an amazing book and everyone should try to read it at one point in their lifetime."
It wasn't what I expected exactly but very good nonetheless.  Thought It was funny cigarettes were still in the mix.
"This dystopian masterpiece has stood the test of time.  I first read it while in high school and its effect on me was profound.  With our ever encroaching police state, I felt it was time to read it again 45 years later.  To me, Orwell's vision is more prescient than ever, although I think the society envisioned by Aldous Huxley in ""Brave New World"" may more accurately reflect where we are headed."
"Re-reading this book today, as so many people are doing, reminds us of how gloomy the world looked in 1949. And especially how gloomy it looked to Orwell, who had spent his entire life and lost his health in struggles for what he imagined as a more decent society — one where people cared about and cared for one another. The book is a biting satire of what he thought of as the muddle-headed reformism of the British Labour Party, heading toward a totally controlled society called ""Ingsoc"", Newspeak for ""English Socialism"", but the permanent anxiety-inducement, psychological manipulation through the distortion of language, and crude but effective torture were inspired more by Nazi Germany and, especially, Stalin's Soviet Union. The technology of surveillance by ""Big Brother"" seems laughably primitive today, in the face of Edward Snowden's revelations about the working of the NSA, but Orwell's vision of pseudo-friendships among individuals too frightened to really connect seems almost to foreshadow those on Facebook and Twitter.Orwell's great strength was as a moral essayist, a writer with a very definite view of how things ought to be and a critique of all that fell short of that. And it is as a moral essay that this book continues to matter, not as an effort of belles lettres. It is not pleasing to read, the flow of the language is jarring, the characters unlovable and barely understandable as people — and that is surely just what Orwell intended. But those unlikeable characters all serve his two purposes: to point out the dangers of an all-controlling state and to remind us once again of how language can be corrupted in ways not to advance and express thought, but to impede it. And also perhaps to express one faint hope: Winston Smith, by resisting as long as he does, even though he finally succumbs, demonstrates that the system's control can never be absolutely complete."
I have to read this book in my English Pre-Honors class & im sorry to say that it has been a dreadful time for me with this book. Im more than half way in the book and im hoping things will pick up.
"This book is a Classic for a reason.No matter your interests or reading level, you must read this book. (I myself am a Biology major in University and usually read fantasy books). Everyone deserves to read this book. You owe it to yourself.It gives an amazing look into human nature and society. I have re-read it two more times since high school, and it reveals to me new truths each time. I cannot possibly do it justice through this review, but I greatly respect this book."
"From THE dystopian novel, I expected more. I would much prefer to read ""Atlas Shrugged"" or ""Brave New World"" for my dystopian fix."
"A classic of its genre, 1984 is as applicable to today's society as when Orwell first put pen to paper."
"George Orwell has written a book that will most certainly always be relevant to humankind. A must-read, especially for the younger crowd who have yet to fully form their understanding of the world."
It a book that most high school student had to read.  Reading it a second time later in life is a good idea.  I have a greater appreciation of meaning of the book and what is happing in America today.
"Absolutely incredible. It's like george Orwell had a crystal ball. Very thought provoking, but be careful, the thought police are watching you!"
"Brilliantly written. Very incisive. Dystopia written at it's best. Winston is every man, what we all think we would be in a similar situation."
"This was a chilling look into a future that isnt all that hard to see anymore.  It amazes me how long ago this was written, and how relavent it is today.  It should be required reading in high school.  Lots of deep themes, and messages.  “He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.”People should take the time to understand that ""facts"" they are fed in the media do not always tell the accurate or complete, or even true story sometimes.  They are often built to sell ratings, and based on loose allegations or deception to sway opinion.Think for yourself.  Read a book.  This a good one to start with."
Amazing how Orwell could predict so many things that sadly are coming to pass inthis country. I read it before but felt I should read it again
"After reading this book I can tell that most people who refer to the ""Orwellian"" world we are living in have never actually read the book."
"This story has affected me more than almost any other that I have read. Not because I enjoyed it (I did, but that is not why I write this), but because the world of 1984 horrified me beyond anything I have ever known in fiction, and even in reality.I give this book five stars for not only making me question the validity of human existence, but for making me truly dread that a world like this could ever exist, fictional or not."
"I guess I am stating the obvious when I say how insightful this book is. It is a reflection of the era it was written in, but also is a cautionary tale about what this could mean for society in the future. It is amazing that even in 2013 it is still a cautionary tale...a fantastic read."
"I've never read a more prophetic book than ""1984"" by George Orwell. The future totalitarian society described in the book seems very accurate on what society could potentially become. Complete control by the government and always being at war-sounds very familiar in American society today. Always remember, Big Brother is watching!"
"The paradigms in which this book builds and then contradicts are absolutely mind blowing. Any novel that can evoke emotion earns high regards in my mind, thus giving this book in particular one of the highest, for its ability to make me love so blissfully and hate so deeply. It's a excellent read for those who like the challenge of thought."
"I got this on audible.  While the world needs to hear this message - I personally, wasn't thrilled with it.  I thought it was a very depressing, hopeless, and brutal world created by big brother.  So, while this book has some prophetic qualities, it was disturbing."
"An AMAZING book, kind of sad I hadn't read it before. From the first line it had me hooked and I could not put it down . Would recoomend to anyone looking for a good story."
This book is more relevant today than ever. It is a must read if one is to come to grips with what identity and freedom mean in the age of information.
An all time classic that fits in your pocket. What else can you ask for? I cannot recommend it enough.
"I did not finish this book.  After t wo chapters, I recognized that it was just too dark, so I deleted it from my Kindle.  Sorry bout t that for you folks who are quite naturally looking for good words."
One of the best books I've ever read. It's a must read tougether with brave new world and farenheit 451
"This is a wonderful book, showing many interesting views of power and control. George Orwell is an expert at describing these kinds of things, so this book is perfect."
Written in 1949 this novel is located at 1984. The citizen is watched 24 hours. They monitor all your activities and thoughts. Any resemblance to reality is purely coincidental. Orwell wrote thinking time totalitarian regimes. The future was described.
It was mostly good. Some over emphasizing of terms and going in too much of things that weren't too terribly relevant. And I didn't like the ending. It was abrupt and sudden.
"It's an amazing book to read, I enjoyed reading it in high school. It's a must have book. You won't regret it."
"""The best books, he perceived, are those that tell you what you know already.""  -Winston SmithGeorge Orwell's futuristic (at the time) novel about a totalitarian government feels especially relevant in today's political climate where our president keeps secret ""kill lists"" and has claimed the right to indefinitely detain or assassinate American citizens without due process. When people describe these things as ""Orwellian"", they aren't far off.With record levels of poverty and wage stagnation, America has made greater gains in wealth than any other country. Meanwhile we are in secret wars in around 100 countries. Passages in 1984 that explain the use of perpetual warfare to maintain class division and inequality were especially dog-eared:  ""The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor. War is a way of shattering to pieces, or pouring into the stratosphere, or sinking in the depths of the sea, materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable, and hence, in the long run, too intelligent. Even when weapons of war are not actually destroyed, their manufacture is still a convenient way of expending labor power without producing anything that can be consumed... In principal the war effort is always so planned as to eat up any surplus that might exist after meeting the bare needs of the population.""By the third section of the book, Orwell pushes from cautionary tale into an extreme that doesn't seem to relate to our current problems. The Party maintains power for it's own sake and expends so much of it's energy to degrade and cause pain in order to control even the thoughts of the citizenry. I feel like the people in power may not care whether we are in pain, but that our pain is not their main goal. They're bound to have more free time to enjoy their power if the masses are distracted by cable and overwork.-Katie O'Rourke, author of Monsoon Season"
"amazing perspective, engaging, unparalleled quotes, and makes you think. What more can you ask from a book? Highly recommend to anyone and everyone."
Read this! He was somewhat ahead of his time. Sounds like today! Some serious intrusion on the privacy of the citizens of this country.
"I have heard about this book for most of my life, but I never got around to reading it until now. I'm glad I finally read it. It gave me a lot to think about."
"Wow, definitely a book everyone should read at least once in his or her her lifetime. It is not a warm and fuzzy, feel-good beach read; it is a book that makes one think. The overall message is the danger of not being able to think for oneself, and can be applied to any era, whether that of fascism, communism, or just plain conformity, pandering to what the Media says, etc."
"Book is good, but the condition it came in isn't the best. It's readable but not definitely sooooo. I'm not sure i would recommend bc of the book condition."
"With the way our government currently acts, this book scared the heck out of me.  It was written some time ago, but it could be applied today with frightening similarities."
I read this book that my son had to read to English.  I found it very depressing and definitely not the ending I would have wanted.
1984 is an amazing book with a chilling socio-political commentary about the bottom of a depressing slippery slope of surveillance.11/10 will read again.
"I never read this book in high school, so it was very interesting.  Reading it in 2014 makes you wonder how he could have predicted so much of what is actually happening today in 1939."
"What I have just read. I never thought words can induce so much feeling inside you. Although I believe book is highly informative, thought provoking and multi layered, yet I am sure I have not understood most of it.Brilliant. And close to reality as well."
"This is a great book. It is where the idea of big brother came from. The society in Orwell 's 1984 is a scary place. History is changed by disinformation, people are made to disappear if they do not fit in to the society.It is a classic and everyone should give this book a read."
"Love it, I red this book in college and wanted to read it again and wanted my children to read it and we all love it."
"I admit that at first I was a little bit bored by the book, it felt very slow , but with each page my heart broke more and more. I don't think any of us could survive the way Winston Smith did. George Orwell truly is an amazing writer and I understand now why this story is considered a classic."
George must have had a Crystal ball. so much of his work can be seen coming to fruition. Governments having no faith or respect for those they are supposed to serve so they rule.
Very good book.. Loved it
A classic.
the story is original and unlike anything I have read before in my life. it was well written with a message to speak for future generations
na
"[...]George Orwell's answer to this question is ambiguous. On the one hand, 1984 ends in singularity. There is no outside. There is no determinate contradiction. On the other hand, he is the author of a provocation, demonstrating at the very least differentiation within, but also perhaps determinate contradiction within what is no longer a singularity. But this invites us to critically reflect on the social location of this dissident place ""outside"" the frame? What is the new frame that includes both these places? What has been left untheorized or undertheorized in 1984?"
"This book took me a few months to read because of its few dull moments and my hectic schedule, but it was definitely worth it. It's amazing that Orwell had such an imaginary in his time period to envision such a world. 5 stars."
The novel provides analogous glimpses of current events. Having lived through the Cold War it is easy to see how 1984 had the impact it did when published.Clearly the technology exists that would provide constant surveillance and the conspiracy theorists are happy to illustrate how it is happening in today's context. Possibly the NSA is today's Big Brother.
Beautifully written in causal words while describing difficult to understand concepts of being watched everyday which is the reality we live today.
"Orwell was a man WAY ahead of his time.  This has always been a classic.  I read it  in my early 20s and misplaced the book years ago.  I wanted the same exact book with the cover mine had back then, and I found it here.  It'll definitely be kept in my collection now."
"Orwell's Newspeak equals Political Correctness. His Ingsoc equals our modern progress toward socialism in America. Big Brother and the Thought Police are analogous to our current government and the NSA. You ARE being watched and listened to, and EVERYTHING is recorded! The Party and the Proles are analogous to our modern Political Class verses the Working Class. Orwell shows how government cares not about the people, but only about itself and remaining in power, even if it means rewriting or even DELETING history to remain in control. Think Common Core! It's a difficult read at times, to be sure, as Orwell lays out his ideas and sentiments, but DO NOT let yourself, your family and your friends end up like Winston and Julia! Keep yourself abreast of current events, listen with a critical mind and READ THIS BOOK!!! I waited WAY too long to do it. Oh, and by the way, it's also tragic and entertaining!"
"Product arrived very promptly.  Sooner than I expected.  The book was in excellent condition, took a while to enjoy the book but was well worth the read."
"Well, I purchased this book for my son. He said that it was just what he needed.  It was more than enough information to do the report for school."
"1st sentence: ""It was a cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.""Thirteen? Clocks don't strike thirteen, at least not in the world I live in. This is a brilliant opening sentence. You immediately know something is off, the world has changed. And if you suffer from triskaidekaphobia then you already have little warning bells sounding in your head.The world Orwell created is divided into three super states that came to power after a global war: Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia. The novel takes place in Oceania which is comprised of three social classes: The Elite (Inner Party) - 2% of the population, The Middle (Outer Party)- 13% of the population, and The Low (Proletarians or Proles)- the remaining 85% of the population.The Elite control every aspect of society through the elimination of personal freedoms, fear, and mind control, but according to the Elite this control is necessary to maintain the safety and security of the greater good. The Middle carries out the orders of the Elite. The Proles are viewed as mindless cattle that work, eat, sleep, and procreate. They're just a commodity to the Party.Even the language is controlled. It's continually being simplified. Words are being eradicated or concatenated into a language known as Newspeak. The idea is that if there is not a word for it, then it does not exist. Reading and expressing your own views (verbally or in writing) are outlawed. Individualism is not allowed.""To do anything that suggested a taste for solitude, even to go for a walk by yourself, was always slightly dangerous. There was a word for it in Newspeak: ownlife, it was called, meaning individualism and eccentricity.""The masses are under constant surveillance through telescreens, wiretapping and hidden cameras. The only time they have alone is when they are sleeping, and even then a word uttered against the Party could have one arrested by the Thought Police for a thoughtcrime.""BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU.""The government of Oceania established four ministries to maintain control over the people. The names reflect the brainwashing methods of the Inner Party:1. Ministry of Truth (news)The Party controls the media and thereby controls the ""truth."" The past is continually being rewritten (fabrication, not truth) to reflect favorably on the Party, and any evidence to the contrary is eradicated.""He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.""2. Ministry of Peace (war),Oceania is constantly at war (not at peace) with one of the other superpowers.  This endless war is a means to keep the people under control. The angst felt at the loss of their personal freedoms is directed, or rather misdirected, at one of the other superpowers. They are too busy preparing for or thinking about war to believe otherwise.""Heavy physical work, the care of the home and children, petty quarrels with neighbors, films, football, beer, and above all, gambling filled up the horizon of their minds. To keep them in control was not difficult.""3. Ministry of Plenty (economic affairs),Basic human needs like food and water are under the control of the Party. Food is scarce, not plenty. The Party employs self-preservation as a powerful influence over the masses.4. Ministry of Love (law and order)Psychological and physical torture (not love) is used to punish any acts of rebellion against the Party. The Ministry of Love is located in a building where there are no windows. It's continually bathed in light. Since one cannot distinguish between night and day, the passage of time is unknown. The following sentence appears early in the novel and gives the reader a feeling of hope, but by the end it is evident that it refers to something completely different.""We shall meet in the place where this is no darkness.""The protagonist, Winston Smith, is a member of the Outer Party who works for the Ministry of Truth where he rewrites history to cast a favorable light on the Party. He seems to be the everyman hero at the beginning of the novel. There is nothing unique about him other than his desire to write down his own thoughts, to dream of a better life, but in this Orwellian society those desires are quite extraordinary. He purchases a journal in secret and writes his thoughts in it with his back to the telescreen. That act alone could have him arrested by the Thought Police, but he goes further with the declaration of ""DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER"" at great personal risk of being ""vaporized"" (eradicated from existence). Readers will immediately root for him.Orwell created a world so believable and prophetic that it is actually quite frightening. Don't think so? We only have to look at the recent past, the era just prior to the time the book was written, for an answer. It happened during the Third Reich with the rise of Hitler. An entire nation was brainwashed through propaganda into dehumanizing the Jewish population, and we know the unspeakable atrocities that followed. Who says it cannot happen again?This novel is complex and thought-provoking. Although it was written in 1948 about the future, and 1984 has long since passed, it is still relevant today. I believe the author intended it to be a warning of what could be. It will leave you with a feeling of deep concern about the danger inherent in giving up too much personal freedom. I highly recommend this book."
"This is a really good book,a little scary in my opinion.I can't believe that this book was published in 1949 because everything is true in it.Makes me wonder what is to come,pretty sure not something good."
"Comparisons between Orwell's NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR and Huxley's BRAVE NEW WORLD are so common in literary circles that they have become somewhat of a joke.  Especially when you consider that neither of these books was the first in the genre; while Huxley predated Orwell by seventeen years, somehow Zamyatin's WE, written a decade before BNW, often gets left out of the discussion (in fact it has been some time since I read WE, and I read two different translations, so I would need to tackle it again to review it properly).  And there are other novels in this genre that are worthy of consideration, such as Levin's THIS PERFECT DAY and Bradbury's FAHRENHEIT 451.  But at the end of the day, when it comes to the ultimate dystopia, it is Orwell's NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR that emerges as the absolute expression of the genre in all its nightmarish vividness.London, 1984 (Or is it? Nothing is certain in this book).  We are introduced to Winston Smith, a clerical worker for the ruling body, an entity known only as ""the Party"" and represented by posters of a Stalin-like figure known only as ""Big Brother"" and the slogan ""Big Brother Is Watching You.""  Which is literally true:  everyone's apartment is equipped with a two-way television (""telescreen"") that sees and hears absolutely everything, from eating to sleep to sex, and which can be turned down but not off.Winston's job sums up the Party pretty well:  it is his task to process changes to newspapers, history books, magazines, any form of literature so that the present will match up with the past.  In short, it is his function to completely obliterate history on a daily basis.  The world is divided into three primary ""provinces:""  Oceania (in which London is located and which oddly appears to include the United States), Eurasia, and Eastasia.  There is always a war going on between Oceania and one of the other two, but it is subject to change on a dime, and when it does, Winston and his team must scramble to change all records to make them state that Oceania has ALWAYS been at war with whichever one happens to be the enemy at the moment.It is instructive that Winston performs his duties at a place called the Ministry of Truth, which is in fact dedicated to falsification of everything from history books to television shows.  There are two other Ministries:  The Ministry of Peace, which is concerned with war, and the Ministry of Love, which is concerned with horrors that I will not reveal here.Speaking of love, this is where comparisons with Huxley actually have some merit.  Both novels have removed all meaning from the sex act.  But Huxley does it by making promiscuity the order of the day and making any feelings deeper than the basic tactile sexual sensations deviant, unnatural, and anti-social.  Orwell does it by making sex a crime except for the necessity of procreation and in his world pleasure for the woman is the unnatural thing.  Winston has a wife (who left him some time earlier), but the descriptions of their couplings are bone-chilling:  a dedicated Party member, his wife hated sex but insisted that they do it once a week to make a baby, calling it (God help us all) ""Our duty to the Party.""  Winston's relief at her departure is almost palpable even though we only hear about it as a past event.Slogans abound in Orwell's world.  The three primary ones are WAR IS PEACE, FREEDOM IS SLAVERY, and IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH, all of which eerily recall the words that greeted the prisoners arriving at Auschwitz:  ARBECHT MACHT FREI (literally ""Work Makes One Free"" but more accurately ""Freedom Through Work"").Orwell does not limit his inspirations to Nazi Germany, though:  I have already mentioned the resemblance between the mythical ""Big Brother"" and Josef Stalin; his characters address each other as ""comrade"" and there is mention made on more than one occasion of work camps that sound more like Siberia than WWII Germany.Orwell was an unremitting pessimist.  The plot of his novel is so simple it is almost predictable:  Winston is an unhappy member of the Party, and unhappy people sooner or later do something rebellious.  Winston rebels, with a young woman named Julia, and there follows a brief period where things appear to be hopeful, but eventually the hammer falls, and the ending is almost preordained.Which brings us to the one other valid comparison to Huxley; in BNW, London is a city so sterile you could probably eat off the floors.  NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR, on the other hand, is so grimy that you almost want to wash your hands after reading it.  The only other novel I can think of that presents the reader with such an unrelentingly gritty vision of the future is Harry Harrison's MAKE ROOM!  MAKE ROOM!, the inspiration for the film SOYLENT GREEN.There are a lot of futuristic dystopias out there, and they tend to share various features:  the genre is a narrow one, rather like horror and science fiction, and some crossover is inevitable.  But NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR stands out, somehow, above all the others; it has a grim resonance that is not only rather depressing but one gets the feeling that his vision is not in the least bit impossible and that we would do well to take care that we do not end up in Oceania."
"I had to read this for school. It was nice. Good storyline. All in all, I enjoyed it. A nice addition to my library."
Great read when I was in high school back in the eighties. An even better read now that Big Brother is entering every aspect of our lives.
"OK so modern man modern romans obese selfish liberty hounds deny liberty for all others.... of the right to life baby killers....NOW YOU PAY....wlcome toDYSTOPIA,,,,strawberry fields nothing is real and all we were saying is give peace a chance....we re not wrong .-you are"
"Many of my friends read ""1984"" when I was in college in the late 60's - early 70's, but I did not. So, as a close watcher of current politics, I decided to read it now.  In my opinion, ""1984"" is an absolute MUST READ for all, but especially High Schoolers and College Students. I wouldn't be surprised if it were not stripped from all public schools, because they have become the exact replicas of the propaganda, brainwashing and indoctrination institutions of the Party in power now in this country.  The complicit media, willing to do the bidding of those in power. The constant forcing of citizens to adhere to Political Correctness, Doublespeak, the marginalization of Christians, Conservatives, and anyone else who holds to social norms or disagrees with the party line.  This is one of the most depressing books I have ever read because it is exactly what is happening in our world.  It is the same story of Absolute Power as represented by other epic novels such as ""Lord of the Rings"", the Ring possessing  the power to bind all others.  As O'brien told Winston Smith, the party didn't want the power so they could ""help"" others, they wanted it for the purpose of POWER.  Chilling, but that is what is happening.Orwell displays amazing insight in drawing totalitarian, one party rule to it's diabolical conclusion."
"This is a great book that every American citizen should read.  I understand that it used to be required for school reading - and I think it should still be.  It's very interesting that this author had such a foresight of what ""could happen"" if we do not defend our constitutional rights."
its a nice book with good storyline that expresses what the world might look like if it is under totalitarian rule.
"How could Orwell have predicted so well, the willingness of people to believe in the propaganda and untruths of political parties looking out for anything but the public interest?  He had the past for a blue print.  Printed in 1949, following World War II, Orwell had only to look to  Hitler and Stalin and their supporters to create ""Big Brother"" and his compliant society.  The further technology evolves, the more we do in fact find ourselves subject to the likes of drones that listen and take pictures and target enemies and phone companies compelled to turn spy for government agencies, tuning in to nearly every word...surely our internet accounts and every detail they hold about us are categorized and used to sell us things and tell us things others would like for us to hear.  Is our media controlled?  Yes, but not the way you think.  No one from on high typically tells a reporter what to report and how to report it...but far too often reporters follow the given narrative on anything from a house fire to a major catastrophe and few attempt to ferret out whether the narrative is entirely or at all true.  Look at the BP Spill...look at Fukushima. George Orwell continues to send us a message from the past to question all and keep searching until we are confident the truth is at hand.  With unsavory politics, hate and outright lies the order of today, all of us, but especially our children need this book and reminder more than ever."
New books cannot be reviewed until I read them.It's a book.And it's new.Boom.Enjoy!Three more words required.
I thought the book droned on and on.  I found it as boring as sitting at one slot machine in Vegas for days on end.
Seems to mirror our current government situation. I wanted to read this book for many years but never made time for it.
"This novel is nearly 70 years old and is still relevant today. Orwell's outlook on the future has, in a sense, come true; just not as intense as described within the book. Overall, great read!"
Lots of marking. Like every other page had somthing underlined or had some sort of odd wrighting. There were also some small tears.
"Although George Orwell wrote this based on the Soviet Union experience, there is still a threat today of a tyrannical government creating its own ""truths"" about history and the use of sadistic brain washing tactics to complete complete control over the ""Party Faithful.""  The anti-hero of this book was in a position of ""correcting"" history to lead people to believe that the Party's view of history was real and he had a problem in that he remembered some history that was not in accordance with the Party's version and had, in fact been a part of the process of erasing the truth and exchanging it for a lie.  We are in the same danger with our media expressing a slanted version of the ""truth"" and with over 48% of the citizens dependent on the government for their subsistence, they can perpetuate the lie,  The sad fact is that a large percent of Americans have created a myth of a super big brother attitude about Obama.  To most of them his dictatorial approach to government (""we are not negotiating unless you totally surrender your position"") now seems right.  Big Brother perpetuates the lie with constant wars, statistics of growth and destruction of home and family.  The saddest part of the whole book is when our anti-hero gives up his humanity and discovers that he loves Big Brother and the system that stripped him of dignity, humanity, love and left him a drunken sod swilling cheap gin and no ambition."
"boring.  many similarities to  present day Barak-a-topia America.  Socialism is alive and well, spelled d.e.m.o.c.r.a.t.  This book was based on Obama nation 15 years before he was born in Kenya."
This was a Special Edition book of 1984 and it arrived packaged well with the Max Notes book I had also ordered to compliment one another for my Senior.
"It is very thought-provoking.  Hopefully, Americans will not allow this to happen to our civilization. Winston and Julia had a tough time."
I had this book back in 1984 and loved it.  So much of it is prophetic for the time we are in even though it is fiction.  great read
"But for the price I paid, I will take it. It is an interesting read for anyone in a history class."
"I am enjoying reading this for the second time.  I,m finding it very interesting and thought provoking even the second time around."
1984 is a fictional book which brings a world of fright and hatred in which the main character lives in a latent state of rebellion. It is just exhilarating and must be read by anyone who likes books.
"This volume is for people who are obsessively involved with Orwell's masterpiece ""1984"". To put it simply, this volume shows Orwell's handwritten original pages to the manuscript (including omissions) alongside corresponding pages that show the same information except in typed form so that the omissions may be clearly read. It shows the author's development in real-time, as he progressed, determining what he felt was appropriate for the final draft. You can clearly see Mr. Orwell changing  passages, adding (and omitting) certain details and trimming down (for effectiveness) a work that was to be one of the most influential literary dystopian warnings our world has yet seen. If you are a true fan of this novel (1984), The Facsimile will blow your mind. It is of a much larger size (nearly 11x17), is filled with insight, and will keep you reflective on a text you may have read and re-read a hundred times. The detailed photos on every other page of Orwell's handwritten copy show the intimacy that lay behind his every word. The typed translations give you insight into what details were just marginal enough for him to erase or adversely, add to. If you STUDY 1984, TEACH 1984, or OBSESS over 1984, you will NEVER get tired of this gem."
"Every American should read 1984 and watch the German film, ""the Lives of Others.""  Both are stunningly and frighteningly accurate"
"With all the turmoil in the news, the NSA spying, IRS targeting groups, etc. I thought it was a great time to refresh my brain with 1984! Especially since the last time I read this WAS in 1984, in high school! Brave New World is next...."
"This novel is more relevant than it's ever been.  Orwell was off by a generation, but he clearly saw the future as it could be if we're not VERY thoughtful and careful."
"I have read 1984 over a dozen times in my 53 years. There are very few books I have read that often, certainly Fahrenheit 451 and perhaps Animal Farm.  1984 is a book I need to read every now and then just to make sure I don't forget the warnings in it and to enable me to see how much of what Orwell warned us about has already come to pass.It's an important book. I don't use the term lightly. Masquerading as a science fiction novel we have a clear view of our time and what's awaiting us bleakly presented to us by a wise, clairvoyant man.I disagree with some reviewers who feel the book was inspired solely by totalitarian Russia.  The book was written in 1948 and well after Orwell's experience in Spain fighting with other idealists in the International Brigade but he put a lot of his Spanish experiences into 1984.  If you read Orwell's Homage to Catalonia you can see how he discovered that there is no real truth; what masquerades as truth can be changed at will and varies from place to place, from hour to hour.  Certain streets in Barcelona changed their alliances in the civil war from week to week and had no memory that there had ever been a change.  Orwell came to help the Spanish and ended up being on a wanted list because of the unorganised nature of civil war.His idealism was replaced with cynicism and a clear capacity to see through the smoke and mirrors and most importantly, a talent for sharing his wisdom with us.I sometimes fantasise about the result if George Orwell and Ray Bradbury had one day got together to write a book......"
"I first read this 30 years ago in school.  At the time my teacher said that she would read it every 5 years and was shocked at how much closer to this reality we are getting.  At the time I shrugged off what she said.  Now I see what she meant.  Not only is this book a cautionary or prediction tale, it's beautifully written.  Take a few minutes just to look at the language of the first couple of pages.  Orwell appeals to all of our senses to bring us into the story."
"This classic is proving to be a look into the future for America. It is well written, and carries through without running aground. This should be required reading in schools, if only for the underlying warnings of taking your eyes off the government too long."
"The new generations should read this book; even if you've read it before, it bears reading again considering today's world. It sparks a primitive fear......."
"Horribly boring! My daughter asked me to read it with her. She is reading it for Honors English,,,,,poor thing! Would not recommend this to anyone."
"Orwell finished this book in 1947. In his novel he dealt with people whose every thought and movement was known by the government. Each apartment had a camera so there was never a time the government didn't know what you were doing.Having opinions apart from the government could result in torture, death or breaking of a person't spirit. I found this book troubling. It leaves you with a lot to think about."
Bought for my daughter for an assignment in her Senior English class and am absolutely thrilled that she is being exposed to such wonderful writing by a fantastic author!  Great read!
I bought it for my daughter. she liked this book. She thinks it met her expectation. Thank you. Nothing more!!!!!!
"Book had wear and tear just as advertised honest sale I was very happy none the less, I would definitely reorder"
great book esp with all the nsa bs thats going on and has been going on here on the us and it tells u the plan for us in the us
"Capturing people's thoughts and punishing them for it is terrifying to say the least.  The frst half of the book describes the world from a 1949 point of view, after WWII.  It predicts future abilities in 1984 of the ruling party to control the masses of people to do their will, whether by threats, torture, or mind control.  The main character is aware of the culture and tries to get beyond it, despite the massive impediments. Difficult to read."
"The parallels to modern society are shocking, especially when you realize this book was written 60 years ago. We did not even have computers at that point. We didn't have calculators. The foresight Orwell had when writing this is obscenely creepy. He knew what we were headed for before we were even headed in this direction. BEST BOOK I have read this month. WOW."
Strangely coincides the mediated society we are living on today. Orwell was on to something.  I understand why We are reading this book for my media effects on society class.
"I read this book because I knew it to be an important piece of literature and so I thought I should.  It certainly has a level of interest, a warning in its portrayal of society and government.  Much of the book read as a lesson book in both ideology and behavior.  It was dark and depressing and at certain times relentlessly stagnant and I suppose it was meant to be.  I'm glad I read it and I will certainly spend some time absorbing and evaluating the messages within the text and between the lines.  I can claim an appreciation but I can't say that I exactly enjoyed the book."
This was a book i need to buy for class. So not much to say other than that it was at a great price.
"Disturbingly prophetic, The current events starting from the last decade to the present in the media, military, government, the spy programs, the loss of privacy, Spying on private citizens, are all mirrored in 1984, Shocking that we have allowed our sacred freedom to be slaughtered & sold off... 1984 is now."
"I'm going against the norm here. I found the book difficult to read & stay with. The writing style, original copyright 1949, maybe too many unnecessary details to make points. I did appreciate the final ""Afterward"" by Erich Fromm. Here an overview and insights came together."
"This is a very famous book that a lot of people love, but it didn't really do it for me."
I had heard so much about this book I expected something better. In reality I had to force myself through it.
"kinda scary...that George Orwell knew what was coming.  big brother watching and controlling everyone and everything.  Maybe it is time for the people to overthrow the government, after all, our president seeme to support it when the people of other countries revolt,lets see what he thinks when Americans do it!"
Prognostic for the dawn of WW II.  Makes me wonder what we're reading today that will be similarly prophetic. Plot device if the main character reading Orwell's tenets was straining.
Daughter had it from the library and kept it for too long and the fines kept running up so I bought it.
i definitely suggest this book for reading. it`s the kind of book that will leave you feeling all sorts of different range of emotions
"Classic dystopian lines that make you interested in this Big Brother world,and where power of this party rules the roost. One has every detail of life monitored,and is much like how our society is spied upon. This has a prophetic influence  included , and it is written by the George Orwell himself."
It is scary to think George Orwell could so accurately depict the world under the absolute rule of a totalitarian government and could so predict the direction of the world today.  This should be on everyone's reading list.
"I decided to re-read 1984 to see how it fit in to the current situation in our society. I was dismayed to find that it is as timely as ever and equally as frightening. There are pages of the book that could come from today's newspaper and sections describing torture and brainwash that might as well have been about Guantanamo. Amazing that Orwell got so much right about how things would develop way back in the 1940s. Well worth reading again, and again and again..."
We need to be dry aware of where our passions take us...or do we? Should we just let the mind take us away to a base pae?
"Must to read, a book contain the deep thoughts that are going on long after the story is over. This book will change your thoughts..."
"Ha d to read this book in high school but didn't appreciate it until 40yrs later, will read more high school books."
"It happened not in 1984, but in 2008, when the Government of The USA decided that the people were no longer capable of taking care of themselves.  It was up to the all knowing Government  to take care of everyone, because the government knew what was best for the people."
Good book.  Fits right in with modern times. (Random words needed to fill in the word limit inserted here period)
"It's a classic, but I can't say that I really enjoyed it. It was easy to read though and I found myself returning to it quickly whenever I had time to read."
"Great book. It follows the life of a working man who has an ability that most other people around him seem to not have, the ability to think for himself. With this he gets himself into trouble with the government who is constantly watching everyone's every move. Has some great twist on love, friendship, betrayal, government surveillance, and overall government control. Great read highly recommend it."
George Orwell seemed to know what was coming in our world decades ago. Big Brother and Double Speak are coined phrases from this Intriguing book. Do yourself a favor and read it.
"We seem to be fast arriving at this state in our present government. Spying, ignoring the Constitution and vast numbers of our citizenry totally unaware and ignorant of what's happening. Will America wake up in time?"
I decided to finally read this book after holding it off since middle school. Very much enjoyed the enlightenment. This book was great.
"Very interesting read.  Kind of uncanny how the author foresaw the way some things could and would turned out for us.  When I read this as a teenager, I thought it was pretty intense and farfetched, now in my late fifties I am kind of freaked out how some things have actually turned out for us today.  It is way scarier than it was in 1974, when I read it the first time."
"I am glad I read this book after hearing about it all my life.On the upside Orwell created terms that have become part of our vocabulary (Big Brother, Double Think, Orwellian).  He paints a picture of a society in which individual freedom is monitored in every breath, and torture is justified by a higher purpose (sounds like what our society has become with NSA spying and hacking, water-boarding, history re-written, endless enemies, a continual war etc).  For those reasons it is considered a great book.On the downside, the story itself is not great.  The characters are not believable.  The writer does not have the gift to keep you wanting to turn the page.  In the end you are glad the book has come to an end.I recently purchased four ""classics"".  In Cold Blood, 1984, Fahrenheit 451, and On The Road.  The only one of these that is a great book is In Cold Blood.  The others may be considered great because of their ideas contained or their timeliness.  But of the four only In Cold Blood doesn't need crutches.  Perhaps Capote is the only ""great writer"" of the four.  Orwell and Bradbury being idea men, and Kerouac being some adolescent fluke (a Miley Ray Cyrus of his literary time)."
"When I was in high school in the '80s, it seemed that all of my friends were reading 1984. It was one of those books that I never got around to reading though. It was on my long list of things to read before I get too old. I finally purchased the book and read it. I am glad that no one really told me the plot. This book is sobering to me in light of current events. The ending is sober too, and really left me thinking. This is definitely a must read!!!"
"Better than advertised.  Almost like new.  Arrived earl.y.  As to the book, it is very graphic and well written.  If you like hate stories, this is an excellent read.  Much social value, if you use your imagination.  A political nightmare and a page turner."
"I purchased this for my employer,  she feels it is moving rather slow for her taste..for me who read it in College feels like ""wake and  smell the roses""...just saying for those of you who have not read this masterpiece!"
This was another required reading assignment for our grand daughter plus 30 annotations.  She really enjoyed it and was able to get it done in time for start of school.
"I am amazed at the imagination of George Orwell who wrote this book in 1948.  It is spooky that so much of this government intervention has come to pass of late, but I hope we are still a LONG way from the world of ""1984"".  It is a very gripping read with a somewhat gruesome ending!"
"Update # 2It's been over a year now since I read 1984 and I can't get it out of my mind. I didn't like it much when I read it...I still don't like the outcome, but you have to admire any book that haunts you like this one does. Orwell's ability to make me think about this story so consistently for such a long period of time is a credit to his greatness. It has become the book I love to hate and for that it gets another star.UpdateSo I have had a month to consider this book. I find myself thinking about it a fair amount. I now think the point of this book was to make people become outraged at the story. To use this story as a way to incite people to fight against Government control. To not let things get close to becoming this way. Since it was written around the time of war, Orwell may have sensed that the Government might consider using the war as an excuse to tighten the reigns on the population. Anyhow, if a book keeps me thinking like this book has, it gets an extra star.Original ReviewTo put it bluntly, and probably much to the dismay of many, I did not like this book. It was monotonous for the first few chapters - which I think was probably the point. The rest was OK until I got to the end. I'm not sure what the author was trying to say. Perhaps ""Just give up, you can't beat the Government"" or ""Give up on striving for anything, it won't happen in the end"" or even ""Every person is so insignificant that they might as well end it all now"". One might think the Government itself paid the author to put that out to make a point. In the end, to me, it doesn't matter. I didn't like the message that I read in it."
Great read. Be prepared to see the parallels...I re-read this book because of all of the hubbub surrounding the question of personal privacy issues. Much of the content really hits the nail on the head. Enjoy!!
Reading 1984 was in someways scary because there is so much that is already here.If I dared to carry on with my review I am sure that Big Brother would put me on hishit list. My review would be re-written in his own words of praise and peterb wouldno longer exist.
"1) Plot (3 stars) - In a future where you're every move is watched for unorthodoxy, one man dares to question and in so doing learns the truth about his society.  But at what price?  It was a good plot, though at times it moved a bit slow, and in many parts it was told in lecture as opposed to character discovery or dialogue.2) Characters (3 stars) - Winston is the nervous lead, gingerly stepping into more and more truth and danger.  Julia is the rambunctious female interest who boldly yanks him forward.  The two leads were good vehicles to push the plot, but neither was particularly memorable.3) Theme (5 stars) - This is the classic exploration of life under a modern police state, of what happens when people's fears cause them to give up their freedoms, and how those in power will continue to manipulate those fears to retain power.  It successfully predicted Eastern Europe under the Soviet empire, Mao's Cultural Revolution, and modern day North Korea.  Some like to also hold it up as an example of where the US is heading, but I find that connection a bit more tenuous.  Certainly the technology now exists to create much of the surveillance and data manipulation apparatus described in the book, but in Western countries like the US that same technology has been democratized, spread into the hands of the many, a counterbalancing phenomenon that was not prognosticated nor explored in the book.4) Voice (3 stars) - The prose was fine, but I didn't mark any sentences as particularly poetic, beautiful, or insightful.  Also, I found certain sections to be a bit ""lecturey.""5) Setting (4 stars) - Orwell successfully transported me into the mood of this dystopia--the greyness, the shuffling hunchback people nervously checking over their shoulders, the hopelessness of being trapped under the thumb of Big Brother.6) Overall (4 stars) - I'd recommend 1984 for the exploration of the dangers of the police state and the dark feeling of dystopia, though I wished there was more to the plot and characters."
Every Student should read this classic. One of George Orwell's best works if not THE best. Something that seemed so impossible to happen when I read it as a teenager is now a fact of life...
"I highly recommend this book to anyone who values their personal freedom.  I first read this book in the early 1960's and did not think too much of it at the time.  I am a law abiding, responsible person who loves the USA and am not part of any conspiracy group or movement.The book was published in 1949 and was required reading for a college level Political Science course I took in the early 1960's.  Although we knew it was a work of fiction, our instructor likened it to life in a ""totalitarian communist or socialists"" country. The life described in the book was totally foreign to life in a free republic like the U.S. Now, fast-forward fifty years to current political realities of life in the U.S. and one must conclude that Orwell was a prophet of the Moses class. Were we told in 1960 that our government would one day own or control major U.S. industries such as; banking, mortgage, insurance, automotive, health care and energy we would think the person making such a claim was totally uninformed or in need of psychiatric care.  On top of outright ownership or control is the added influence exerted on private businesses by government rules and regulations and it becomes easy to see that ""1984"" is now more fact than fiction.The traditional ""free enterprise, capitalists"" system seems to have given way to the concept of ""redistribution of wealth"".  Even salaries paid within private corporations, in some instances, is controlled by government.As if that wasn't enough, within the past year, our trust in government has been further undermined by learning that government agencies trusted with our most private and sensitive personal information (think IRS) have punished people for their political views as well as shared private information with other governmental and private organizations in violation of established law and regulations.The most recent cause for a healthy skepticism about our government follows the disclosure that the National Security Agency has been collecting untold amounts of phone, email and other electronic data on the communications of law abiding citizens without warrants or justification.  This coupled with the GPS tracking system causes one to wonder; just how much surveillance is really necessary?Like Orwell's 1984, our government officially makes promises it does not or cannot keep.  What was once the truth, now by virtue of political correctness, becomes hate speech.  Religious thought is criticized and demeaned and is being forced from the public square.  Government redefines or excludes certain traditional words from public discourse.Although I encourage anyone who desires to know about our founding principles to read any number of good books by our founding fathers, I believe it would do us all good to read Orwell's 1984.  Although a work of fiction it unfortunately rings very true."
"I specifically ordered a hardback version; instead, I received a paperback version in poor condition. I am Extremely unhappy with this purchase!"
"I had to read this book for school, and I was absolutely amazed. How could I cry while reading this, but not during Les Miserables? Haha"
This book was written in the 50's and is now more relevant than ever.  I can't imagine anyone not having read it.  I had actually read it a couple years ago as my second time in life.  I ordered this one for my son.
The ending is not happy and it makes the entirety of the plot sort of irrelevant. Winston lead a troubled life throughout and never achieves anything against big brother. It is definitely interesting though.
"Pros:- Keeps to the big picture, even through the details.- Accurately portrays a dystopian society- Constantly engaging. Creates and maintains a sense of peril and danger throughout- Has a refreshingly cruel ending- The repressive atmosphere correctly displays the levels of greed that the average man portrays even under constant surveillance and stressCons:- The romantic subplot was fairly unfulfilled... but it was meant to be rather bland"
This product is just as described. The book is not frayed or folded or marked. I have no complaints at all.
"And the most important.  Every single person should read it at least once...especially children or those in high school.  It is not only brilliant, but clearly shows what can happen if government is allowed to become too large.  Government is inherently evil and must be kept as small as possible.  'nuff said..."
Great reread would recommend it to everyone. I'm guessing when its required reading in high school it loses some of its value. Glad I took the time to down load and reread.
"Orwell's 1984 maintains its ferocity and dysthmic energy even after 60 something years. His writing is palpable, visceral, conceptually layered and displays the fascination with language along the lines of Joyce or William S. Burroughs. This masterpiece is wasted on high schoolers and should be banned, only to generate more interest in it."
Very well written. I am definitely a fan of Orwell's style. I enjoyed the book overall but it is not something I would normally pick up at the book store! I mean i'm 18-- probably why i'm into YA novels ya know?
"I bought and read this book because it is an absolute classic. I had already read Animal Farm by the same author, and I loved Animal Farm.1984 was a huge disappointment for me, considering how famous it is and how much I liked Animal Farm. It was exactly what I expected at every turn, to the point of being boring. It felt like the author was just ramming a political agenda down my throat. That agenda is ""government surveillance is bad."" I fully agree with that agenda, but I don't need to read a long polemic about it.The plot and characters were not compelling. It was frankly boring in large swaths."
"There is nothing much more I can say about this brilliant dystopic novel. Many would say it's the best in this genre and I would definitely agree. This is dystopic fiction for readers who enjoy being intellectually challenged.The author details his dystopic world beautifully. There is even a section in the middle of the novel with an essay that would stand alone proudly on any non-fiction shelf. Therefore I would call ""1984"" part fiction and part non-fiction. The author obviously did much research into socialism and communism to write this book.As for the protagonist Winston, I could feel his struggle and pain. The author slowly destroys the protagonist throughout the book and the ending is particularly powerful. However I don't want to reveal any spoilers by mentioning any details.This is the best dystopic novel ever written and I doubt it will be beaten anytime soon. If you enjoy dystopic fiction and you enjoy thinking, you will definitely enjoy this well researched title."
I read this book in school 50 years ago and was confident that America would never go this direction because we cherished some thing called a constitution.  I can't believe how far and fast we have fallen.  I enjoyed it then.  Now I got depressed after a few chapters this time and threw it away.  It was too prophetic.  book was printed and bound well and promptly delivered.
"I got the book in mail today. Very good condition. Almost like a new one. No folded pages. Just very little wear on the cover. For the price, I'm very satisfied."
"It's a classic novel....of course it was a good read. I've read it several times through the years, and I believe everyone should read it at least once."
My sister remembers my dad reading this book.. it's actually scary seeing as what's going on the last 25 years in this country... makes one NOTICE things more.. I would recommend that parents get their kids to read this book if they can..
"Reading George Orwelll's 1984 in post Edward Snowden America is almost surreal. Perhaps Orwell foresaw that Britain would wield surveillance like an unrestrained weapon, with London boasting more CCTV cameras than any other city in Europe. But he couldn't have guessed that the degree of surveillance he imagined in his worst nightmares, when he wrote the book, would be so easily surpassed by an out-of-control NSA in the United States. Nor that for the sake of convenience or a delusional sense of security, people would be so willing to reveal their every last thought to Big Brother simply by an appeal to their egos. Today's Big Brother need not to worry about formerly-illegal eavesdropping to capture ""thought criminals"" or flag their Google searches. Or torture without the threat of prosecution or sanction. He just needs to read their tweets. If he has the patience."
"I really enjoyed this book. I really don't feel like there is a whole lot to say about this book that you probably already don't know but I found it a good read that does make you think about the world at large. I remember reading Animal Farm before this book and I hated Animal Farm. As my friend Ben said recently about Animal farm, ""The book is good in what it is about but those damn pigs made me so mad."" Yup, ditto Ben. I felt 1984 had some interesting ideas and although for something like that to really happen is extreme, sometimes making something extreme brings out a point. Left unchecked the Government could easily absorb more responsibilities and when the Government starts fearing its own people, maybe there is some cause for concern. I feel this book is even more relevant with recent events coming to light about the NSA and Government spying, not just on its own inhabitants but the world as well. So how do we fight government take over and maintaining our individuality? The answer is simple, by reading books and having sex. I like this plan!If you haven't read this book then it I recommend giving it a shot.This book is on the Green Embers' Recommended List."
Been looking for this book forever in thrift stores and even new books stores.  No one had it in stock!
"If you haven't read this book, do it. The condition of the book when I received it was mint, and it was a fair price."
"Replacement of one I had in high school. Good reading again, Pretty much had forgotten what it was about. Read it."
1984's title is only 30 years too early. This is the modern world in a nutshell and one ignores its truths at their own peril. It used to be required reading in middle and high school and should be again.Modern and up to date this is forecasting of nation states future at is literary best!
"Read this as my second Orwell book (after Animal Farm -  which I liked). The message in this book is great, the style and quality of writing is very good at the start of the book, but seems to get a bit weaker, especially towards the end with paraphrasing sections of text, which was a bit of an effort to get through and seemed a bit repetitive.Overall a good book, subject matter, themes and ideas probably better than the actual execution, but a classic, hence a must read. Recommended but don't expect to be smitten away especially if you have already read Animal Farm."
"who read it but was not overly thrilled with it. He had read Animal Farm and thought this book would be as interesting, but said it wasn't."
This is really creepy in that it is so like what we are going through today.  I have given the book as a gift.
"Much of what Orwell described in his futuristic 1949 novel is now reality.  He wrote about flat ""telescreens"" that hung on walls like pictures, unthinkable in 1949.  Today of course, we take flat screen TVs for granted.  He described government Thought Police who punished citizens for thinking the wrong thoughts.  Today we have ""political correctness.""  He described an all-powerful, super invasive government snooping on citizens around the clock.  Today we have the NSA recording all our electronic communications, plus the CIA, FBI, IRS and a host of other agencies prying into every corner of our lives.  Read and decide for yourself the degree to which Orwell's Ministries of Truth, Love, Plenty and Peace describe the world in which we live."
"Welcome to the world of 1984, where the one and only goal of the ruling party is gaining more power and inflicting pain, making sure the entire population is obedient due to the party's own might - not due to the people's free well. A world with no emotion except fear, rage, triumph, and self-abasement. Everything else is destroyed, even the links between child and parent, between man and man,  and between man and woman. No one dares to trust a child, a wife, or a friend anymore; there's no loyalty except loyalty toward the party,  no love except the love of Big Brother, no laughter except upon a defeated enemy, no heart, no literature, no science, no beauty, and no curiosity. Only a world of fear and treachery and torment; a world that just grow more merciless by the day...This was one of the darkest books I've read in a while, where even at the end, the main story character is defeated body and soul. It was a so powerful, touching, heartbreaking and thought provoking read."
"This book is very current to what is happening in our world today! This classic will never outlive it's time! Societies today face huge hurtles and problems with too much central government control! The west very closely parallels this dystopian world oceania....and if we don't act fast and fight back we will live in a world with 24/7 surveillance and regulation in ""every"" activity of our lives. There will be no more freedoms or liberties. All will be run by the state and if you dissent; the punishment will be death. Our government is corrupt and full of lies. Now is the time to read this book."
Very disturbing to see some of the things I read were now reality.  Hard to believe it was written so long ago.
"I am using it for doctoral dissertation background material. Orwell and Huxley provide important side-by-side comparisons. Great value, arrived promptly and in good condition."
"A classic by George Orwell, I am glad to have ordered it. The hype this book has received given the natural security scandals that the US has been in has given this book life once again."
The book was ordered for my daughter for one of her advanced placement classes. The book was received in an reasonable amount of time. The rating is based on my daughters knowledge of the book.
Wanted to like it more than I did. Love science fiction but just could not get into this one. Finished it.
"My son whom is a Junior in HS was required to read this over the Summer 2013, for the 2013- 2014 school year. I had already read the book once years ago and I liked it. My son liked it a lot and breezed right through it. Made him think, and to me that is the best part!"
I little too depressing. I hope we will never see such a world as depicted in 1984 although one never knows. Recently the power of mass media over public opinion is becoming more and more frightening...
"Read the book.  It's got a few things wrong with what happens in the future.Like this all happened after 2001, not 1984.  And it's happening in the USA, not Britain."
"A powerful novel written in 1949 about one man's view and experience from inside a dystopian society where the government spies on its citizens continuously to stifle dissent, maintains the citizens in a state of constant fear by fabricating enemies and wars and tortures it's citizens when they're found to have incorrect thinking.  George Orwell's haunting examination of the natural inclination to resist regimented control by all-powerful authority figures, the desire to experience closeness and intimacy with another human (an act forbidden in this controlled society) with the recognition of the inevitable discovery and destruction by the state is a disturbing look at the inside of a totalitarian society.  Unfortunately, it appears that this is the direction in which Western, so-called democratic and free countries are heading.  The real eye-opener is the admission by the state rulers (and torturers) that perpetuating this living hell of a society was solely to accumulate and maintain ever-increasing amounts of power.  This is a clear-eyed view of the psychopaths (like Stalin, Hitler and, quite possibly, our current governments in the West) who gain power and manipulate the system in every way possible to strive for ultimate power, with no recognition of the cost to other's lives.  This book should be on everyone's reading list as a cautionary tale about how democratic countries can be hijacked by psychopathic rulers for their own selfish accumulation of power and how fragile freedom and liberty is."
"This is one of my favorite novels/essays. The characters are not extremely interesting or well developed, but the subject matter is relevant and should be studied."
"Much of NSA's previous work has been criticized as disingenuous, bland and excessively brief, but the agency seems to have completely reinvented itself in its latest work, ""1984: Blueprint for a Stronger Democracy."" The book details a utopian society in which a political dissident is transformed by a series of interactions with his benevolent totalitarian government and in the end comes to see that he does, in fact, love the state's omnipresent dictator, known as Big Brother.I have no doubt that we are making a great deal of progress in making this vision a reality, as government surveillance grows ever more powerful. Political dissidents might finally start to keep their views to themselves if they realize that their online activity is being monitored, and that inappropriate use of the internet will result in a visit from the government. But reading NSA's latest work left me deeply troubled, for it is clear that American citizens still have excessive freedom to communicate with each other. I can only hope that Edward Snowden's recent revelations about the scope of NSA's surveillance is just the tip of the iceberg.There are few other classics so relevant today as this one.10/10 would read again."
"If you have heard things described as Orwellian in the news or news commentary, then you need to read this book to get a true understanding of the term. It’s scary that so many predictions made in 1948 by George Orwell in his novel 1984 have come true. Some have come true in full, some in part and others, not yet realised, still have the potential to become manifest."
"Many have read this classic, in my case over 50 years ago.  But I read it in a different frame of mind; required reading with a test to follow.A second read in a new era with no exterior motive made this an excellent, but disturbing read.  In a new era where loss of privacy is almost taken for granted, talked about constantly, and likely to never return, this is a book to consider."
"When Winston Churchill said that democracy was the worse form of government, except for previous ones, he meant that we must now accept the boot in the face, until the end of time (well until you die).We must accept the global consensus, the V.E days, the rusty election cycle, compulsory education, the humiliation of the Christ. Churchill said we must accept the boot stamping on our faces, our kids faces and their friends faces, forever, because the past wasn't as good as getting kicked in the face! This is why he put two fingers up!O, how Winston's Zionist chums chuckled at this insider malarkey! Winston Churchill understood this message very well indeed, and George Orwell wrote fiction so as not to be eaten. But Orwell meant the West as Big Brother and events are unfolding as Orwell imagined, but Big Brother is today called the New World Order, but it is still watching you."
probably won't read the whole thing and just skim-read it.  the font is small too which isn't fun with glasses...
"The story develops into a futuristic nightmare which is not that far from being true in some aspects, comparing to other states of fear that the world has already known. A must read."
"Although it isn't an easy read, aren't the best novels that way.  I find myself thinking and telling my son, this was written in 1949!  It is like a guide book for North Korea.  Shhhh, Big Brother is watching."
"Interesting and frightening story about the ultra elite taking over the world.  The world Orwell describes in 1984 comes scarily close to North Korea of today with implications that the entire world could become like North Korea.  Many of Orwell's predictions have come true - as the NSA scans all of our communications, TV screens that can see and spy on viewers, surveillance cameras in more and more public places.  His description of continual war, fought be just a few (and drones) so that no one really cares is uncanny.  I read this book 40 years ago and thought it was far-fetched - not so today."
"But it really isn't in the upper echelon of books written. And I take issue with his ""sex as freedom"" theme that made no sense at all and occupied a third of the book."
"1984 is a must read, it is a book that portrays utopian society like no other. The story is about a totalitarian society located in Britian and surrounding countries that shows how a society can strive by monitoring everyone's personal space. There is always a news screen that watches over the people, cameras that can find anything and everything that happens inside their country. The struggle to become ""normal"" or what the main character believes is normal is strong, they try to escape their fate of being bounded by the highest class, ""Big Brother"". The development of this totalitarian society shows Winston, the main character, being brainwashed from missing words to losing memories.This book surrounds the idea that our society of communism is similar to such a community. Stalin's Russia, China's Mao Ze Dong, and Korea's Kim Jong Il can all be seen as this society's leader. With present day leaders, we find that this novel is trying to explain that we cannot have everyone being controlled, there must be freedom for the people to at least breath differently. As the story progresses, we find that their society succeeded, but as a result they lose intelligence. For example, they lose words such as ""bad"" and replaced it with ""doubleplusungood"". This small vocab is used to not have the people rebel, but it is simply not the answer to our current society."
"George Orwell's ""1984"" is one of those classics from the late 1940s that many may have vaguely heard of but not familiar with. Many may not be aware of  the origin of some common phases from the book that are widely used, e.g. ""double-think"", ""big brother"", ""newspeak"".  Not sure that it's still part of  most high school education curricula (where I read it in the late 1960s). I bought a copy (along with Orwell's ""Animal Farm"") for one of my post-college daughters who attended what is consider a superior high school, but she has not read either of them then. See my May 2014 review of ""Animal Farm"" on its Amazon page. (http://www.amazon.com/review/R3G6I5FLIJ4UKC/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm)The relatively short novel should be read by all as part of one's education, and if not in entirety, the appendix section give a few pages explanation of ""Newspeak"" language that should resonate with the use of similar on occasion by present day governments (including our own), corporations, etc. Newspeak can use words and phraseology that actually mean the opposite of  their traditional meanings. This book (along with ""Animal Farm"") is definitely worth a few hours of reading.The story is about one man's life in a totalitarian British society that's a thinly disguised copy (but on steriods) of Stalin's Soviet Union. Many of societal features described will be familiar to anyone who'd read objective first-hand accounts, or lived in places like the old Soviet Union, Mao's China, North Korea, and some other present day non-democratic countries. Some of the described governmental capabilities and controls are frighteningly modern-day as our present technology allows governments to more easily deployed systems like wide-spread video monitoring, communications monitoring, media/information control, etc.As I got older, the novel is a part my education that gives more appreciation of the wisdom of our country's founders in the way they wrote the Constitution, because they did not trust governments (really any people in power) in general to always have the public interests in mind. They set up the  US government to be split into 3 different independent parts to provide some checks against each other, there's a Bill of Rights that lists some fundamental things regarding what the government can and can not do, and the Constitution is, on a basic level, a limited list of enumerated federal powers, with all other powers (stated or unstated) reserved to the states and/or the people. Even having all that, we always need to be on guard for potential degradation of what the Constitution intends, e.g. enabling free politcal speech at any time, protection against unreasonable searches, protection against arbitrary government actions (legal right to contest actions before implementation), etc."
"Read the book because of hearing references of ""Big Brother.""  Interesting story line but gets a little deep in the middle of the book but finishes well."
"What can I add to the already multitude of reviews, essays, assignments, and imitations of Eric Blair's dystopia? Better people than I have critiqued this book. I will leave it to them."
This book was required reading at my high school.  More than Half of my lifetime ago.  I had ignored it then.  Skimmed it.  Forgotten it.  It never occurred to me then that Orwell was only off by about 30 years.
"***SPOILERS AHEAD***I have read BRAVE NEW WORLD (by Aldous Huxley), but I had never read 1984 (somehow missed that one through high school and college), so I recently decided to read it.  I loved it until about 2/3 of the way through. Orwell is obviously a talented writer.  However, 2/3 into it, the plot nose-dived into hopelessness.  Apparently, Orwell did not believe in the triumph of the human spirit---far from it. Look, I realize that not all novels will have a Jane Austen ending, but the main objection I have to this novel is that I don't buy Orwell's premise of the possibility of an all-powerful, almost all-knowing government existing and being tolerated by the majority.  Believe me, I'm no Pollyanna, and I believe there are enough ""useful idiots"" in our society to ruin it . . . just not to the extent that Orwell portrays in 1984.  Big Brother's tactics are too obvious to be tolerated by the majority.  We never see how the society got to the point where people were somehow willing to be not only spied upon 24/7, take orders from the telescreen, allow children to be in a Spy League and report their own parents, and blithely accept PUBLIC revisions of history with not a murmur. Perhaps if that had somehow been explained, I would have found it more plausible.  I realize that governments often try many of these tactics with some success, but not without some sort of resistance from the public---whether the public in that country or in another. I simply don't believe that there would be such wholesale buy-in when the motivator is fear.  In this novel, Orwell makes Big Brother almost a god that cannot be beat.  If the vision he has is that it is utterly hopeless, what's the point of writing novel?  If Orwell intended it as a ""warning"" against allowing totalitarian regimes into power, he should have included some idea of how one gets from A (freedom) to Z (complete, utter slavery to the government); to me, that's the missing piece of this novel.I am much more inclined to believe Huxley's dystopian vision is the more plausible one. In BRAVE NEW WORLD, people conform because they are so steeped in vacuous entertainments (e.g., casual sex, movies based completely on feeling, drugs, etc.) that they allow themselves to be ruled.  That's a subtler form of slavery where the mind of the majority is captured by the ruling powers because the majority willingly allows their minds to be captured.  That is much more plausible, to me, than Orwell's dystopian prediction in 1984.  Also, Huxley's vision still takes into account (more realistically, I might add) that human beings will still ultimately be human beings.  Orwell's novel does not.Ultimately, though, both novels (and, indeed, all dystopian visions like them that I've read) never take God into account.  They portray societies where humankind has the ultimate power.  Thus, for Christian readers, such novels may not be as scary as for others because we know that ultimately, God is in control, not human beings.I'm glad I read the novel, but it is not one that I will re-read."
"I liked this book, and as a 17 year old, I naturally have a slight distrust for authoritative figures. 1984 is a brilliant example of things that are happening now, with NSA surveillance and wire tapping within the government walls. The fact that it can easily be tied into today's society make it that much better."
"Amazing for a book that was written in 1948.  Must read even if you have read it before.  Now I know where the word ""Orwellian"" comes from."
"Worst ending ever! But, still a great book. Gives you a look at totally different world of a utopian society and makes you thankful that you are where you are right now."
"Having heard for years about this apparently ""must-read"" book, I was a bit disappointed that it gets terribly bogged down in places and is not nearly as gripping as I expected it to be."
Book was received in perfect condition. Nothing to complain about. The book itself was overall pretty interesting see how one person progression throughout the book kept me enthralled. A tiny slow at first but picked up quite heavily when the protagonist meets a certain someone. Overall good book.
"Book arrived in condition expected. Book was purchased as new, and condition of book is new. All parts of book are clean and there are no bent or torn pages."
"Book was recommended by friendsI liked reading it because it is getting to be so realIt was a bit of a hard read, for me."
I just read this book for the the first time since high school over twenty years ago. I was able to understand so much more.  I want to recommend this to everyone again.  The ways of controlling society are real and present in our reality. Geniuses.
"Today's politics lean towards 1984 in many ways.  Not so much in totalitarianism but the absolute absorption of certain people into political dogma.  Denial of science, history, facts, common sense, and believing in a reality that is crafted by their masters.  No diversion from the ideology is tolerated.  Heretics are purged through purity tests.  The sane are labeled insane.  A constant drift towards less tolerance and more brutality to the those who are not part of the Party.  Doublethink is in full force today in many places and the faithful embrace Slavery as Freedom.Orwell was prescient about the future, he was just a few years off.  Read 1984 in this context, and it will chill you to the bone."
I purchased this book for my daughter since it was required reading for school. Having the book available on Kindle will have it available for future use.
Many things were rushed but had a good story line. I liked this book and I recommend it as a high school level.
"This book is part of our culture now, the quotes from it are famous and often used. And indeed, the best part of the story is the description of how twisted PR can be and how ridiculous such a twisted PR actually is. In this sense it is a distant cousin of Chaplin's Dictator. On the other hand, Orwell had some aspiration for explaining a totalitarian society and on this account he fails.  Much better artistic explorations of totalitarian systems were created with much deeper understanding of human nature and society. The movie Mephisto comes to my mind, but the examples are numerous. Probably the only insight in the book is that absurd PR has no chance of succeeding without thorough surveillance."
I reread this book because of current events.  Am still amazed at the insight Mr.Wells had when he wrote the book.  Even though it is clearly fiction it gives a very clear warning for today.
"This book should be a must read for everyone, even if only for a cultural reason, because Orwell's ""1984"" brought the terms 'Big Brother' and 'Orwellian' into common usage. It's message is not one to take lightly."
I read this for university and found it okay. It was not as bad as I expected but is still rather scary and intense!!Here's hoping this future never eventuates... We're not so far away from it.
"One of the must read books! I re-read it recently and compared to when I first read it about 15-years ago, found the messages deeper and even more thought provoking."
"The book is a household name, and for good reason.I'm not going to write a detailed review, the book fares well enough on its own. All you need to know is that this book should be read; it is a memorable, important work of art on the nature of totalitarianism."
"This is a must read for anyone who thinks that a government of man is to be trusted with anything.  In this book, the ruthless rendition of the horrible resolution of the world that is Oceania leaves the reader with absolutely no hope for the future within the context of the book.  Reading it is first suspenseful, then anxious and finally traumatic.  And I think that George Orwell intended this.  At the end I think he is much less concerned with being realistic as he is with bleeding out a theoretic nightmare to its conclusion.  The scary part about the finality of 1984 is that without an intervention of power that is above man, Orwell's rendition of the world that would inevitably result through man is like O'Brian both, hard to argue with and wickedly ugly... The book chokes you and provides no escape within itself.  But looking beyond, it's just a pouring out of one mans philosophy...  Take heed as you read and don't go crazy."
Still a great classic.  It's scary to see how the scenes in this book are more of a reality than Orwell probably thought.  This should be required reading for every kid.
My only complaint is that I should have read this book earlier in my life when I had the chance. Classic.
"Loved this book. Its really truly sad how the U.S. is going down the authoritarian path. It also goes to show that Big government socialism i.e. welfare is not the way to go. I would suggest reading ""Power Divided is Power Checked: The Argument for States' Rights"" after reading this book.If only we moved to states rights could we actually see different economic ideas play out. Who knows maybe a limited socialistic economy with a federal government that protects that states rights from other states instead of intruding on state rights might actually work. Maybe a negative income tax would work or even we could just see plain old free-market capitalism working?We've lost all experimentation in this country."
One of my favorite books that Orwell wrote on his deathbed. Knowing a bit about Orwell makes this classic even more interesting.
"This book was very inspirational. I read it in high school. Halfway through the novel I knew I loved the dystopian setting and wanted to write a book like it. The oppression imposed on the characters only leads the reader to wish they will break free. Certainly a tale of “David and Goliath.” The story is dark and depressing, again making the reader invest all hope in the characters’ fight for some sort of freedom."
I have always had difficulty reading this book because it's BORING.  I recommend to other bored readers and attempted readers: get over it and plow through the book for its value.
"The was an interesting book. I would recommend it if you really want to understand what socialism is really about and how it possibly might work with a ""new world order"" concept."
"A disturbing and well-written book, justifiably famous.  I am glad that I finally read it.  The author was also a very interesting person."
"Just because a book has great significance doesnt mean its any good. I couldnt care less about the importance of this book because the book itself is so terrible. It may be the most boring book I have ever read. Sure, buy it, I know with so many great reviews you are going to anyways. But it is a big mistake and you will regret it.The book just makes me feel bad when I read it. And not because of the subject matter, just because of the absolutely terrible writing. I mean this is terrible literature. The book just sucks. You literally get a sick feeling because its so bad.Even though I know that the things in this book are happening now in real life, and that this is the piece of work many people reference when talking about those things, I cant get over the fact that the book itself was and is absolutely terrible."
"I read this book in college, but found it much more interesting & riveting with this re-reading 25 years later. Orwell was way ahead of his time."
"THIS BOOK IS DARK,  DREARY, DEPRESSING AND  SOMETIMES PREACHY.  BUT IN  THESE  TIMES WHEN SPEED AND  CONVENIENCE OFTEN SUPERSEDE PRIVACY, THIS BOOK DEFINITELY GIVES THE READER SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT."
"All one has to do is read the headlines of today... the NSA scandal, the IRS scandal, cities declaring bankruptsy and morality becoming socially unacceptable or something to be mocked."
"This is an intense book but well worth the reading.  It does have some material in it that is adult, I for one don't like BUT!~~ ALL in all this book really opens ones eyes to what is happening in AMERICA today and has through the years prior.What Goverment can become if they forget it is  For the People and BY the people."
A haunting cautionary tale with a gut punch of an ending. This book is a classic that is still relevant to our time. Important reading for anyone who values individuality and freedom.
"Hits pretty close to home with what the governments everywhere are doing today, even though written 60 plus years ago."
Agenda 21 more accurately reflects reality of what is about to happen. There is a disconnect in the book that does not conform to reality.
"Here's something you don't see everyday: a more or less negative review of 1984.  Let me be clear; it's not a bad book.  But once you consider how much people tend to hype this up, and constantly refer to it as an example of what would happen if we let fear force us to give up our civil liberties, this book is over the top.  Seriously, the dictatorship in this book makes the Nazis look like the Peace Corp.  Fake wars, mind control, and cameras in your toilet are some of the things citizens in 1984 have come accept as normal.  Seem far fetched? It is.If you can look past the in-your-face political agenda of this book, then the story is OK.  The protagonist is not exactly an interesting or personable character, and while intentional, makes the book more work than pleasure.  If you want to read it for the story, fine, but don't ever take this as a serious look into society.  Do yourself a favor and read Orwell's Animal Farm instead, which is essentially a book about the same concept except crafted much more artfully.  If you must read something about a utopia with an oppressive society, get Brave New World by Aldous Huxley.  Much better story overall in my opinion, with a more subtle and relevant political message."
"I found this book ""creepy"" reading it for the 2nd time for book club.  It is too close to the reality of what we are experiencing presently under this administration and ever increasing government regulations and intervention into our lives.  It was a awake call for all of us who value community, freedoms, and the meaning of our constitution.  We are being ""brainwashed"" by the mainstream media and our government with ""the speak"" efforts.  Very scary!"
"After finishing this book, which became a chore at times, I needed to enjoy some REALLY good books by C.S. LEWIS. 1984 depicts a world that is an all out worst case scenario to say the least. We are not there yet, thank God!"
"This is story of the past, but when it was written it was the story of the future.Orwell sets the scene in which the goverment of 1984, led by Big Brother (much like the governments of today), has become adept at saying white when it really means black, and black when it really means white.  There is the Department of Truth, which is in fact the department of lies.  Then there is the Department of Love, which is the department of war.  Basically, what you see is NOT what you get.Winston, our protagonist, is saddled with the responsibility of ""keeping records,"" which he does sitting on a stool and changing forever the face of history by altering what is said in the newspapers of the past.Winston falls in love with a woman and makes the mistake of opening up to a man who he later finds out is part of the government goon squad.  The latter tortures him to no end, or, I should say, until Winston agrees that two and two makes five.  Only then is he released to drink gin and wait for the Grim Reaper to come along.I only read this book twice, but I got terribly torn up and pretty much fell apart during the part at the end where he is sitting at the Chestnut Cafe drinking rot gut gin and trying to reflect on the past, but having been tortured and brain-washed that has been rendered a bit difficult.  He is waiting to die.Man, what an incredible book!Five stars.  Rick says if you get depressed easily, perhaps you best NOT read this book."
"This book is great and I would recommend reading it in conjuction with WE,Brave New World, and maybe even Animal Farm. Huxley wrote his book in 1932 and Orwell's book ""1984"" (that was written in 1949) carried the genre to greater heights, which is why ""1984"" is the most known of the mentioned 3 books.In ""Brave New World,"" Huxley successfully predicts the future of genetic engineering. There are no parents or families, death no longer elicits emotional reactions, and men and women are expected to have with innumerable sexual partners. The society is genetically altered into class divisions known as Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Epsilon. Alphas are the most intelligent, have the most important jobs, and have the most free will. In contrast, Epsilon's are the least intelligent, have the worst jobs, and have the least amount of free will. The society displayed is one that needs entertainment to be happy and live for a drug known as soma, which removes all pain and makes them ""happy.""""WE"" is most like 1984 in the prediction of how the future will be.  They both see people losing their personal identity and becoming just a number.  ""WE"" is written in first person, as a journal entry of D-503's life. He lives in a city that is surrounded by a green wall and in a society where people have no names, just numbers, and follow a strict schedule for work, sleep, leisure activities, and even sex. The journal explains who he is, his daily schedule, and eventually gives a detailed account of his inner thoughts as he wrestles with the idea that all is not as it appears with the world. All this begins when he meets I-303 for the first time. (That is all I will say - no spoilers here.)""1984"" centers around one character, Winston.  Winston is living in the UK which is under the control of BIG BROTHER.  In this society, one must do, think, say, and appear as if they believe and follow what BIG BROTHER wants.  Cameras are everywhere, even inside houses.  Kids report parents for deviating from what the ""Party"" wants.  Fellow citizens look for small changes in your face or activities that might be evidence of ""thought crimes.""  In this society, one must only think it to be convicted of the crime.  As Winston lives his life, he hides a secret from everyone hoping one day to find others who do not agree with the doings of the ""Party.""  He meets a woman, and they embark on a journey to find the underground resistance that is against BIG BROTHER.  Their lives will be forever changed because of this decision.I think that all of these works are relevant today to read or re-read.  I would recommend these books to anyone.  Happy reading!"
It's a good book it's older I had to read it in high school did like it then but like it now
"Whatever one might say about the merits of the Orwellian worldview of the totalitarian state (which eerily  resembles in modern liberal state in quite a number of ways), I don't think many would deny that the book is extremely well written. It's very engaging, very creative, prophetic (as many have pointed out - NSA, anyone?) and, at the conclusion of every chapter, left me with a desire to uncover what happens next.But I think it's precisely the Orwellian critique of the totalitarian state that makes the book so important. This book is a treatise on precisely what modern liberalism has to wrestle with because it begs over and again the questions of what might finally happen when you've stripped language of its value, invaded personal liberties and property rights for the sake of safety, turn health-care over to the highest governmental controls, robbed parents of the responsibility to provide an education for their children, eliminate or oppress all rival philosophies to the state (whether it be the Church, charities, public debate, or the villainizing of other countries), etc. -- in other words, the dangers of the liberal political philosophy, in both its ideals and habits, taken to the logical conclusion. And even if one were to say that this is not the only conclusion possible for the liberal state by suggesting that this happens to be the worst of the possible outcomes, it is still no trivial matter to scrutinize the risk of taking political roads which may bring us to this destination.Nineteen Eighty-Four is a book well worth your time to read, probably, even more valuable to study, and certainly an addition to my list of books to read every year."
"I read 1984 in high school and had the impression ""yeah, sure!"" With the landscape of today, I felt like I needed to reread the story and it's as relevant for today."
The imagined dangers of a complex society. but as technology continues to advance it is amazing how much the threats portrayed in this book become more possible without all the bureaucracy. As we switch to a more and more digital world and hard copy paperback starts to fall to the wayside with a keystroke and an auto correct massive amounts of record could be changed or wiped out.
"Truthfully, I didn't like this book to begin with, but as I read farther it eventually became more interesting. It really brought many issues come into light and makes you think and relate to matters today. Good book."
I read this for the second time after several decades. It is an important read for anyone paying attention to current events and a critical read for those not yet paying attention.
"Heard a zillion references to 1984 all my life, so perhaps I had too high if expectations.  Fell to sleep during a entire chapter where Winston literally reads a manifesto out loud to his girlfriend.  Frankly, I fear Big Brother more now, but because that world is lonely and boring, more so than intrusive."
Great book. Has stood the test of time. Had read it 50 years ago and it is still as good with a great twist.
"Written many years ago but one can compare what the author had to say about ""Big Brother"" and compare that to where we are today."
"Although only fully to be understood by reference to the immediate post World War II situation in which it was written, Orwell's great novel is like a lens which can be looked through both ways with equal value. One sees where his ideas may have come from in 1948...but his genius in extrapolating where they might possibly lad, not in German, nor Russian society...but in our own is horrifyingly acute. To take a quick example: aspects of newspeak clearly come from the fascist and soviet love of shortening phrases into neologisms: ""Stasi"" or ""Comintern"" surely was the genesis of MINITRU. But what would Blair have made of the instant messaging garble of our day? Our English language has indeed contracted, as he predicted so cannily. And on and on..."
1984 is a great classic novel that everyone should read. A dystopian society that actually scares me a little bit.
The book was received in excellent condition and is very timely despite the fact that it is three quarters of a century old.  Highly recommended.
"I have always heard the terms Orweilian and Big Brother. I Knew big brother meant big obtrusive government. I had never read 1984 until now. I highly recommend any adult to read it. I have heard on the news it was prophetic.... No I don't think so. It is more of a instruction manuel for big government and in the the reader feels like its useless to fight against the Government.How to have absolute power-Control written History, rewrite to make party predictions correct. (unemployment down?)Control news.Have children spy on their parents.Watch everyones every move , electronically.Encourage love of leaders.Keep poor populations dependent on government handouts by making i too hard to move to the next class. Who would want to work more if they lose food assistance?Making thoughts a crime.Control food and medical supply.Control education.Be in a state of perpetual war. ( including false flag terror attacks )Baiting people to commit crime.Secret government control of anti government group. Creating recruiters and literature to entice people.I'm not rocket scientist but it sounds like our government has read this book."
great book.  read it because its a classic.  now that i've read it i can see how it influence so many things like star trek that i watchen when growing up
Not to far from where we are now rather spooky! Give it about five yrs or less.  Would highly suggest it shiuld be  a must as school material.
It was rather slow reading for this day and age.  The basic story is frightening from the point that all of this could and is happening to us at this moment.  Big Brother is watching what we say and do.
What a masterpiece! First read this in high school and now I realize it was wasted on me. But now...
"I ordered 1984 because I remembered reading it in high school.  With all the events taking place in our society today, it reminded me of the book.  Sure enough - Big Brother is alive and well in the USA."
"I liked 1984.  Our country is advancing rapidly in the direction of ""Big brother is Watching you"",  and the ""masses"" are getting more and more like the ""proles"" in the book - head in the sand, so to speak, while our ""government"" is ruining the USA.I'll bet this ""review"" is never printed because of ""political correctness"".."
"Orwell was a prophet. Having witnessed the bolshevik terror in Russia, this was his 'wake up call' to the world. He was chillingly accurate - just look around."
"This is still one of my all-time favorite books. I find that every time I read it, I appreciate Orwell's vision even more. While we don't live in a totalitarian country, we still have the shadow of Big Brother looming over us. We may think we have privacy, but we certainly don't.Orwell's message is as timely today as it was when he first published this work. A true classic and must read."
"There is nothing I can say to add to the countless synopsis you will find online except for: READ THIS BOOK, it is a must!"
This is a very interesting book that brings up good points and makes for great conversation it is a good mind opener and  i recommend it
"Wow. Quite eerie. What a foretelling of where we may head. We are getting closer, the constant surveillance is already here.Beautifully and masterfully written. Great read!"
"I read this in high school as a freshman and I can honestly say that I appreciate the story even more now after having revisited it years later. With the brewing conflict between the American government and the First Amendment rights of her citizens (such as drones, licence  plate scanning, and driving pattern recording) this novel by Orwell isn't just a good read, but an *important* one in the context of these future debates."
This book was written shortly after the end of WW II and outlined the fears Orwell had for the future.  It is still thought-provoking today.
"I struggled at 46 to read this book. I can't imagine how my 17 year old self would have done it.However, now that I've lived 46 years and have seen the worlds changes, wow this book, this author really had a telescope into the future.I suggest reading it, no pushing through it just to compare Orwell's vision and how it horrifyingly matching the dircting in which our ""now"" world is heading.This would be a great read if rewritten today."
This novel should be a requirement to graduate high-school across the planet.  This story has so much to tell and does it extremely well.  Probably my favorite book.  10/10.
I read 1984 years ago...still an amazing book. Frightening to think that this could be a reality...sooner than we know.
This is a beautiful classic literature that everybody should read.  I read it when I was in my 20s but I wish I had read it when I was younger.  His messages still speaks to us today and will always do so in the future.
"1984 provides an interesting plot for students to engage with. The dystopian features of the novel provide students with many issues to discuss; what is freedom? what is humanity? what is ethical? As such, it prompts good discussion in classes and often manages to get students invested in the book."
"George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty Four is truly a book about big brother. The characters are living in a time when government is in complete control, scrutinizing their every move. A classic in literature, and who knows maybe we will be living like this someday. Although, I certainly hope not!"
"As he states at some point in the book: the best books are sometimes the ones which say what's in your mind in an organized and concise way. I had developed most of the concepts shown in this book through my life by classes and other books, but he turns them into an incredible prose and story. This is easily one of the best books of all time."
"I read this back in the 80's. I read it again to get a good wake  up call. How many ideas from the past have come to pass. Quite a few. We now have robots, phones that you can converse with, gone into space and the moon, have cars that can park themselves, working on cars that  can drive themselves. All this has come to pass.Hopefully the ideas in this book will not. But I fear we have already headed down that path.If you have never read this book, do so now. It is a real eye opener on how much Big Brother is already into you everyday lives.JP"
George Orwell's classic take on the future of humanity is such an insight for today's political turmoil and the struggles faced by so many
"Regardless of your political preference, this book is a must read if you believe that the government is an entity that cannot be trusted.  You'll find many of the dark tidings the story describes have already taken place in our modern society."
"I don't think Orwell meant for this book to be a blueprint for the us government but sadly they have followed it to the letter...apparently Orwell saw what was coming 60 years ago and for anyone that can pull themselves from the ""telescreen"" and would like to get a better grasp on the direction we are heading should definitely read this book."
"What can one say about '1984', especially in light of all the recent scandal involving massive warrantless invasion of privacy and domestic spying by our own government? Orwell's prescience was depressingly spot-on."
"Really awesome book, great story, loved the plot. George Orwell is a great story teller and writer. Would recommend this."
"Read this book and then wake up and smell the coffee.  Orwell prophesied our world of today, 100% accurately. Get this book.....and read it.  Eye opening in its truths."
"That George Orwell really knows how to scare the pants off a person.  He wrote about angered animals revolting and taking over a farm, and now it's an all-encompassing, all-powerful government that controls every facet of its constituents' lives, right down to their very thoughts.1984 was primarily written during the years 1947 and 1948 and was published in June of 1949.  By the year 1989, Orwell's novel had been translated into 65 different languages, more than any other English-language novel at that time.  Throughout it's entire publication history it has been either banned or legally challenged somewhere in the world.  In 2005, Time magazine listed it in its ""100 best English-language novels from 1923-2005.""  It was also listed at number 6 in the ""Modern Library 100 Best Novels.""1984 follows the life of Winston Smith as he struggles to conform.  We get a first-hand look at the fear and distrust that rules his every thought and action.  Reading 1984 will definitely help you to appreciate your own situation, no matter how bad it may seem.  And if you're unclear on just exactly what a dystopian novel is, this is it.  This is the book that defines the genre.Frank Muller is one of my very favorite audiobook narrators, and a perfect fit for 1984.  His grit and solemnity serve to augment the funerary feel of the audiobook.  Muller has been a stage and television actor, but is most famous for his audiobook narration having narrated hundreds of novels.  He died in 2008 after many years of complications from a motorcycle accident in 2001.I think everyone should read 1984 at least once, and that time you were forced to read it in school doesn't count.  This is a good reminder of how things might have been, if history had turned out just a little bit different.  And any audiobook narrated by Frank Muller is worth a listen."
"This movie is a must watch for everyone! Orwell was ahead of his time ""MIND CRIMES""  And brown shirted children"
Outstanding imagination of Mr. Orwell in the mid 1940's. The tale is eerily possible and well developed. I read it in only a few sittings and the ending was appropriate. In every situation we always hope for the best but often don't get it. Something between is the usual result. Winston knew what was coming and Orwell couldn't stop it.
This book is scary because it depicts much of what this broken world is coming to. It makes one wonder what can be done to fix this situation.
"I did not get the book I ordered, instead I got the book Artemis Fowl: The Opal Deception by Eoin Colfer"
This book should be in school to teach our kids exactly what to look out for and make sure this never happens honestly poor Winston and Julia I really wanted them to be happy together down with Big Brothe
"My entire family is interested in reading this book since they became aware of the extent to which our personal data is being accessed.  Having the ""honor"" of being the oldest in the family, I am familiar with the storyline after having seen either a movie or TV programs many years ago featuring Edmund O'Brien.  It is a compelling story and makes one wonder what else is in store for us."
"The quality is good. If you haven't read it, it's necessary reading. Everyone today is worried about Government Spying and Privacy. You'll often hear the words: Orwellenian, Big-Brother, etc. If you use these words or have said them; you need to have read this novel. It's as contemporary for today as it was for the day written.We read it in high school in 1976--- and I remember when 1984 came and went and nothing happened. But, NOW it's happened just like the book. Big Brother is here, and He are US!!! This will open your eyes Wider. I'm re-reading it after many years.Don't short yourself--- readers of all ages; This is a MUST READ."
"First time I read this book it was staggering. Very important book, as modern today as anything else. Orwell was a genius"
"I first heard of this book in the early 70's in high school, and discussions would ebb and flow over the years depending on current events, but I didn't buy it.  I'm glad I finally did.  Technology can work for our good or be perverted to our detriment.  This book still has a chilling impact even today.  Imagine had I read it in 1971.  I was computer savvy for the day, and although the Univac and IBM mainframes, and those dreaded punch cards(!), were hi-tech at the time along with my slide rule, today my smartphone is annoyingly smarter than me!  But, is it watching me?  No more anonymity, BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU.  Are my thoughts my own or is the Thought Police hiding in the deep recesses of my brain?  Are my hopes and dreams safe?  This book is more timely now than ever before.  A very good and highly recommended read."
I remember a film from my teens called 1984 but the book was so much richer & thought provoking. A great read!
After just reading Atlas Shrugged this book is way out boring and not sure what the hype is? I will keep trying to get through it but a struggle; maybe it will get better!
Simply - I find it very hard to read. I haven't finished and prob won't. Don't feel like wasting the time.
"I'm only embarrassed I didn't read this classic sooner. After completing this novel, I suddenly found myself questioning the politics of my country and becoming a more actively involved citizen - you need to know who is pulling your strings!"
Every 10 years reading this book gets scarier and scarier. Not looking forward to the next read - the book may not exist.
A must read for all if they have any concerns about the direction of our great country.a real eye opener
"One of the classics of fiction, 1984 is a must read for everyone.Through its work the book explores and examines censortship, control and governance in a manner that is quite interesting - and disturbing. It brings many questions to mind and gives you a good read with real conflicts. You'll feel bought into the world and considering the issues and conflicts as you read it and leave it with many thoughts, questions and new views."
"The material is what I expected.  It arrived on schedule, no problems and I would order again if I was looking for additional books."
"We are so far headed into the 1984 Orwell warned us about, I had to get the book to re-read so I could remember what I forgot when I read it the first time - scary stuff, but it is already happening. I wouldn't be surprised if writing this review didn't bring the black SUVs to my doorstep."
"A timely book for our current times.  Although this is a work of fiction, directed mainly at authoritarian governments following WW II, it has much that is applicable to us today.  1984 could happen any time."
"Not the easiest read in the world, but well worth the slog.  There's so much in this book to think about, especially in regards to the world today."
"I read this book in 1967, when I was in the 10th grade. I thought it was ridiculous, something that could never happen, at least not in the United States. I mean, really, ""Big Brother Is Watching You."" Totally preposterous. I actually had to read this book and take a test or write a paper on it for a grade.Fast-forward to 2012. Say hello to the ""new reality.""I bought this book to read it a second time, and this time, not for a grade.It's a good book, bound in red and black, and it will look nice on a shelf in our library.OK, I'm old-fashioned, but I still read books that are printed, bound and take up shelf space."
"If you have not read George recently, do so now. George will help you understand government today. And that is without doubt sad but true."
"I don't care for books of this nature,  extreme torture, and mind control..It just didn't appeal to me at all..and I didn't finish the book"
"Read this book many years ago, and found it  very interesting, especially for the time it was written!This one was for my Grandson, who had never heard about it."
What took me so long to read this book.  It was  amazing.  Will read again and again....  I loved it.
It was very slow in the beginning but then it picked up around the middle. The end was better but it still wasn't as good as I expected. l give it 3 stars.
"Although I read this book years ago, I decided I needed a refresher since much is being said about it in the news today.  My husband and I drove from CA to CO this summer, and we took this little book along.  WOW!  We kept repeating, ""That's happening NOW!  That's happening right NOW!""  And with all the current NSA stuff in the news, all readers can't help but see the connections.  The scary thing is that Orwell wrote this book in 1949.  How did he know?  What link did he have to our current situation?  That's the freaky part.  Anyway, listening to the book made our drive a pleasure.  We also listened to Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand and would recommend this as a companion to 1984.  But be prepared:  Atlas Shrugged is 50 disks long!  Still... riveting!  :)"
"Some may want to see clearly what can happen after ""FundamentalChange"" fromPersonal Liberty,PersonalEffortProactivity&Excellence fed by human self interest,and a responsibility to God and Family first adhering to laws of the state.  The control of ProgressivesBB will kill you and your ideas and dreams.Given today's America you will want to read ""Future Shock"" written in 1970 by Alvin(&Heidi) Toffler after the futuristic 1949 Orwell text.Do the research educated lover of America."
"Chilling to see the insight Orwell had considering this novel was written in 1948. What was deemed a case of raving paranoia for years, is now more truth than fiction. Big Brother (the government) has tracked every step we take."
"As always, Amazon delivers. Great price for a damn good book, no complaints, delivered right to all of my Kindle devices, and off I went."
"I first read this book in paperback about 25 years ago. I bought it in kindle format because it is portable and I can see the print more easily but also and more importantly, the world I see today is slipping towards vast continuous unaccountable surveillance and government supported political correctness. 1984 represents the extreme end game of the current process. In this respect 1984 is a warning that we should heed now more than ever."
I read 1984 in high school back in the 60s and thought it was great back then and wasn't disappointed in reading it again. Orwell was thinking waaaay before his time.
A classic book by George Orwell. There are many similarities to modern day. I enjoyed reading this book for the first time. also have read animal farm many years ago and enjoyed that book. It is good to read the classics.
There really isn't much I can really say about this book. It's a great book and should be a required read by many.
"I have wanted to own a copy of this novel for many years but never got around to buying one. Lately, I've been itching to read it again and I figured this was as good a time as any to buy a copy. I probably just should have bought a high quality hardcover but as I often do, I cheaped out and bought the cheapest softcover I could find. The printing itself appears to be fine. I haven't noticed any errors or anything yet. But the paper/ink/whatever has an unpleasant odor and the cover isn't made very well. This is to be expected for the price, I guess. Still serviceable. Maybe someday I will buy a higher quality version just for it's own sake and this one will be the one I use for reading. Anyway, in these troubled times in which we live, this novel is more than capable of making your hair stand on end. I don't need to give a synopsis. Plenty of people have done that far better than I could. Suffice to say, if you like to read and you don't own this book, just buy it. Everyone should own this."
"I am on a kick of re-reading books that changed the way I see the world when I was younger, books like Atlas Shrugged, Brave New World and 1984 -- they're all pretty heavy-handed.  To be sure, Atlas Shrugged is the worst if for no other reason than it is painfully long.  But all make a sort of attempt to build a plot and sooner or later digress into some sort of manifesto.  In the case of 1984, the main character finds a banned book from the leader of the resistance and several chapters of the real book are from the fictional book.One thing I do recall from learning to write in high school and college is: show, don't tell.  All of these books, in particular 1984 are pretty thin using the fiction and plot as a thin veneer over their views.  In each case, they fall into long monologs or sections that suggest the author is bored of trying to present their dystopian worlds as a canvas.  I would have gotten a C+ at best for any of these had I turned them in.What's interesting to me why these books are so different now.  In the case of 1984, I read it when that year was still in the future and it wasn't quite so dated.  But I was also 16 and perhaps not as critical a reader as I am now.  Or perhaps the end of the cold war and all that has happened since has just changed the way the world is.  Or maybe in my youth or ignorance I was more tolerant of these black-and-white views of the world.So in a way, it's worth re-reading as a way of reflection on ones past.  Perhaps I won't be as disappointed as I delve back into the three books that made me appreciate literature: The Sun Also Rises, Crime and Punishment, and The Red and the Black."
Orwell's classic is wonderfully represented in this Everyman's Library edition. Beautiful hardcover and detailed jacket make this a must have for any fan of this classic thought provoking book.
Excellent condition. A must read for all Americans. When this book was written I wonder if Orwell had a dream of things to come.
"I first read this around 1984 when I was about 14.  I remember liking it a great deal, but it was a much better read as an adult.  If you haven't read it since high school, you should read it again."
Prophetic.  Will make you question whether democracy can be found any where today and what real freedom there is in so-called free states.
"A little background information: George Orwell wrote this novel as a warning to future Americans about what could happen if the government continued to run the way it was.1984 takes place in the former England, where the protagonist Winston lives. Winston was born before the Party came into power, but he is unable to remember anything about his childhood, his parents, or life before the 'Revolution.'Throughout the story, Winston becomes increasingly dissatisfied with his life and begins to rebel. This process speeds up when he meets a young girl at the Ministry named Julia (he had formerly thought that she was a member of the Thought Police who was after him because he was rebelling). They have a love affair (which is illegal) and are caught after just a few months.After months of torture, Winston is finally released. At the end of the book, he accepts and even comes to love the ideals of a society which he had once despised.This story leaves the reader with a sense of hopelessness because no matter what Winston does, he is incapable of defeating the Party. However, many comparisons can be made to today's world. This story was very well written and also contained many interesting, futuristic aspects.While a depressing story, I enjoyed reading it. I would recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed other dystopian novels (The Lord of the Flies, Fahrenheit 451, etc.)"
Bought this as a replacement for the original copy I donated to children in Africa; I sure hope they got to read it. Very important book.
"Booked received fast enough and in good condition.  Second time I read it , over 35 years later.You can see more than one government described here.  Amazing he wrote this before the 50's!"
"Excellent book, eerily pertinent to the times. Certainly worth being put on a watch list. Five more words required? Odd."
"I liked the conditions and I even got a bookmark that I found as a good detail.Although it took a long time, it was worth it."
"When I read this book as a teenager in the 60's, I remember thinking it was just fiction and could never happen. The author was 30 years premature with the title date for categorizaion as non-fiction."
"It's a great read if you don't have the patience to wait just a couple more years here in the USA when you won't need to read the book, cause you will be living it."
"Warning: Spoiler BelowI took up this book because of my college interest in Communism and Socialist ideologies.  I thought communism to be a tried and failed system, but the world in this book could become a reality in even the most democratic countries.  I am now more aware than ever of protecting my daily privacy and freedoms.  I wonder if Snowden ever read this book?If politics isn't your thing, the disturbingly real torture scenes and their effects on the characters will be.  I never until now believed that torture could destroy a human entirely - from the inside out.  I was so wrong.  I am still putting myself in the characters' heads and trying to figure out how to beat the captors."
Reading this book for the second time I was struck by how many concepts in this book reminded me of what the current Republican Party is up to.
"I believe I may have read this years ago, I may have seen the movie I will watch the movie again...Very timely read, you can see it happening all around today."
"I had read it before, but am enjoying it twice as much with times as they are today....received it well Thank you."
"In this book the world is a nightmare. No past, no present and no future. No way out this hardcore communist-fascist dictatorship. No hope, the people just robots withoutindividuality, without pleasure. An absurd absolute sadistic dictatorship like in Germany before 1945."
This should be required reading for every American; for a book that is as old as it is to still be relevant is amazing
"Reading this book, you realise why it is part of world literature. The whole thing is perfectly constructed. It is a story taking place in a supposedly fictional and demented scenario, but the more you read the more you realise it could very easily happen, and that many aspects of the book already happen now a days."
"1984There has been a mini-boom in the sales of Orwell's prophetic book.Some vocabulary from the book '1984' has already entered our speech: Big Brother, Doublespeak, etc.And no wonder, since much of the surveillance technology that Orwell wrote about is already with us.""Trust me, I'm from the government,"" is a mild form of ""Big Brother's"" pitch.Of course Big Brother knows all your day to day problems: his agents watch and listen to everything. TV cameras are everywhere and your communications are intercepted.The good and bad things in life are given new names. Good = bad & Bad = goodSome speech becomes PC (politically correct) and other speech is deleted from the language.Orwell was certainly concerned about fascism and communism. But he was also concerned with tendencies in democracies towards suppression of minorities and their aspirations.Orwell was not the first or the last political writer who foresaw oppression by majority rule. Alexis de Tocqueville commented on the tendency in America to conformism and to ""majoritarianism"", intolerance for other cultural traditions.Virtually all political commentators saw the threat of ""bolshevism"", which was the Russian term for the ""majority"" party in the legislative assembly. Under the Communists, ""Bolshevism"" stood for the ""dictatorship of the majority"", another term for the dictatorship of the proletariat. Majoritarianism. Totalitarian democracy.Both De Tocqueville and Orwell saw the risk of ""democracy"" becoming ""majoritarianism"" and then evolving into ""totalitarian democracy"".The framers of the US Bill of Rights saw this danger too and added to the Constitution the safeguards that once served to make America a beacon for the rest of the world.1984 is a book worth reading because it shows how everything can go wrong when people place too much trust in Big Brother.Terrorism? Big Brother says that's what the bad guys do. We bomb people in far off places to make the world safe for democracy. The old and sick and women and children die when we sent in the drones. They just happened to sit down to dinner in the wrong place at the wrong time. Some ""collateral damage"" happens.Spying? Big Brother says we spy only on foreign bad guys who contact local bad guys. If you are innocent, you don't have to worry.Orwell knew his history.When they came for the gypsies, I didn't protest because I'm not a gypsy.When they came for the anarchists, I didn't protest because I'm not an anarchist.When they came for the Jews, I didn't protest because I'm not a Jew.But when they came for me, I saw there was nobody left in my street to protest. So they took me away.1984 is a book for our times because it shows us that the price of liberty is eternal vigilance.We can see in this book how important it is to control technology to prevent its abuse. Otherwise elites in modern democracies  will subvert constitutional safeguards by stealth, by smooth promises, and by offering security from outside threats both real and invented."
"With the way many are concerned about how much our government is involved in our daily lives, this is a great read. Amazing that it was written so long ago. If you haven't read this book, I highly recommend it."
I cannot say how much I love this book. I was expecting a happy ending but was actually pleasantly surprised it ended the way it did. Must read for everyone.
"With the latest revelations of NSA intelligence-gathering techniques, a friend of mine suggested that I pick up this book.  What shocked me was the accuracy with which Orwell predicted government intrusion into daily life....in 1948!!!  Orwell imagines people sitting in front of screens every day that monitor their daily activity.  He sees the ability to track and listen-in on people on the move as another tool in the pocket of the government.  Through our smartphones and computers, the government today has intruded into almost every aspect of our lives.There are some further parallels can be drawn as well.  Orwell saw one factor in the political decline as the loss of ""external reality,"" namely that reality is objective and observable.  Such a concrete philosophical notion of reality has been replaced by the current postmodern subjective reality where 2+2 *can* equal 5, if that's what I think it equals.  In today's society where there is no sin or goodness but in what you determine to be such, there is but one small step towards an Orwellian society.  If the locus of what determines reality shifts from the person to the state.  And perhaps much of this has already happened behind our backs.  Because most of us have lost our notions of objective external reality through the public education system of our nation.And then there's the issue of history.  In an age where we're moving more and more towards reliance on cloud-based electronic mediums, erasure of history is truly only a keystroke away.  Oral traditions and histories have been exchanged for written ones.  Written ones have been exchanged for electronic ones.  And the end result is that most in our society knows less about history than ever.  Contrary to Emerson and other writers and thinkers who have seen history (and living in light of history) as weak or sub-human, Orwell sees history in its rightful primacy.  If we don't understand the past, we can't possibly understand the present.  The richness of history leads us to the greatness of religion, the beauty of art, and the heights of science.  Ignoring history leads only to self-destruction, enslavement, and loss of beauty.I would suggest pairing this read with Huxley's equally dystopian ""A Brave New World"" for maximum effect.  Readers should be advised that there are several depictions of sex and torture in some sections of this book.  The literary and historical significance of the work, however, makes it worth reading for the discerning adult.Let me close this review by saying that this book doesn't leave me as doom and gloom as I suppose it has left many other readers.  While I believe that man is capable of great evil like that portrayed in the book, I believe that things are not meant to be the way they are.  In spite of our notions of a subjective reality, the effects of self-serving politicians, poverty, famine, war, greed and so on strike us all as wrong because they really are fundamentally wrong.  We long for wrongs to be made right and for an objective, external reality that we can hang on to.  And nothing can take that feeling out of us.  Even if someone could use our deepest fears against us, we still cannot repress that testimony.  And it is because I know that the world is broken (as Orwell warns), I know it can be fixed."
"Loved it when I read it as a rebellious teen and now that we are actually LIVING 1984, it is a reminder of simpler times. I picked this up after I read an article that stated sales of this book had risen dramatically in recent weeks, i was on sale for $0.99 so a bargain anyway. Others have said it better, but if the American government scares you now, just wait until you read this."
"This is an extremely difficult novel to review. As a book of ideas, it is spectacular in the way it addresses the fears of oppression in a totalitarian society, which are both prophetic and yet timeless in the way it could be talking about the world any time after the mid twentieth century to our current times and beyond. As evidence of the timelessness of Orwell's creative dystopia, words and phrases coined in the imaginary world of Ingsoc (English Socialism) like Newspeak, doublethink, and the concept of Big Brother is still used today to shape our discourse about social and political realities today.However, as a narrative, I felt that the storyline was weighed down (rather ironically I thought) by the very pedantic way the issues Orwell sought to discuss were presented. In many ways, while the dangers of propaganda and historical revisions, and the loss of individualism and freedom were rather convincingly presented, the relentlessness of the message in the narrative became a kind of counter-propaganda of its own. For example, for the first part of the novel, Orwell presents Winston Smith, an everyday employee of the misnomered Ministry of Truth, whose job as editor was to flush old news that contradicted the current message the Party wanted to propagate, down the memory hole. The reader becomes aware of Winston's inherent dissent, 'thoughtcrime' and his illicit relationship with a fellow comrade that begins to signal his rebellion against the Party, and allegiance towards the revolutionary Brotherhood. However, for some reason, Orwell did not think it adequate enough to push the message across, and the action is brought to a standstill in Part 2 where Winston reads whole chunks from a counter-authoritarian manual of sorts, effectively subjecting the reader to an overstatement of all that is wrong with the authoritarian society. No doubt relevant and brilliant in the way the ideas were presented, it became a little underwhelming and repetitive.As a landmark novel on dystopian fiction, I can understand the clout it has in the literary milieu, as well as its powerful influence on other works after its publication, even though personally, I found it too heavy and ponderous for me."
"It will be obvious that many stories and myths have risen from the pages of this book... and what's worse, many of its pages contain visions that stare us in the face daily. Is not the iPad I'm writing this review on, a *perfect* implementation of a mobile telescreen, with its forward facing camera? Is the country of North Korea much different in policy than Oceania?This work of fiction could just as easily be a docu-drama based on the world we live in... I have no idea how it took me until 32 years of age to read it. This should be required in high school readingMust read."
Scary parallels between some of the blindly faithful followers in the book and those following the duopoly that exists today.
"By giving power to one group or man, 1984 becomes a transcript of future events.Everyone should read this book: it should be required reading in school. Orwell gives us a convincing view of what our society can become if we continue to believe in government infallibility,"
"There is no need to read this book. Instead of Orwell's 1984, we are living in Obama's 1984. Our government has access to technology that Orwell never dreamed of, but his ideas of government control and surveillance are even more real and terrifying than anything Orwell could imagine.Orwell's surveillance was based on the latest technology of his day, the television. But if one could find a place away from the screens, one was safe from Big Brother. Today Big Brother no longer has to watch us. Instead every time we turn on a computer, every time we carry a cellphone, every time we use a credit card, every time we pay our bills, every time we mail a letter, every time we write a check, some private company collects and stores that information. Instead of tacking 350 million American and getting warrants, Big Brother has only to access a dozen or so companies to get anything on anybody they need.And just to make sure no one falls through the cracks, Big Brother has given free cellphones and SNAP cards so even the poor can be tracked. Welcome to life in the goldfish bowl."
"This book, written in 1949, is very disturbing and portrays what people can allow to happen to them and their country.Another tome that is written by an American in 1935 is ""It Can't Happen Here"" by Sinclair Lewis; his work was written before the horror of WWII in a response to the spread of fascism."
"I've read this classic more than a dozen times over the years - a true literary masterpiece. If you appreciate 1984, try 2084 and ""Two Wolves"" by Hugh Darby.http://www.amazon.com/Two-Wolves-Mr-Hugh-Darby/dp/1478133422/ref=sr_1_6?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1341952344&sr=1-6&keywords=hugh+darby"
"I've read this classic more than a dozen times over the years - a true literary masterpiece.  If you appreciate 1984, try 2084 and ""Two Wolves"" by Hugh Darby.http://www.amazon.com/Two-Wolves-Mr-Hugh-Darby/dp/1478133422/ref=sr_1_6?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1341952344&sr=1-6&keywords=hugh+darby"
"If you don't read this book, you are an idiot deserving of your fate. Ignorance is NOT strength. The ending may be disappointing to some, but you can't really expect any kind of change from their ordeal."
Everything I thought it would be...enjoyable reading..  Wish I would have read this book when I was younger... I recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it yet...
"Great book, but its already happening in real life.  This is a book that should be taught in our schools, but of course they dont want to teach this side.  For a possible outcome after 1984, read ""Truth's Blood."""
"If you are wondering where we will be in 10 or 20 years if everyone sits fat and happy, well here ya go."
Don't read this book if you're an idealist. I wish I had never picked it up.  Winston' s whole struggle was for nothing.
"Now my favorite book.  I will never look at the world the same!  I will always question authority!!!  How can you trust what you think is reality?  Like Bradbury's  Fahrenheit 451, what is reality?"
"I was never a fan of Animal Farm, so I naturally stayed away from Orwell, but Spy-gate sucked me in.  I thought it was a very interesting storyline, although it seemed to be three separate stories inserted and loosely retied at the end.  Regardless, it kept me intrigued.  I thought Orwell's vision of this futuristic world eerily relates to much of the technology we possess, allowing the conspiracy theorist to conclude we are in-fact living in the early stages of ""1984"""
He was way ahead of his time. I read it when it came out and have re-read it and given copies to friends. If you have read it before it is time to read it again.  An absolute must on your reading list if you have not read it before.  The philosphy of Big Brother has come to pass.
This book is so frighteningly true to what is actually going on today that you would think George Orwell was a psychic. I would recommend that EVERYBODY read it. Maybe this country wouldn't go down the tubes the way it's headed.
I didn't enjoy this book at all.  This is supposedly a classic?  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  I just couldn't get interested in it.
"Excellent book written by a fantastic author. Orwell's writing is both clear and easy to read, despite our being separated by 60 years."
I purchased this as a companion gift to my brother to go with a copy of Animal Farm that I gave him at the same time. The gift was the result of a discussion we had about current events. He loves Orwell but had not read 1984. Love Orwell!
"I like it so far, but I'm only half way thru the book.  I'll write a review when I finish reading the book."
"This book is mind twisting and causes one to question reality. What is reality? Does it even matter if, say, everything occurs in one's own imagination?  A lot of questions arise from reason this book but at the same time, some questions are answered as well. It is all under your own perception of the book."
"We've all heard of ""1984"", or at least, the term ""Orwellian"" (interesting note: George Orwell was his pen name). I always thought of it as some sort of dystopian, apocalyptic and futuristic take about our future, which is a bleak one with ""big brother"" always watching and freedom being an illusion. And yup, that's what this book is about. It's brutal, depressing, and brilliant in its own way. One of the things that astounds me the most is that Orwell wrote this so long ago, yet it still resonates strongly. Even the technology he talks about seems very similar to what we have now. I enjoyed the book, but I do think it has its weaknesses. The first is that there is no hope. None at all. You never even feel it. The second is that none of the characters are likable. Perhaps even worse, you never really know any of them. So even though it's a brilliant piece of work, there's a very bland aspect to it.7/10."
This is a classic and a must read ! Try this classic and others because books were great then and have a much different style then today. If you are into conspiracy and mystery then read this and remember how long ago it was written...it had me thinking about it and discussing it for days!
"When I was in high school, it was required reading.  Most of the things I found disgusting and scary are now happening in this country.  I purchased this for my very liberal nieces ad nephew.  I wanted them  to wake up and see the world they are promoting."
I read this book after being suggested a couple of times. I loved it. It's a page turner and it just leaves you feeling unease for days after you have finished it. I still have strong feelings for the characters. Definitely you can't miss having this book in your kindle library.
"Not much to add here. In short, if you haven't read it, read it! I was actually blown away when I found out that the Muse album Resistance is based on 1984. They complement each other strangely well...though I'm not sure what Orwell would think about it."
"Only got this as I had heard so much about it and whilst it's scary to think how close some of this actually is to life now (or how it could have turned out), the last fifth or so of the book just dragged for me"
"I read this for the first time in 7th grade. Reading it again as an adult, it's still just as enjoyable!"
"Page turner, thriller, and an all around amazing book. I am 15 years old, and I was required to read it for my English class. At first I felt annoyed that I had to read this, but after reading the first chapter in part one I was hooked. I highly recommend this book. Big brother is watching you..."
"This is another classic that I read in high school and decided to pick up again 35 years later. It makes one wonder if our world leaders are using this as their bible,"
"This book was a two thumbs up. Personally, as someone who doesn't really enjoy reading, I could not let this book down. I was scared to read another utopian book after The Handmaid's Tale, which was a hard read for me, however, this book isn't. Although 1984 is centered on politics and the government, the love story that comes along with it makes the book more interesting. It engages you into the book hoping and wondering what will happen to Julia and Winston and the secrecy. The love story also makes the novel more realistic. Though Winston was basically brainwashed, at the end of the novel he betrays Julia. This portrays the simple cycle of relationship that exists with the love, the desire and the end. What scared me about this novel was how similar it was to the world and could exist in the future world. We have surveillance cameras on the streets and in stores. Our webcams can be turned on to watch other people as well. Even with the limits on the government, this novel made me think that it could be possible for the government to make everyone feel one way. Aren't they already with communism? George Orwell leaves you questioning about the ending which I loved. When the novel ended with ""He loves Big Brother"", it made me wonder if he actually did and if so, if that was even possible. Then it made me think, what if his brainwashed love for ""Big Brother"" was a lie, an act to get the parties attention away from him and Julia. I just loved how the ending really makes you think and say ""wow"". As you can tell, I really loved this book and I think everyone will if given a chance."
"George Orwell provides an in-depth look at totalitarianism and its effects, and really sums up a good chunk of what totalitarianism is. Couple that with a sample of class warfare and you got yourself a winner of a book."
It was SO hard to put down!!! I don't see how one couldn't love it! He is such a brilliant writer.
"Must read, especially in America's recent political climate.  I cannot recomend this book enough.  Glad to see it in an super affordable paperback edition."
A great read in that it makes you think and gets you in the gut.  Not really fun to read or even entertaining but it is thought provoking and should be read by all freedom loving people.
"Of course this book is about oppressive government, the totalitarian state. But it is so much more, it's about totalitarian thought in any community, how control by authoritarians is used to gain power and subjugate others or banish them.I thought the way Orwell designed a new language, Newspeak, and how he not only implemented it the book, he wrote an appendix that explained how the language was developed in his fictional world. For instance, the word free, in this society, would only have meaning in the sentence ""the dog is free of ticks"" it cannot be used the way we often use the word, say ""he is a free spirit"" or ""we are free people""--not that it is true in any sense here in America, we are hardly free, but at least we understand the concept and realize what it means or should mean.By controlling the language, a totalitarian force, be it government, body, church, corporation, whatever, what can be discussed and thought about is often controlled and regulated. It's a way of keeping people stupid. Think American public schools and churches, and you'll see my point. If you don't see my point, well, understand this, I'll try and speak slowly: ""you're stupid"". Get it? Probably not... Irony.Anyway, think of this: Some people in this day and age actually believe that soda crackers and grape juice turn into actual flesh and blood, they believe that some being loosely referred to as ""father"" provides miracles and blessings to them and other favored people and many believe that this god exists as three gods but really only one good.2 + 2 = 5. Yes, mind control works.The penultimate ""Big Brother"" of course is ""god"", and the church, and to a large degree the state, use this ""he's watching over you 24/7"" as a form of controlling people, limiting freedom, limiting liberty, limiting life.It's an ugly shame.This book is something everyone should read. Read it and put yourself in the place of the character that is being watched and controlled and then ask yourself ""how am I living like this already?"" In this life...It's a thought provoking question.Anarchy and atheism provide the frame work for freedom and liberty, it's going to be awhile until humans evolve to that point, but at least books like this, if a few people can understand them and read them, provide some sense of hope. A little.I just finished reading Wool and the book I Am Legend so I am on a bit of a dystopian reading kick right now, I'd suggest picking up The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress and then studying Stephen Molynuex (esp., the Statism is Dead series).You'll thank me when the zombie apocalypse happens.Until then, question all authority and avoid Vineyard churches and other mind numbing cults."
"I have a hard time putting this book down.  It is chilling how much control the government has.  We couldn't imagine having ""telescreens"" in our house that watch our every move.  ""Big Brother"" is always watching members of the Party.  People are heavily controlled.  The past is rewritten to fit with Party goals of the present.Honestly, though this book is far fetched in the scope of government control, I think it is riveting because we are seeing our civil liberties eroded away in America.  The government recently seized 2 months worth of phone records from the Associated Press, exposing their sources, which are supposed to be confidential.  Wiretaps are placed on people simply because of their religion.  Government whistleblowers are being prosecuted, such as a few who have blown the whistle about torture of detainees.  All of this says that our government is leaning towards more and more secrecy which is dangerous in a democracy.I highly recommend this book.  Thought provoking.  A classic."
It's more than relevant today than when this book was  first written.  Never once do you feel this book is 60 years old I wish there more like it.
"It was a good book, but it makes you feel bad after. The book seems to have predicted what life would be like in North Korea."
"After reading this book, I feel like most people who reference 1984 likely have not read it.  It is ridiculous for people to constantly be comparing this or that aspect of society with 1984.  The book describes a totalitarian regime that is systematically breaking down society for the purpose of perpetuating the regime.  The book describes a society where the only information comes from the Ministry of ""Truth"" and where the past is readily changed to so that past predictions fit with the present.Today, we can get information from the government, corporate news, independent news, the countless citizen journalists, not to mention through our own social networks.  It may have been easy in Orwell's Oceania to put such a limit on information on a society that never emerged from the censorship and tight control over news that existed during WWII.  However, I think that it would not be possible for the government to expect or to exert that level of control over society now.It makes me tend to think that people who throw around ""Big Brother"" nowadays are being more melodramatic than furthering the political discourse."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those. He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity. They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"------my favorite book is the orwell classic, 1984.  -i believe that the three greatest books in the english language for englsh speaking peoples are the bible, moby dick and 1984.....WHY? But  of Course  this  shall come to pass was is and will  suggest reality, manifest, description , the meaning of life, translation...and the translation of such enthusiasm yourself.  and for translation as is as legend or fable or fairy tale or even science fiction can seemingly do with the reader, the well read and even  vawv the erudict who are only bookish without harm-the service of the bookseller at amazon was sweet....times up-tead 1984 now-YOU CAN STILL CONTROL YOU"
"I really believe that this book is relevant in today's world. When it was written it appeared to be a bit science fiction, today it is real life. I equate this book the world as we know it today and what could happen if we are not careful."
"I realize that I won't be able to say anything that hasn't been said already, so instead I'll just say that it's beautiful and it's perfect and everyone should at least try and read it."
"This classic is still relevant today. Even if you had to read it in high school, it's a must re-read."
"It's here.  Very good work from an almost clairvoyant author!If you haven't read it, you're missing out.Read it."
"The novel 1984, written in 1948 by George Orwell, was Orwell's most influential novel. 1984 follows Winston Smith, a lower-level Party member, along his quest to gain the actual truth and ideally freedom. Before the novel 1984, Orwell was mainly known for his allegorical novel Animal Farm. These two novels, 1984 and Animal Farm sold more copies than any other two novels from a single author in the 20th century. 1984 is a novel that depicts the horrors of a totalitarian government and society. He wrote the novel at the beginning of the spread of Communist and totalitarian governments. This was a key issue in society and a main source of inspiration for Orwell, who was obsessed with social injustice, and warning of the dangers of totalitarianism. 1984 gives Orwell's description or warning of totalitarian regimes is so intense that it includes enough detail and pessimism to make even idealistic supporters of Communism and Socialism to think twice.In 1984 the Earth has been separated into three separate super-states, Eastasia, Eurasia, and the state in which the novel takes place, Oceania. Oceania, the main setting, consists of modern day Great Britain and modern day United States. The totalitarian regime is under an entity call ""Big Brother"" and the ""Party."" In Oceania English is still the common language. However, ""Big Brother"" is transforming English into a new language called ""Newspeak."" ""Newspeak"" is a language based on removing any thoughts against ""Big Brother"" or any individual thought.The plot of the novel is not able to be briefly summarized and still do it justice. 1984 is not a novel with a story; it is a novel with a warning. Orwell beautifully composes a warning against totalitarianism and politically apathy, but in the focus of Winston Smith, a small insignificant Party member. Orwell creates a story that intertwines both the political and economic structure of Oceania along with Winston's quest for knowledge and freedom.Orwell's novel's enduring impression with 1984 is not in the description of the political or economic structure of Oceania, but with the dull minuet details of the story. The dreariness of life under a totalitarian regime is the main issue Orwell addresses silently. He creates a lifeless society that would strike fear in anyone in support of a totalitarian government.  Orwell connects the situation in Oceania to the real world by including principles such as ""doublethink"" that can be found in our society today. ""Doublethink"" principles are dominant in society. Principles such as people must ""fit into social norms"" but also be an ""individual,"" follow your dreams, but you must find a secure job, and even affirmative action are all examples of ""doublethink."" Affirmative action is a perfect example of ""doublethink"" in our society. It is used in hopes of ending discrimination by practicing it. To require a certain number of minorities attend school or are employed in a workplace is creating discrimination against non-minorities. This only continues the cycle of discrimination, and thus society supports something it says it is clearly opposed to.  This is how 1984 strikes home and how Orwell creates his timeless warning to society.George Orwell's 1984 was written in 1948 as a warning against the totalitarianism rising in the post-war political climate, but the warning is a timeless one. The novel is brilliantly written and tells a crucially important message to society. It is a must read story, if not for the plot for the message."
Even written in 1954 becomes more pertinent every day! I have loved the work of Orwell from when I was a teenager in 1984 and his concerns and fears are as real today as ever.
"The dystopia portrayed in 1984 is thoroughly disquieting. There is no redemption. In the words of the book's main antagonist, ""If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face--forever."" Yet it is not only the structure of the Ingsoc society, which strips people of sanity and humanness, that so terrifies, but also a peek provided by the author into the very mind of darkness - the cold, confident logic of evil so absolute that it makes Dostoyevsky's Grand Inquisitor seem naïvely altruistic by comparison.Nineteen eighty four is clearly a warning. But I suspect that it might be read simplistically only as a warning against a narrowly defined political ideology. Orwell's own words, written in 1946 (""Why I Write""), are revealing: ""Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic socialism, as I understand it."" Is Orwell then simultaneously for socialism and against it? After all, the very word Ingsoc is a shortening of ""English Socialism"". The book itself offers a clarification of the relationship between the etymology and meaning of Ingsoc: ""Thus, the Party rejects and vilifies every principle for which the Socialist movement originally stood, and it chooses to do this in the name of Socialism.""It is helpful to remember that a major theme in the book is the Party's deliberate perversion of language and the twisting of words into their diametric opposites. For example, the Ministry of Peace is concerned with war, the Ministry of Truth with deceit, and the Ministry of Love with torture. Thus, a movement concerned originally with equality has morphed horribly into a system of permanent, institutionalized inequality.Then, instead of regarding 1984 as merely another denunciation of Stalinism and Nazism, I think it is much more accurate to think of it as a sober warning against any assault on individual liberty, regardless of whether the attack comes under the banner of collectivism, patriotism, socialism, capitalism, or religion - a message that has by no means lost its relevance in the world today."
"This book is so interesting and appropriate for today,it seems as the years go by,more and more of the story comes to real life.This should be required reading in high school.It was frightening because it seems so real,a really great book to read! It gives a glimpse of the future,yet comes from the past.I will reread this one,and pass it on to my children!"
"I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to be considered well-read or intellectually with it.  All my life I have heard references to this book and had a vague idea what it was about but it's only now that I'm in my 30s that I finally decided to go ahead and read it.  Now when I hear terms like ""thought police"", ""thought crime"" or ""big brother"" I will know exactly what is being referred to instead of just making inferences about it.Certainly it's not the most pleasant book to read.  It's about the most totalitarian regime possible.  However I think it is an important book because it's so far from the reality those of us in the western world live with.  However there is at least one country in the world that could be compared surprisingly well with the regime in ""1984"":  that is North Korea.  The real reason I got interested in reading this book now was because I've had a recent interest in learning about North Korea and as I discussed what I was learning with those around me, they kept making comments like, ""wow, that sure sounds a lot like that book '1984'"".  As I read ""1984"", I was thinking the very same thing:  that these people were dead on, that it was just like North Korea.  I therefore recommend reading this book along with books like ""Escape from Camp 14"" by Blaine Harden and ""The Aquariums of Pyongyang"" by Chol-hwan Kang and Pierre Rigoulot.  Both of these are biographies of people who have escaped North Korea and both are very eye opening.  I think that we can all learn a bit from studying these kinds of regimes so that we can hopefully avoid a similar situation in our own country, and also so that we can be aware and possibly able to help people who have had to live in regimes like this."
Great read. George Orwell seems to have seen into the future when he wrote this. I'm sure I will read it again just to make sure I didn't miss anything.
"1984 is as pertinent today as it was when published.  Regardless of Orwell's motivation, his ability to depict the tragic consequences of silent resignation and acquiescence to oppression hidden under the mantle of a sensitive and caring government is not only timeless but telling.  When the media becomes the mechanism for reenforcing the dictates of what is deemed politically correct and socially responsible and that media is controlled by the state, freedom dies a slow dismal death. When government can rewrite the reality of the past, nobody will even know they should be mourning that death."
1984 simply never fades with time. So well written and always a great read The subject matter is always relevant somewhere in the world
"Eric Blair (George Orwell) lived from 1903 to 1950. The novel 1984 was published in 1949.Plot Kernel - Oceania, a socialist State, maintains its power by (1) the absolute control of public information, both of past history and of present fact, (2) control of the propriety, range and meaning of language and thereby of public speech and often of thought, (3) keeping itself at war, for the benefit of the attendant costs, (4) nearly inescapable surveillance of everyone in society, other than those of the lowest and uneducated class, which it deems of no threat to its power, (5) sadistic reprisals for disobedience to the State, either in act, intent, or revealed thought. Within Oceania, in the city of London, a man rebels, first in thought, then through intent, then in act. The State responds.Comment - The surveillance society of Oceania is what 1984 is best known for: ""Big Brother is Watching You"" is what the posters in the novel say. They seem to imply an intentional threat against disobedience and disloyalty to the State. In the world of 2013, they would say ""Big Brother Loves You"" or ""Don't Worry. Big Brother is Watching Out for You."" Now, the surveillance society is promoted as being motivated by concerns for public safety. Yet, a State seizes power through the abolition of privacy. The ultimate police state is one in which it is impossible to commit a crime without an immediate record of your actions and identity. In such a State, public safety is paramount; privacy is extinct. Don't be afraid. You are safe. Big Brother is watching."
"Loved it! Great story! It was a very easy read, but also very compelling. Could not put this book down."
"This was a very good and very fast read. Ending, however, did leave you wanting more. Not very gratifying, but it keeps you thinking about it"
This is an amazing book. I bought this book to donate to my local collage library. Purchase this book here. Give it to your friend and family. Maybe even your local library's. make sure this book is available.
"In this most famous of George Orwell's works, the year 1984 is depicted as a supremely dystopian society. The entire world is divided into three large superstates in a perpetual state of war against each other. The main character, Winston Smith, lives in London in the superstate of Oceania. Oceania is a state under the control of a totalitarian government. The government is all powerful and intrudes and controls its population's lives through constant surveillance, control of the markets, and dissemination of information all under the watchful eye of Big Brother, the ostensible dictator. Winston himself works as a bureaucrat in the Ministry of Truth whose job it is to rewrite historical records so they are always in line with Party ideology. Although he is a dutiful worker, he secretly hates the Party and wishes for a revolution.The novel is one of the most popular English novels. It gave us words that have become common in everyday life such as ""Big Brother"" and ""Newspeak"" and even helped popularize and define the term ""Orwellian."" George Orwell himself hated things such as totalitarianism and hypocrisy and these themes are written about throughout the story.In all, this book is a classic in English literature and a good read."
I read this book in high school and now it was the first book I tried out on the Kindle. Kindle I like but 1984 is no better
"This is still one of my all-time favorite stories.  If you haven't ever read it, your education is incomplete...period!  Not a video game explosion-fest, this one plods along with the intricate details of a society gone horribly awry...like OURS!  Well worth the effort of seeing it through, though; you'll never see your government in quite the same way again.And while you're at it, also pick up Orwell's 'Animal Farm', another damned fine read."
"I bought a used one..and it's obviously used... I like the content of this book, it's so good and vivid"
"You know that feeling when you read something in school and think it's one of the great reads of your life, and then you go back and it doesn't live up to expectations anymore? I don't. Still beautiful, still haunting, still brilliant, still utterly engrossing. Still in my top 5 all time. To the English teacher who ignored the approved reading list and bought our entire class copies out of his own pocket, thank you."
"Still thinking about the statements regarding the class systems, among other implications, but definitely some food for thought.Great for someone who wants to read some thought-provoking literature, that is also plot-driven to keep it interesting.Well written classic, that maintains it's appeal.My only criticism would be the inception-like book within a book part. It was the insightful part, but it felt a little awkward."
Dystopian fiction is a look into what can become future reality. 1984 certainly did that. Agenda 21 with Glenn Beck/Harriet Parke can do the same.
Orwell was far ahead of his time. Incredible how prophetic he was. This is a must read for everybody including the youth of today and in the  future.
"As a senior in high school you are to read 1984 as an assignment, most of the books are boring and it is with a half-hearted attempt to muster through the book that you finish it. However, 1984 was a wonderful read, the ideas of totalitarianism and complete rule, of hatred and self identification, love and life saving betrayal, made the book an easy read. It did, however, have a few parts that lulled, such as Goldstein' s book chapters that were a lot of information to absorb and that seemed to endlessly repeat. I highly enjoyed this book and the way it was written, part three makes it worth the read just in itself. Highly recommend it to anyone who wants a good read and not just high school seniors."
Ploughed through it and only managed to get it at the end of the book.  Only bought it to find out what Big Brother was all about......
This book can be found in any paperback store or thrift shop. You can also probably just borrow a copy from the library or your grandmother's house. I only ordered this copy of 1984 because I wanted the awesome looking cover it has so it could be a part of my home library and I could show it off. The copy I received was a different super cheesy cover that didn't look good at all. Don't recommend.
"My son had to read this for his Junior year High School English class. He said it was better than he had anticipated, but wasn't thrilled with it."
"Several people who know me well were rather astonished that I had, in fact, never read 1984 by George Orwell. Considering both its status among the pantheons of literature as an important piece of art, and my penchant for smart science fiction that strives to have some social commentary or cultural relevance, it seemed obvious that I would've devoured it a couple decades ago. And now I wish I had read it long ago because it's a shame that it wasn't in my life until now. Just about every future-set totalitarian type regime ever conceived in any movie, TV show, or novel has Orwell's 1984 to thank. This is a beautifully tragic novel that, over half a century after it was published, is still full of concepts and ideas that feel uniquely fresh."
this is a classic book that shows a very descriptive world where people are totally ruled over and lied to.
"1984 by George Orwell is a classic literature that depicts a world where the government is constantly in control of people's lives and are in constant monitor for any traitorous thoughts and actions. This is a very depressing book and I might even add that if your personal life is not going that great at the moment, please refrain from reading this book altogether! That is not a joke. 1984 is as dark as it can get and I have personally never read anything quite like it. However, I promise you that this book will get you thinking a lot not only about our present times but also what could happen in the far away future. This gem of a story is truly frightening in a way that I have never felt before either for a book read or movie watched. If you are tired of the usual horror flicks that employ the same scare tactics over and over again in hopes of making you jump out of your seat, then I dare you to read 1984 to experience a different kind of horror that affects a deeper part of your mind! I promise you that 1984 will leave a big impression in your lives well after you having finished with it.In 1984, we step into the shoes of Winston Smith. Winston is like any other person living in a country where  the Party is constantly watching your every move through telescreens and microphones. To survive in this new era, total submission to the Party's ways is an absolute must. Think and act any differently and you'll find yourself vaporized without any hint at all that you actually did existed. The problem with George is that his memory keeps him from being a total submissive person in this totalitarian government. As a reader, you're bound to have questions such as how did this government come to be? Were things always this way? Is life better now than it was decades ago? Well, please step inside the mind of Winston where even thinking of these questions are bound to get you vaporized if you aren't careful in controlling your emotions. If you've heard of the phrase that Big Brother is Watching You! at some point or another pointing to conspiracies about the government monitoring your every move be it cell phone conversations or Internet access, then be glad that you picked up 1984 because that is where the idea most likely originated from!1984 starts off very slow and the author repeats many things throughout but once you start hitting that halfway point, get ready for a literal mind takeover from the author. I kept saying earlier that this book is horrifying in a special kind of way and if you actually picture yourself in Winston's position and picture in your head the things that he sees and witnesses, I'm sure you'll be scared as well. Better yet, picture your own self in Winston's place. Imagine having to live in a government similar to that of 1984. The beauty of portraying Winston to the readers is that we can all relate to him in one way or another. We like to sometimes think to ourselves that we are somehow ""special"". In 1984 however, you're no different than anyone else because the government tells you so. At first, you'll likely have a lot of questions and wonder how other humans cope with the whole situation. This is where things get interesting as you learn about the Party and its purpose.It's definitely fascinating to learn that George Orwell published 1984 in 1949. Mr. Orwell is definitely who you would consider ""ahead of his time"" and 1984 proves that. For his story to still have some impact in today's society is amazing, especially to conspiracists. Can we win against such a government as that depicted here in 1984? What will it take to bring it down? Is it a lost cause? There will be so many questions you will ask yourself after the completion of 1984. That's a good thing however because 1984 is not meant to be just read once and completely forgotten the next day. This is truly a magnificent piece of work. Just be prepared to have every ounce of positive energy drained from you!"
"I always wanted to read this story, I have heard about it long time ago, but I did not have a chance to read it. Finally I did. It is a great story."
Of course you know this. I bought this particular paperback for my high school student's English class assignment. Sometimes it matters that the kids all have the same edition.
"I have always heard of this book and the way it has influenced many teachers and professors for mandatory reading,probably in hopes that we can avert such time in our own lives, It is a good read especially if you are concerned of the way our country is heading."
"I tried several times to read this book, maybe it's just me, but I could never get past the first few chapters. Just not my type of read!"
Provacative and eye opeing. Orwell definatly hit the nail on the head with this one. It's almost as though some of it is happening today.
"Such a deep and thought provoking book, really puts things into perspective. This will no doubt be one of my favorite booms of all time"
"The idea behind the 1984 movies and book was to condition people that the world is mad.The way to do that lied in conditioning them to accept the situation expressed in this book - that of systematic control where merger states create trade unions and where the trade unions are used to opress the workers by means of constant monitoring. No one has access to privacy in any shape or form.After September 11th, created by the mainstream media through the use of fake actors, it got easier for the mainstream media to convince people that the world is much less safe than it is, and therefore not the U.S. Federal Government.Both Orwell and Huxley are believed to have been Fabian Society members and the story goes that is where they got their ideas from. The Orwellian State, as it is called, is thus overwhelmingly a mainstream media creation. That is why you'll see video cameras embedded on most stores and companies that have got access to the mainstream media or know people who have. Yet you're conditioned to believe that the people who orchestrated 1984, the Orwellian State and 9 - 11 are Federal Government Officials, when it appears to me to be the case, they're fake actors posing as feds. The idea was to condition people to believe that they were not powerful enough to resist against this. But as vast numbers of people kept resisting, the more the curtains behind what they called the NWO in the old days, kept collapsing and have since continued to collapse. The Surveillance State, or the Orwellian State, is there, and the people who are responsible for it's creation, got forced to confront the reality that, if they want to go to a war on terror, all they've got to confront to find the terrorists, is a mirror. In light of this, it is not surprising that people are becoming increasingly convinced that the Republic and Democrat Parties and the Tea Party might face overwhelming collapse in the near future. People want a different reality, and different world to experience and I agree with them. They have got every right to stop having to relieve 1984 every day. After all it was supposed to be a novel, not an instructions manual."
Did not mention that the book was drawn in. Also the copy of the book was not the same as the photos shown.
"Book arrived, I believe, in plenty of time and in good condition.  However, Leah has read it and I haven't heard from her about it.  I didn't read it at all."
"Its a love and political story, which describes the author's predictions of what will be happening in 1984 (the future for the time he wrote the book). It describes how the major and most powerful countries will fight/ally against the others, how government will be watching and controlling the citizens' lives. This story and Pink Floyds' songs are synonymous.I love this book, if you are into books about freemasons, jews history, big brother conspiracy then this is a must have. Oh and this book was banned in many parts of the worlds for many years until recently(including the states."
"This is the classic dystopian sci fi that everyone references in their scare tactics, but few seem to have actually read. I suggest you read it, not least for its jaw-dropping insights into human nature and excellent plot."
"I bought it for school use. Great quality, a good book for casual reading or academic use. Nice cover design and paper quality."
Read it.  Its a classic.  The presentation is relivant today even though it was written 80 years ago.  think Obama
"Eric Arthur Blair  with some VERY serious warnings regarding totalitarian/beaurocratic states (and using well known phrases which he invented-such as 'big brother', the 'thought police' to name a couple). BE VERY AFRAID, THIS IS HAPPENING TODAY in more places than most people would believe. Thought provoking and highly recommended."
"Old fav . Enjoyed as before. Not unhappy with currend federal govs ability to be so controling, nothing to do with the NSA or CIA"
This is TODAY.  This is our life.  Everyone should read it.  Tell everyone you know to read it.  Read it again.  Buy copies and give it to people.  Read it again.
"Hard to believe the this was not written two weeks ago. Orwell must have had a crystal ball, and how clever of him to create this mythical place that so closely resembles America. Incredible read and so scary!"
"Even though the story imagery may feel dated to us in these days of handheld devices, instant communication, etc, the concept of a controlled society seemed (still seems?) inevitable.Could the fear of an unknown enemy leave us open to such a situation in the 21st Century?  Pause for deep thought....."
i read it in my english class and no one apprecheated it yet they need to. its one of those book that affects everyone in any place.
"I just read again this novel & it gave me the Heebie-Jeebies!In our era of total government surveillance of everything & everyone,this should be considered essential reading by anybody with even a shred of love for Liberty.It gets my highest recommendation!"
"Somehow I failed to read this book in my short 37 years. I am sure I'll read it 50 more times before I die as ""constructwise"" baffles me. Scary, thoughtful, horrifying, and beautiful moments make this book a doublethink-if I even understand that yet."
"As I preface every book review I'm not a book reviewer by any stretch. I'm barely literate, so I'll give you layman's view. Without going into story details it's a wonderful look at the prospect of future, as told from our past. Some shocking similarities have played out and it makes it all that more interesting...the writing is wonderful, the story and flow is engaging and it's just simply something that everyone from a scholar to a pro hockey player should have on the shelf. You won't be sorry."
"This book blew my mind by way of letting me see the crap our government is actually pulling on us. This was futuristic when it was written but now it is becoming reality. Scary stuff. I however did not like the ending. It sucks that he went through all that and still didn't accomplish anything. I realize it is realistic, but if I wanted to read about life sucking no matter what you do i would read a newspaper."
Classic.
"Oh, dear god… Big Brother is watching us! Wrap your head around that now and move on."
"Well I am not about to give anything other than five stars for this classic, am I?The Kindle version seems to have a number of typos, which is unfortunate."
Haven't read this since high school!
"""1984"" is one of he most frightening novels ever written.  It's tight up there with ""Atlas Shrugged"" - well-wtitten awa prophetic.  Spme authorsare gifted with uncanny foresight, and leon uris is among them."
"Almost psychic depiction of the modern world. This vision was deemed insane and demonic when Orwell spoke of such matters, now it seems almost prudent and genius NOT to be versed in the matters he spoke of. Definite must read."
Good book
"I absolutely loved the whole idea and theme behind the book. There were parts were it got a little slow or repetitive, but I would definitely read it again. It was fantastic! Great imaginative story!"
"I have read ""1984"" several times in my life.  However, it is probably thirty years since I last read it and that is way too long between drinks.In my mind, George Orwell was a genius.  It is a great tragedy that he died before his 47th birthday from tuberculosis.  His was definitely a life cut short.""1984"" was Orwell's final book.  The title meant no specific reference to how the world would be in the year 1984.  Indeed, 1984 was probably simply a play on 1948 when the book was written.  Rather, 1984 is a reminder of the dangers of totalitarianism.  Orwell, no doubt, had the Soviet Union in mind when writing the book.  An analogy today would be North Korea.  Could the opening line of ""It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen"" be any more surreal?  Does North Korea, for example, come to mind with this line?""1984"" covers a brief period in the life of Winston Smith who is employed in the Ministry of Truth to tell lies.  That is the role of the ministry.  The Ministry of Peace makes war, the Ministry of Love maintains law and order while the Ministry of Plenty manages scarcity.  The world is dystopian.  Misery and want abound.  Happiness is never present.  As Orwell wrote: ""If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - for ever.""Since its publication in 1949, Orwell's magnum opus continues to resonate.  ""1984"" is a book for the ages.  If you have never read this work, you are poorer as a result.  This is a book that should be on everyone's book shelf."
i purchased this for a long car drive and it's so long of a book that we had to continue listening to it on your way home but non the less hey it 1984 you can't beat that
The book came in good condition after several other places didn't work. the cover was one of the most unique I've seen
"This is probably one of the most boring and sad books I have ever read. Sparknotes is good way to get through this dreadfully repetitive and useless book. Brave New World is infinitely more interesting and the ideals expressed are actually happening. If you want a good version of the book, Orwell's own ""Animal Farm"" has much more likable characters, a better understanding of communism, and deals with changes to a dictator state, rather than throwing you in Winston's shoes and boring you.I have no idea why that book isn't higher rated than this sleep inducing novel, perhaps because it was a fictionalization of actual events rather than Orwell writing a boring novel? 1984 is just a stripped down, boring dystopia, while Brave New World has fleshed out characters, a better understanding of what will happen (making the truth irrelevant instead of torturing people over it for example).You won't miss anything not reading this book except a few words he made up like doublespeak."
"I had read 1984 in my youth and was greatly impressed, but not nearly to the degree I was lately, after 55 years gaining appreciation for well constructed literature and watching world events unfold. Orwell's prescience and foreboding, naturally captured my youthful attention, but the all out war on the most fundamental and cherished elements of what it means to be a human being escaped me. I suppose there was some rudimentary sense of that engendered by what I now recognise as beautifully discriptive prose, folded unerringly into his narritive. Having become Christian during that same 55 years the whole sequence of torture and denial of the beloved for self preservation, near the end, took on a poignancy, which reached beyond the personal, of my youth, to the universal.The narration was spot on, and I have been and will continue to urge anyone I can to revisit this great book. Orwell may have gotten the year wrong, but the essential message of dehumanization is more pressing and apparent than when he penned it."
This book makes you think and it was written well but the characters and plot are not very captivating...it was quite blase.
This book should be read every couple of years. I would recommend those who haven't read it in a while to take the time to do so again (and of course those who have never should read it immediately). George Orwell was beyond his time!!!
"1984 by George Orwell is perhaps the most important book ever written.The world has not been the same since it was written over 60 years ago. 1984 is a riveting, prophetical, disturbing, dystopian, haunting, terrifying, and profoundly important look at freedom, liberty, totalitarianism, government, knowledge, entertainment, technology, humanity, and Big Brother.You need to read it. It might change your life, and will certainly open your eyes. It is both one of the most important and relevant books written in the 20th Century, as well as one of the most incredible books ever written.Strongest recommendation!"
"I realize this is a ""classic"" and that's one of the reasons I decided to read it.  I just could not get into it at all.  The fact that the world is in such a horrible place and there is no explanation for it, was the worst part for me.  On top of that, its too unbelievable to me that a society would ever, not only allow their government to control them and watch them and manipulate them the way this government does, but actually relish this control."
Great read it really captured you in the moment. I felt like I was there in all sense we are.
I read this book over 30 years ago. It was powerful then. Now it is all the more relevant. I
Do yourself a favor and read this book.  Once you start reading it you won't be able to put it down.
The predictionns of the modern times back when this book was written are frightening. The Defense Department is really the War Department inn oldspeak. The telespeak is nothing more than the modern computer or cell phone that is used to track our every move any time they want. Big Brother is watching you too!
"Simply put, everyone should read this book, It is beyond relevant for our times. I really wish this was compulsory reading for every student in high school. I often reference this book in every day conversation regarding the news - just like something out of 1984."
Volume was a bit low for listening in the car and they could have found a better reader - just not the right voice for books on tape.
"It's a great book. It's the foundation of movies like equilibrium (I can't think of the others). Read it, enjoy it, and write a better review than mine."
"I read this book when I was in high school a few years back and it's had a big affect on the way that I see the world ever since. As a western literary canon ""1984"" has had a huge impact on western culture even adding terms like Big Brother of double think to our lexicon. It gave me some insight on what happens/ could happen in a nation where the citizens are denied, or willingly give up, liberty for the greater good.  It's set in a future fascist dystopia where society is ruled by The Party headed by an enigmatic figure referred to as Big Brother. The people of this world are all either brainwashed and blindly accept everything that they are told or they are ruled by fear and go to great lengths to avoid punishment. Realizing this theme made me question if the world that I live in was not so different. It was the first George Orwell book that I'd read but afterwards I started to look into some of his other works, also classic novels, which all employed similar themes and helped give me some perspective on the world."
"I read ""1984: decades ago, and it always left an eerie memory. This year, seeing how our world is sinking into endless warfare, changing loyalties, reduced freedoms, the national surveillance state snooping on us everywhere, I needed to read it again. Written in 1948, the descriptions are frighteningly ominous. Big Brother IS watching us, newspeak and the thought police are in ascendance, and what we should believe can change daily. Orwell's prophetic nightmare looks to be coming true. Read it and shiver, then don't stand by quietly letting it happen."
"A really quality book, an overall good read I recommend it to everyone.  Book's physical quality was good as well, no big deficiencies."
"George Orwell's book 1984 is a work of literary genius. He explores the daily life of a party member in a totalitarian state who seeks to rebel against the system. Doing his daily toil as a party member, our hero  is responsible for altering the historic records to make sure they 'fit' with the current party ideology and military alliances. This leads him to question, initially in his mind, why this is required and eventually leads him to find 'the Book', which outlined why the 'Party' governs the way it does. 'The Book' is an game changer not only for our hero but as a reader it's amazingly close to the way super-powers operate.While the story that develops around our hero is excellent and a worthy read, focus on Orwell's narrative of the 'Book' and see how well he called the geopolitical machinations of today's super-powers.."
"Exquisite literature classic that intended to predict the future, which has arrived. Writing does not get any better than this."
"This should be required reading for every American. Unfortunately, it never will be because it reveals so much about our society. I stopped watching TV when I first read this novel in my pre-teens, and now, over a decade later, I have never gone back to that awful box. If you have not read 1984, read it, and have your kids read it, as well. Orwell was so right about the future that it's almost creepy.Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, and read 1984!"
"This chilling novel brings to mind today's politicians.  Like Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged, we find similarities to our daily lives. My daily newspaper's statement that they were eliminating a whole section to ""serve us better"", prompted my rereading. It's a rewarding read and well worth the effort."
"I'm trying to read one literary classic a year. I took on George Orwell's 1984 in 2012.  Wow. I now understand so many of the cultural references to this classic work.This is a dark book.  Fascinating and thought-provoking, but dark.  I can't say that I would recommend it to everyone (definitely not for children!), but as a cultural reference point, it is an interesting read.  I made myself not do any background or commentary reading on the book, until I was finished.  After I had finished the book, I read the Wikipedia article on 1984 and I was even more intrigued.  I won't even pretend to try to untie all the knots and explain all of the imagery in this epic dystopia.  ;)I really enjoyed the narrative parts of the book that tell the story of Winston and Julia (with the exception of Orwell's tendency toward the graphically violent or sexually inappropriate).  I didn't enjoy as much, the section describing when Winston is given ""The book"" and reads through the history of `The Party"" and ""The Resistance"" and ""The reason for unending war"".  That was was just too cumbersome and hard to follow at parts.Overall, this is a very intriguing read.  However, I think that Orwell could have done without the more base sections and still have produced a deeply thought provoking work that would have still been a timeless classic."
"A shuttering depiction of a world with no past and an every changing present. A highlight of English literature and forbidden romance, Orwell redefines a Utopian society with a civilization in regression. By controlling words, news and even thought, Big Brother sustains an endless reign of power by perpetuating fear, hatred and ignorant bliss into the peasants of Oceania.Oceania, one of the final three countries on earth, maintains a constant war-like state, which is induced by the ruling party in order to reduce surplus and maintain fear. It is war-like because by definition wars have an end, a Victor and loser, and because the ruling party had no intention of stopping, it is nearly an effort to occupy the minds of the plebs. This relates to the Party doctrine WAR IS PEACE."
It good book . I recommended for you. It's good novel to enjoy with it. Specially for those who want an easy story & it has easy vocabulary.
"To me it was boring and poorly written, not one of Orwells' best but one of his worst. Only it's theme seems to have made it a cult favorite"
"""Yo dawg,I heard you like books, so I wrote a book in this book so you could read a book while reading a book."" G. OrwellAlso, the book has some fantastic allusions to real life parties and events taking place around and before the time Orwell wrote the book, leading to a lot of ""I see what you did there"" moments. The final book is a masterpiece of introspection. The only reason it missed the final star is due to the fact that some parts are relatively tedious to read, like the book within a book. That said, the book and it's message are both well worth the extra effort."
"I had to read this book as a school project and I generally dislike reading, but this was a book that kept me interested. It has a very good plot and the subject matter is very eye opening."
You really understand how scary our government in the US is becoming. It makes you think if this exact case will ever be what the US becomes.
The subject matter is extremely important to all of us and is presented in an interesting way.  This is not fun or easy reading as it involves the ruination of many lives.
I remember reading this book in high school and I had a copy but lost it this is a great replacement
"In 1949, George Orwell (pen-name of Eric Arthur Blair) published what many consider his magnum opus, Nineteen Eighty-Four. In this dystopian future, Great Britain is part of an ideological superstate that maintains a totalitarian grip on society that is all-encompassing, with the population being monitored by round-the-clock surveillance, with government agencies that control all aspects of daily life, and with the very language manipulated to stifle un-approved thinking. It's the story of Winston Smith, who dreams that it might just be possible to oppose ""the Party"" and bring about change, and it's about the lessons he learns about the true nature of power in the modern world.I first read this book in 1988, and while I did find it interesting, I thought that it went too far in expanding the Communist system of oppression to the entire world. But, watching the world around me I am astounded to find that Mr. Orwell's dystopia is actually beginning to have its echoes in my reality. I reread the book, and was surprised at just how prescient the book really was. The government wishing to monitor people without search warrants, the limitless laws that seem to reach into every aspect of everyday life, and even the manipulation of language to remove certain words or ideas as ""politically incorrect.""Just how much does this book reflect reality? For those who would lead us, is it true that, ""power is not a means, it's an end""? Is it true that, ""If you want a vision of the future...imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever""? Or perhaps it's a boot on a human neck?Whether this book is a prescient look at a future that is already being built, or a piece of doomsayer literature that goes too far, it is a classic of English literature that cannot be ignored. I find this to be one of the most interesting and disturbing books that I have ever read, and it is definitely one that I think should be read by EVERYONE."
An instant classic for my bookshelf.  Lives up to its reputation as one of the best books in the 20th century!
"This book has a perfect mix of politics, utopic satire, and romantic novel. This is my new favorite book. I highly recommend it to anybody that likes thinking about our society"
"Great and scary book. Should be on everyone's ""to read"" list. Orwell saw way ahead of his time. A visionary."
"Orwells classic from just after WW2 has never been more relevant than it is today. While giving a fascinating insight into the inner workings of totalitarian regimes, it's also a very gripping story. There are a lot of lessons we could all learn from 1984 and it should prompt reflection in all of us.In short, if you haven't read this book, read it now! Share it with your friends! Talk about it! It's just an amazingly important piece of art."
"Book was in good condition. Very satisfied. Also, it was pretty interesting and I will definitely read it again. Thanks!"
Best book I have read in a while. George Orwell is a genious would recommend this book to anyone. This boo k is for real!!!
"I bought this book on the recommendation of a friend and I have to say, I'm happy I did!  Such a great book!"
I got this book for my mom.  so she can see what may be going on in this country and to keep herself informed.
How could you not be entertained by Orwell's 1984.  I re-read this every five years or so and never get tired of it.
"My title says it all. Read the book the audio leaves out most of ""Ministry of Truth"" buy the book to get the WHOLE story."
"Involving till the last word. Beautifully designed dystopic world, which rises a lot of questions about human existence and purpose in this world.Big brother is watching you!""1984"" is classic novel by George Orwell written in 1949. For me it was very interesting to see how author sees the future (as I know now it's the past), and as the world shown in the book is totalitarian that means no much technology or life development or improvement can be expected. The most interesting technology for me was an all seeing eye, a screen in every place, which is watching every move of every person.The book shows the world after some nuclear war. There are just three countries in that world and they are always fighting. The described country is called Oceania. Winston Smith is the main character of the story. He is working to rewrite/correct the history of the world. The past is rewritten every day, because the system (Big Brother) must be always right. The world without the past or future and without any meaning. People are doing everyday work without even realizing why they are doing that.I liked ""1984"" because it was involving till the end. Even though the time author wrote this novel was the time when all kind of ideological systems were developing, it's still very interesting to see one of the most ridiculous version of them. I was born in Lithuania, where we had the system of communism, but I don't remember much of that because I was too little. But after reading this book it's easier for me to understand older generation, because they were part of that system. So probably they experienced many things written in the book and the consequences of all that are still influencing their lives.On the other hand, as I was reading the book I was thinking, even if that world seems so cruel and ridiculous through my eyes, could it be that we are living in the same world right now? No, not the same from the outside world, but the same from the inner ourselves. The values of the Oceania were: war is peace, freedom is slavery and ignorance is strength. If we take the second one and try it on today's society, I could say that most people don't like to be free. They are looking forward to being enslaved in jobs they don't like and activities that doesn't make any sense also being scared to get fired, because it means that they will have to use their brains to find or start something new. The third value is also very common among nowadays society. As I wrote in my previous post, most people simply ignore the information and feel good about that. The book is very worth reading!So, do we really live in a different world? What do you think?"
"Though this was written long, long ago, it contains a message that is still timely today.  The first time I read it, I assumed that it was to point out the dangers of Communism; now I realize that it is about mind control and how people respond to it.  I would recommend it to anyone. Patricia"
"Not at all what I thought it would be based on cultural references. An exploration of how fragile and malleable our minds are. The analogies to modern times I expected were not there, but the more deeply seditious way we control each other's minds is well portrayed."
In light of the government overeach today I wanted to re-read George Orwell.  It has been very enlightening to read.
"its quite a good story and very well written - I can't give it 5 stars, because it's just not my taste"
great classic bought for my high school daughter to read. this book is also on the top 20 list of books everyone should read at least once.
I purchased this book to give as gifts. It is a real eye opener. It will open your eyes as to what is going on in the world today.
This is the second time I have read this book. The first was for school. I enjoyed it more this time because of the things I did appreciate the first time.
i was in good condition but  when it was packaged it had its pages folded inwerd and it created a nasty bend to some of the pages but overall a  good buy a good book and in good condition.
"I ordered this copy specifically so I would have it for a class and the page numbers would correlate; however this is not the copy I received! I'm going to be extremely dissatisfied if I find that the pages don't in fact correlate. Overall though, it's in great condition just like it was stated. I would just like for both the buyer and the seller to keep this in mind as a purchase is made."
Well I really enjoyed the service. My book came to my door on time and in a great condition. I've read this book before and I enjoyed it very much and I'm glad I was able to find it online at a reasonable price.
really fast shipping! :) The book is a little worn but this does not bug me because I  am just a college student.
"This novel was very difficult to put down, Orwell grabs the reader and makes the character's life's connect to their own. The ideas portrayed by this book allow a reader's mind to wonder as they follow Winston through his life as a heretic."
"Why do they make high school kids, whose lives are already fraught with uncertainty and uneasiness, read such depressing books?  I suppose back in the 1950""s this was a fresh new picture of totalitarianism, but today pick up any newspaper and you see this story all over our modern world.  It's not that I think Orwell isn't relevant, it's just that I think high school English teachers could do a little research, find books that are well-written, expand horizons, but that lift people up, not depress them.  Maybe books that would help kids, at their vulnerable age, to laugh, become wiser, and look at others with more compassion.  ""Cold Sassy Tree"" comes to mind.  Something with warmth, humor and wisdom, rather than bleakness."
"This book is relevant, but very depressing. Some of the situations are similar to current events and concerns - both national and world-wide. But life in the Orwellian future is lonely, depressing and frightening."
"The book was not in a great condition as advertised.Also, it was not the same book as shown. It had different cover page with very tiny font inside with little spacing."
Very poignant book. Written over 60 years ago but still makes such valid commentary on society.  Would recommend for any reader.
"There are very few books that make you afraid for the future and current day as much as this. This novel will make you look at today's changes and wonder how much of it is truly science fiction. Almost 30 years beyond the predicted time, this book reveals how foolish and unaware we often choose to be. To remain free, we must be unwilling to relinquish our knowledge no matter what others may think. No other novel has directly changed my thinking (so far) as much as this one."
"Seminal work by Orwell. You can't deny its influence and certainly not the dire predictions of the future. A bit premature perhaps (but the main character isn't sure if it really IS 1984, he just thinks it is as his ""best guess"".At the time of the writing you can forgive George's guess at the telescreen technology, but perhaps under appreciating the need for social norms self-imposed on contrarian thinking in modern society."
"So I guess after Suzanne Colins wrote The Hunger Games a bunch of other people decided to write reality show books because they wanted to make lots of money too.  And this is one of them.  Big Brother is a show where a bunch of hot people live in a house together and hook up all the time.  Like ""jersey shore,"" only they are trapped in the house and no beach.  But in the book which I guess got taken from Big Brother show, its like a countrywide reality show and everyone is trapped in the country which instead of Jersey Shore is called Oceania so I guess its set in Australia or something?  But the idea doesn't change.  Everybody wants to stay in teh country and not get taken to a little room called 101.  In the mean time people talk really wierd because its the future even though the book is 1984 which was like 30 years ago.  Way before I was born.  So why do they make us read it in school?  Like none of it actualy happened even though I don't remember the 80's.What I didn't get about the book is why people don't just say whatever Big Brother wants them too so they can stay out of room 101.  Like you have to say that two and two are five, and red and blue make orange, but you have to actually believe it which is really confusing.  Even though his girlfriend Julia says they should just make stuff up like the government wants, winston who is the main character tries to start a rebelion.  he just ends up getting attacked by giant rats or something.  So don't rebel unless you like giant rats.So in conclusion, this is a great American classic and you should read it, it says how important it is to rebel against the power even if theres no reason to."
"This novel is an obvious source of inspiration for many modern authors.  A chilling look at true nature of society, Orwell captivates the reader long after this book is finished. The theme and messages of the story transcends through the ages, though the quality of writing of is stuck in a time where it constantly has to validate itself."
"Well worth the read,  I couldn't put it down.  For a cheap Kindle version it was rally very good quality"
"Though it is a fantastic book that I always wanted to learn and I am very happy that I finally made it, just you should be cautious not to read this exaggerated and depressing description of a communist country, if you are already depressed! ;)"
arrived in great shape working great would recommend to anyone better then I was expecting it to be might order more later on
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thought crime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he is caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston smith1984"
"This is a powerful book that I first read in high-school and like with most everything in school you don't fully appreciate until you are much much older. With that in mind I recently re-read this classic and was shocked and appalled how much of George Orwells dark and dreary vision has become a reality in our lives since my high school days.Winston the protagonist in this book is a low level party grunt working at the Ministry of Truth in a fictional London dedicated to scrub history books and records of inconvenient facts, such as who we are at war with and why to streamline history into lockstep with the ever changing party line. Orwell foresees technology that for his day was in its infancy and describes how this technology can be used to oppress people and that whoever controls the past will control the future (and present).Orwell Imagines a world in which every home has a two way 'television', that is used inbound to disseminate propaganda while at the same time allowing the thought police to check up on its citizens. Virtually every inch of his imaginary world is covered in listening and spying devices and even small deviations from the norm carry the death penalty. Winston's crime is to keep a journal to record his own version of history, this will ultimately bring down the thought police on him, who (SPOILER) captures, tortures and kills him, but not before breaking his spirit and making him love big brother and his henchman.The most striking thing about this book is that we can see almost all of Orwells more imaginative concepts come to life in our modern day society, not necessarily exactly the way the author envisioned them, but in a more subtle but no less disturbing way. One can't help to draw parallels between Orwells concept of thought crime and the political correctness movement that is doing its best - and succeeding in - making certain words unspeakable and by extension certain thoughts unthinkable. It's chilling to read a news article on how interest groups trying to change Mark Twains classic to strike a specific word from the book for school versions where it is appropriate in both the text as the context of the time it was written. The ministry of truth resides not as a specific location it rather resides with special interest groups fighting to revise history.The Internet - obviously unimaginable at the time - serves as a close and even more powerful parallel to the ever present surveillance in Orwells world, but instead of a government forcing us to be available (and surveillable) we willingly surrender our deepest emotions, private thoughts and actions to social media sites like Facebook and twitter where they are for sale to the highest bidder including our government.9/11 as global watershed moment has served as justification for more and more snooping and warrant less searches while our airports serve as testing ground on how much more privacy intrusion we are willing to take at one point. In the name of 'homeland security' we are living in fear of the boogie man, not Goldstein, but Osama Bin Laden and his band of Islamic terrorist serving as the external threat on which more and more intrusions on our personal freedoms are being justified with.If you ever wonder how a prequel to 1984 would look or how Orwells world got to where it is, turn on your TV and browse the Internet and you will find that you are living it. It is not 5 minutes till noon, it may be 5 mi uses past noon and we haven't realized it yet..."
Don't go to room 101....you might not like it.The biggest issue of today is personal privacy and how do we protect ourselves against the constant control and invasion of the government in every minute of our lives.This book will absolutely scare the s*** out of you. The date is unimportant...the process toward this future must be reversed.
"I can see why this is a classic. A very original tale, quite spooky. I really enjoyed it. It was interesting to read this in 2012, I can see that a lot of the writer's predictions about the future have come true, which is scary!! It may not be as overt as the book, but overall I think this is a worthwhile read and an eye-opener!"
"`1984' es un libro que presenta un escenario de intrigas políticas y sociedades secretas y como afectan la sociedad. Un libro muy interesante y de lectura amena. Lo recomiendo. También otros buenos libros de toda clase de temas y de diferentes autores tales como: `La sombra del viento', `Una cierta justicia, Resurgir de la esvástica, El (Ebook) [Versión Kindle], y `El juego del ángel'."
I had already read the Portuguese translation many years ago and decided send my son the original.We're living in the Big Brother's age...
"Powerful imagination of Orwell shines in this stounding novel. Through out the novel, you reach for some shred of hope, some inspiration to hold on to. You will NOT get any. What is depressing about this book, is that it is acutally not all fiction. It is really happening in our world in some degree in a country or another. I actually had nightmares about Orwell's 1984's world during the time I was reading this book. Then I read Animal Farm and it reminded me so much of what happened to many countries after revolution. It seemed that he had predicted the whole ordeal. I am so depressed reading these two novels back to back. I may have to order a silly shallow love story to forget about real life tragedies for a while!!!!"
"If you haven't read this book yet, then you must. It's a real eye-opener for people living in the United States in 2012."
"good book , not much to say . This is a classic novel and the ending is great . I dont want to spoil it , but i promise le last 30 pages is worth the investment of your time and money"
"Orwell vividly paints a horrific picture of this fictional futuristic society, which is all the more terrifying because of the similarities drawn with the present."
"1984 is as real and frightening now as it was in 1948, 1984 or any other time period. The difference is it was mostly conceived as a political story originally but has now become terrifyingly accurate and real in a high-tech world of government and corporate surveillance. Privacy is a major concern now when in the 1980s it was hardly given any mention or great concern. 1984 is about a government worker (Winston) who enjoys his job but starts to have suspicions about what is really going on in the world. The government severely restricts individual freedom, religion, choice of partner (procreation is not particularly encouraged), choice at all, movement and occupation. Winston starts to slip up and slip into the dark side. He knows he will get caught but cannot help himself. Yet Winston dreams the proletariats will rise up to defeat Big Brother. Is there some force in us which cannot be defeated? It is a powerful work that everyone can relate to. George Orwell has been blatantly copied by scores of book and film writers for over 50 years. Read the original for yourself and be amazed. Is the idea of 24-hour a day surveillance, ""hall passes"", spying, control, restriction and propaganda that far off? All in the ""good intentions"" of protecting us.Buy this book. 1984 has been in print a long time and has held its value remarkably well."
"I have never loved a book, like I loved 1984. The characters were so deep, and their tragedy was so real. I felt glimmers of hope, in a hopeless world. I felt sick for the characters in their struggles. This book is what reading was meant for."
This is a classic book that tells how things will be in the future. The movie V for Vendetta seems to be based on this novel. Either way I really enjoyed reading it! It makes you think carefully.
"Good condition book. Look forward to passing it down to kids, grandkids, etc after our media begins to get censored here in the USA...Coming soon, you know."
"I loved this book, but to be honest, I didn't read it in this form because the text was tiny and it was thick and unapproachable. I would get a different publication of this book, because it is a great read, but I don't like this one. I listened to this one as an audiobook, and it was AMAZING--get the one read by Frank Mullins if you like audiobooks, it was fantastic. Loved it, and recommend that version over this one."
Loved it.. It was exactly as stated when purchased. There were no faults or flaws in the product ordered through this company.
A classic story that is well told and pushes the reader to consider elements from the book that are in evidence in today's culture.
"One of my favorite classics that I, even though it is very depressing, recommend anyone interested in reading to read this book.Set in a nightmarish London of 1984 – we see life in a totalitarian state through the eyes of a single character, Winston Smith, who dares to standup against the notorious – notorious in our world – Big Brother in his own ways, through little defiant acts, such as keeping a journal stating his disapproval with his world and the government, to sneaking off and having sex with a woman for pleasure which is looked down upon as sex is only seen as a necessary for procreation.In this world, Freedom was only attained through total obedience to the Party, and the love of Big Brother, who watched you at all times.  Winston works as a functionary of the Ministry of Truth where history is rewritten to favor the Party’s line summed up beautifully by the Party’s slogan ""Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past.""  A little at a time Winston begins to realize that things are not as they should be and that those things should be changed.  This book is drowned in hopelessness, but it is something we all need to read and keep close to our hearts, because during these troubling times it is too easy to forget how easy it is to fall into the trap that leads to Socialism to Communism to Totalitarianism.With today’s technology, Big Brother is a real threat and with the Government growing larger and larger the world of 1984 can become our future – if we are not careful."
"Much easier to read than expected.I was sceptical that a classic like this would be out of date and boring, not the case at all very good book."
"It was a good book. It was not my favorite book ever, but I feel more cultured because I read it."
"I read this book 50 years ago and decided I needed to renew my acquaintance with ""1984"".  I think it is apropos because the UN is considering a non-binding regulation of the internet and the prevalence of spying on citizens in many countries of the world, even in democratic countries.  Consider Vic Toeves, Canada's Public Safety Minister, proposed bill C-30 which would have given the police and security officials more power to monitor internet and phone communication.  I fully agree with the necessity to investigate crimes and particularly child pornography which is rampant on the internet, however the tools used to accomplish this monitoring must be very specific and not intrude on the majority of Canadians.Orwell, I think, hit the nail on the head.  He had no idea of the technological advances of the 1990s and 2000s but he certainly knew the human mind.  If you have not read 1984 give it a try."
This book should be on everyone's list. A must read that is hauntingly real in light of the political realities of today's world.
I don't think I can say anymore about this than hundreds of other readers have already mentioned. It's a classic and rightfully so. But will Big Brother eventually take over our lives? You be the judge.
This should be required reading for all students by the time they finish High school. Of course by the time they graduate from one of our fine public schools the point will likely be lost on them.
cool so far but have not finished... creepy creepy  creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy... basically because it's something that REALLY could happen
I enjoyed the book somewhat. It has plenty of current day predictions of invetions. My son needed it for a school read.
"At first this book was not a book that I wanted to read, It was assigned to me as an English project I.S.U (Independent Study Unit) so like every kid in high school I started to dread it. As I started to read though, the story started to get better and better. There were points where I just wanted to continue reading and not put it down. The story is very well written, it gives you a very good idea as to what a Dystopian world could potentially look like. Although at the beginning it does start out very slow, it is a very good read.If you read this book and enjoyed it, also take a look at ""Brave New World"" by Aldous Huxley. It is quite similar to ""1984"""
Everyone should read this book. It has a lot to teach us about today's society. I love George Orwell! (:
"George Orwell's prophetic words are coming to pass right before my eyes; You'd see it too, if you got off the TV and started paying attention to politicians and the laws they're passing.I hope there is a revolution of some sort before this grim forecast is played out to the end."
Now I know why is has become a classic. I can see shades of double speak and everyone knows but don't say it out loud in public or institutions because someone may be offended. We must be politically correct. Wow!!
"I'm not even going to review the book. If you want to know whether or not the book is good, don't bother. Just read it. The printing job on the book was decent for the most part, although I found a few places where the ink was smudged but still legible. This didn't bother me though, as it was only one or two pages in the whole book and it didn't mar my enjoyment of one of my favorite books of all time. Seriously, if you haven't read this book yet, just buy this book. $10 is worth this integral cultural experience. Even if you don't like it, you should still read it. It's a good experience, and should get you thinking at the end."
"Honestly I didn't read it I only downloaded because it was free and one of those books you are supposed to read to be truly hip. Sorry, I don't qualify."
"I got the book so late, and it wasn't from that publisher which I had chosen, and the quality of the book was just acceptable not good. I am not satisfied about my shopping from BetterWorldBooks"
"This book is absolutely phenomenal, George Orwell was very sick when he was writing this novel in the 1940s.  The Soviet Union was flooding fear into the world, this book gave a conception to the possibility of communism taking over.  And it did this in the most conventional way possible, the book gives the perspective of a normal man in a world that he fears completely.  Constantly retaliating in his mind but to scared to actually revolt.  I highly recommend this book to everyone, its one of my favorites and definitely worth your time."
"The book was in perfect condition when I received it. It is an interesting read, but it was too long."
"This book is relevant, but very depressing.  Some of the situations are similar to current events and concerns - both national and world-wide.  But life in the Orwellian future is lonely, depressing and frightening."
"I have read this book many times before and I believe that 1984 by George Orwell should be required reading in schools. This story helped change my life because Orwell presents the story in such a realistic fashion that had me questioning what was real and if anything the government tells me is actually correct. I was captured by this book from the first sentence until the very last mind-blowing words. I definitely recommend reading this book if you're into anything that deals with politics, freedom, control and government. There is even a love story in the midst of all that is going on so if you like love stories this book is for you as well. When I finished reading, I set the book down and just said ""Wow"". If you want a good read that will have you thinking, pick this book up and have a go. I'm sure you won't regret it."
"I ordered 1984 by George Orwell, used.  Although it was advertised to be in just good condition, the book was practically like new.  This is a book that I have read many times before but never owned, so I finally wanted to have a copy for my own library.  Its an amazing book, and I get something new from it every time.  My only complaint is that the advertised cover image was the close-up of the blue eye, and that's why I went with this particular one.  But what I got was a completely different cover with weird sort of kaleidoscope colors.  It was really disappointing that I didn't get the cover image I wanted but it wasn't so much of an issue that I'd send it back or anything.  I completely recommend this book to anyone who likes dystopian fiction novels."
"If you've never read this book, one should.  Big Government has a way of wanting to control our lives, and this book depicts that.  A good read.  I recommend it."
still a harrowing tale even in the modern age. the bleakness of life told in this vision of the future is a future we should all be trying our best to avoid
"This was an interesting book, and on my list of must reads.  I am glad I finally read it.  Some parts are lengthy in detail and a little repetitive, but there were many surprising and thought provoking parts that I still see it as a must read.  Enjoy!"
"""Freedom is the freedom to say two plus two is four.""To say 1984 is an amazing and powerful novel is the understatement of the century. Never have I ever read a book so powerful and meaningful. 1984 is a book that transcends time because 1984 will always be pertinent. Orwell created a timeless tale about power, freedom, and social classes. No review I could ever write could do 1984 justice but I shall try.1984 is a dystopian novel complete with action, romance, and politics. I'll be honest here. Normally I don't read serious literature and I hate politics. Reading 1984 was me metaphorically ""putting on my big boy pants"" , it showed how my reading taste matured. Enough about me, this is a review not the Scott show!The plot moves at such a brisk pace and you'll be glued to your seat. Even if you hate politics like my teenage self you will love 1984. Orwell creates political situations that will allure even the most unwilling readers. There are few dull moments in 1984, the majority of whom take place in ""the book"".No 1984 review could ever be complete without mentioning Oceania. Oceania is the totalitarian society in which 1984 takes place and I know where I'm not going on vacation. Oceania makes Panem look like a walk in the park and it is far more horrible than I expected. No sane person could go live there without going insane because it's a living hell. Orwell really created the perfect hell-hole for his masterpiece and it's mindblowing.I really loved how Orwell created his own language ""Newspeak"" for 1984. Newspeak added an interesting feel to the novel because it further the novel's themes and motifs. I really wonder if aficionados of 1984 speak Newspeak like trekkies speak Klingon and LOTR fans speak Elvish. Orwell definitely spent a lot of time coming up with Newspeak and I do appreciate his efforts.1984 is a haunting novel that once you read it, it will stay with you forever. I won't ever be able to forget the horrifying Part III because how powerful and moving it was. 1984 is a novel that will make you question yourself and society. The best kind of books make you think even after you finish and such is the case with Orwell's masterpiece. The 3rd person narration instead of hindering the pacing, it enhances it by adding more emotional depth to the book.1984 is a novel that will give you new perspectives on people, society, and law. Is Ignorance really bliss? Is lying okay if it's for the greater good? Is the needs of the many more important than the needs of the few? I can tell why 1984 is considered classic literature and I hope it continues to be read for it's important messages. Even if 1984 doesn't seem like your thing, I'd still recommend giving it a shot. 1984 has given me a reason to pick up Animal Farm and I hope I enjoy it as much as I enjoyed 1984."
I read 1984 for the first time in the 1980s.1984  changed the way I perceived the structure of our society and the parties that Govern us.
"This novel can be read from the left side or the right side of the political spectrum because the overarching horror of the totalitarian state presented by Orwell here is told to us in an honest and forthright manner.  Orwell's narrative retains its relevance because we still seem to go through phases where the freedoms of the enlightenment are challenged from many angles.  Whether you read Big Brother as Joseph Stalin or Sam Walton and The Party as being representative of a fascist or communistic authoritarian State, the ""truth"" of this novel, that liberty, personal freedom, and the freedom to speak and be understood are ideals that should be treasured and protected in practice.  As long as there are human beings who wish to control and eradicate the humanity of others, 1984 will remain a novel worth reading."
"An eye opener vision of how far big government, big business, and any dictator can control apathetic people and societies when we decide to go with the status quo. We don't want to lose our jobs so we accept compromising what is right --  it gets easier every time. How about  putting the fun and easy things in life before fixing the things in our nation, neighborhoods and families that are failing. More laziness leads to freedoms lost when peoples of  a nation live with the mindset of let the government take care of us , let's trust them to do what is best for us without complaining when the loss of our freedoms are disappearing ,slowly, but usually in the guise of - being told these laws will be better for our safety, our pocket books, the health of the earth etc... Apathy to the extent of having  1+1=3 be an acceptable ""reality""....  we reap what we sew and a whole nation sewing apathy seeds in their lives every day paves a path to our own destruction.Look at what is on TV we have shows telling us vampires, big foot, werewolves, zombies etc... may be or are a reality , how many people believe this nonesense... again I say we reap what we sew.  Orwells 1984 is well on its way to becoming reality and noone cares enough to ban together in thought and ideals to say 'no more' . The USA constitution reminds us that people are willing to suffer all kinds of evils and do nothing until the suffering is absolutely unbearable.  That in my opinion is the reality of todays' America.  And it is the picture so clearly painted by George Orwell in his book 1984.  I would give the book a 5 , it deserves a 5 , but my heart cannot stand the thought of the horrors my grandchildren and great-grandchildrens lives will be if we pass them our legacy of apathy - sheep led to slaughter, by the actions (or nonaction) of our own laziness."
"I want to give you all a heads-up about what reading this book did for me. The more objective things are well documented and I don't want to go into that. Reading this book really got to me, gave me creepy feelings about my own hard childhood in the family gulag and made it hard to sleep for a few nights. I guess my comment is that a prospective reader might think about this kind of affect and mull things over before getting into it. The book is well written, for sure, and Orwell keeps the action going...but that action literally goes straight to hell. Not an easy read--at least for me it wasn't."
"Written by George Orwell in 1948, 1984 is a dark, yet insightful story about a society that is under a totalitarianistic government. The citizens are brainwashed to love Big Brother, the figure that represents the Inner Party--the selfish and culpable government of Oceania. Although 1984 does include some bleak content, there is a much deeper meaning in the lessons that high school students need to know that you can't always escape from the consequences of your actions and about the problems arise when the government has too much power.However, the bleak content does serve a purpose in this book and can't be disregarded. High-school students need to read this book so that they can comprehend the miserable living conditions that exist under totalitarianistic regimes. Right when you open up this book and start reading the first chapter, you will already feel the coldness and hopelessness for the citizens of the Outer Party. Orwell's message that he is trying to get across is simply how horrible the lives of these citizens are. Orwell does a very good job at making this story bleak to make the readers feel the cruelty that goes on in the book, which makes it necessary.However, aside from the bleakness, there are some other important lessons in 1984 that high school students need to learn in order to prevent even the smallest possibility of coming close to this wrongness in the real world. An important lesson that is important for high school students to learn is how what you do has some inescapable consequences. If a government is to ever reach the harsh level of ruling that the Inner Party reached, citizens need to know when they must hold back.If high school students don't want to ever deal with a similar situation, they should start paying attention and being aware of what decisions the government is making. High school students need to understand that too much government involvement and control will lead to more harm than good.The bleakness in 1984 plays a role throughout most of the book and, spoiler alert: there is no happy ending. As depressing as the content in this book is, it will not disappoint high school readers while learning about this totalitarianistic society. Rather, 1984 has the power to inspire high school readers to become more active and informed about some of the governments around the world today, and maybe do something even greater."
"1984 ia a depressing and frightening book because it has been such an accurate prediction of the future to date. It illustrates the danger, alluded to by Dwight David Eisenhower, of the military industrial complex of a paranoid state running out of control. It seems ludicrous to think of the Ministry of Peace as concerning itself with matters of war until we reflect that in the US the Department of Defense (DoD) was formerly the Department of War (maybe soon the Department of Peace?). Ignorance is strength? Silly? Just look at our public school systems. Peace is War? Impossible??? Afghanistan is the longest war in US history intended to protect the homeland and give us peace and you can tell the current right wing ""Oceania"" is chomping at the bit to get us embroiled in Syria, Iran, or North Africa (preferably all of the above simultaneously). Slavery is freedom? No way??? Just watch the masses enthralled by the words of the right wing media not so un-remeniscent of the old news reels from Hitler's Germany. All we need to finish it off right is to have a daily two minute Hate and a Hate Week like in 1984 and we'll be good to go! Yes, Orwell saw it all coming back in 1948. He got one thing wrong though when the protagonist Winston claims the only place you can't be seen is in the dark (he never thought of infra-red cameras and satelites that can read a pack of cigarettes from earth orbit). 1984 is like reading tomorrow's newspaper today. Great piece of literature! The only fault I see is that it was advertised by Amazon as a novel when, in fact, it is a documentary."
"I finished 1984 and I came back to amazon.com to write a review.  Clicking from my booklist to 1984 to the review page, I got:  Looking for something?  We're sorry. The Web address you entered is not a functioning page on our siteApparently the version of 1984 that I bought is no longer available from Amazon.Shades of Minitrue.  I wonder if I read the same book you did?As other reviewers have said: this book is a masterpiece.  Orwell captures many details of life under a totalitarian regime.  He backfills Winston's character with memories and dreams -- if I lived in that society, I'd spend a lot of time in my head, too.  He proceeds from there to the economic and political system, presented both through Winston's job and his trips to the proletarian quarter and through The Book.  And from there to philosophy.  The man who tortures Winston explains why, down to the first cause."
"George Orwell's ""1984"" is the greatest political novel of the Twentieth Century. Period.No other political novel in the last one hundred years has come close to having the impact and insights of this novel. The book introduced terms into the language that are still current usage, primarily the term ""Big Brother"" and the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you.""Orwell's description of the deliberate corruption of language by the Inner Party in his nightmare world, the concept that the shrinkage of language could be deliberately used to narrow the range of human thought, is reflected in today's stunted and idiotic American political discourse.The use of language by an all-powerful government to hide the truth and create a false reality in the world of 1984 resonates today in the use of terms designed not to illuminate, but obscure.  Atomic bombs are ""special weapons,"" civilians killed in air strikes are ""collateral damage,"" and illegal invasions of other nations are ""preventive interventions.""But it is not just the insights Orwell had on the misuse of language, the abuse of surveillance technology (technology available today which he would have been scarcely able to imagine), and the power games of the great Twentieth Century superpowers (e.g., the ""China card"" played by the United States as between the Soviets and the Chinese), it is the sheer personalized terror of the dystopian world he created which gives his book power.As a personal note, I first read this novel when I was seventeen years old, a senior in high school, and I was shaken to my core by Orwell's frightenting vision.  I have reread the book every three years, because I can always find another insight in it that applies to the current world.There are other great political novels of the Twentieth Century, for example, I would rank Arthur Koestler's ""Darkness at Noon"" as very close to (and in some ways similiar to) Orwell's great work.  But no other political novel of the Twentieth Century has come anywhere near the insight, the impact, and the influence of the novel which Orwell first titled ""The Last Man in Europe."""
This is classic literature! George Orwell invented Big Brother in this book and it is scary to behold. He makes Big Brother all too real and all too feasible. I read this in high school and it impacted me even then. Everyone should read this book.
"There are undoubtedly a lot of great books out there but there's a selective few that I would consider a must read, and 1984 is one of them. Is it really that good? My personal opinion is that there are better books out there in its genre, but none have had the impact 1984 has had. 1984 is a reminder of the things that we take for granted everyday,  It's about one mans struggle to keep what he values most, his free thought.I've read this book once, looking to give it a second read. It's hard for me to pick it up again because the feeling you get from reading 1984 is not exactly a great one, it's depressing. Which is why I prefer reading Vonnegut.Regardless, 1984 is one of those books we should all read at least once."
This book is considered a Classic and I can understand why. However it is very slow in parts and is not a fast read. I recommend reading it at least once.
"this book is timeless, and very relevant for current situation with the marxists destroying my Constitution and the marxist controlled media assisting and not reporting violations, and hindering the flow of information."
"Chilling especially given how powerful the media has become in our current society. Orwell was brilliant, and in this book, he is able to identify the critical elements of a democratic society that we often just take for granted."
"This book is meant to be a classic, I liked it for the most part but I got to a place where I just got bored and stopped reading it... it's been MONTHS and I still have yet to finish."
The book came in the mail in perfect condition. The 60th anniversary edition is a really nice look than the original and it is also less bulky than the original because the width of the book is longer than the normal version of 1984
"Excellent insight into (and predictions about) abuse of technology by people in power--applicable to present-day governments--but the human-interest story (scare tactic) is lost in the stilted prose and the overuse of impersonal, third-person, dogmatic passages, running on for paragraphs."
"What else is there to say about this book? It is a highly read book, after all. Very good read."
"A classic of literature that should be read multiple times by everyone, it predicts a bleak world of misinformation and mind control. Still chilling every time I read it."
"I've always loved 1984 (it's a total classic, and so well written for it's time), so it was an easy choice for me to spend the $1 (yes, ONE DOLLAR) on the e-book edition when my book club re-read this novel. I did have the paperback version, but I just love reading on my Kindle, so I went for the e-book version as well :)"
A b c d e f g h j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
"Wow!  That's all I can say...Wow!I read this in high school in the mid 60s, and I completely forgot about it.  I honestly didn't remember it.  I'm not going to talk much about it.  For one, it's been heavily reviewed already, and for another, you really have to read it not knowing anything about it.But one exception.  There was something that I found incredibly interesting this time around.  ""The Book"".  ""The Book"" was a book that the main character reads from at some time during the story.  What made Orwell write that?  How much of the theme of that book was merely his own imagination of how it could get in the worse case scenario and how much was based on some real reason why he would project such an idea?If anyone knows of any literary study or analysis on the subject of the contents of ""The Book"" within 1984, I would be very interested to hear about it."
A story of what could be. A story of what we thought was coming. A story of what still might be.I was supposed to read this is high school but did not. I wish I had. On the level of Catcher in the Rye or To Kill A Mockingbird this novel is thought provoking and never dull.
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
Kind of like how you feel in an airport these days.  This is the Tsa and homeland security rolled into one nasty  picture  .
"Engrossing and well written, this dark novel about a futuristic fascist government, where individual freedom is a negative concept, has been endlessly copied, the concepts repeatedly utilized. But rarely have the successors been nearly as well told. Written in 1948, but still timeless and a great read. There is a reason this is a modern classic, while still a favorite among everything from the sci-fi crowd to the acolytes of horror, thrillers, and anyone into an intense vision of the future. One that is proving all too real."
George Orwell wrote this classic in 1948.  He set it 36 years into the future.  He was a visionary with facts in hand.  The dark world he portrayed came to pass much sooner than he had predicted.  Big Brother became a catch-word for all of the invasive technology that now monitors our lives.  Orwell died before his fictional world became reality.  He was lucky.  The book is a classic.  Every human being should read it and realize its' implications.
"The book is very well written. Although there're some wrong concatenation of words in the book, it doesn't matter much."
"It's nearly impossible to reduce what George Orwell achieved with ""1984"", but here are some good examples: First, that of the nearly 1,800 reviews of this  book, it's likely nobody managed to say anything really different than anyone else; yet Orwell managed to do it throughout an entire novel -- and he did it nearly 70 years ago.Further, Orwell was incredibly prescient and insightful. Take his ""telescreen"" for instance, which closely mirrors our giant-screen TVs today and soon-to-be two-way viewing technology that we enjoy with our computers. The little helicopters buzzing around spying on everyone could just as easily be drones and satellites today.And take the ever-changing alliances between the United States, Russia and China -- which could easily be called Eurasia, Eastasia and Oceania. There's always a war somewhere and when you turn on what passes for news today and it's all double-talk spin -- not so much concrete reality than it is flip-flop opinion. The world has yet to degenerate to thought control or ""thoughtcrime"", but the increasing constraints of political correctness has us edging that way. And when it comes to our economic system, Orwell nailed that too -- ""oligarchical collectivism,"" a system made by the few for the few.The Orwellian lexicon lives on: ""Big Brother.""In the end, it boils down to the book itself. In short, it's a once-in-a-lifetime novel that begs to be read. An enduring classic. It's a book you can read time and again -- I know I have. One man resisting authority. The quest for freedom of thought and speech and liberty.And I've said nothing no one else hasn't said already.You may as well quit reading what people have to say about this great classic and find out for yourself."
"My daughter was reading for school, and I picked it up again to assist her with writing about it.  I remember reading this in high school, but it didn't make an impression on me at the time.  Now I am 30 years older, and I REALLY enjoyed this book.  Having seen the world a bit and watched the advent of the information explosion and how it has affected the way governments interact with their citizens, I find that we need to think about the themes that this classic brings up.  Read it again.  You will like it."
"George Orwell's landmark book 1984 is one of the most important books of the twentieth century. Orwell was deeply distressed at the totalitarian experiments of Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany. He thought that government surveillance and control of the press were trends that could make life an unliveable distopian nightmare.Orwell was a keen observer who saw trends developing in the future. He saw that as technology got more advanced, the repressive governments could gain greater controls of the populace. Orwell saw the rise of China as a reality in the future. He believed that the governments would foster a climate of perpetual war to provide a clear and present danger and a justification for empowering a military-industrial complex and giving justification for the strict controls of communication and the dissemination of information.Orwell shows that the egalitarian rhetoric of the corrupt regimes would never lead to better quailty of life for the peoples of the world. There would be perpetual shortages of consumer goods similar to those of Stalinist Russia. Orwell saw the secret police and show trials of the Soviet Union and the need for occasional purges as especially frightening trends.Orwell did not have a positive outlook about the future. His story of the travails of Winston Smith at the hands of ""Big Brother"" serves as a warning of what could be the result when people fail to be vigilant about protecting fundamental human rights. Orwell was a socialist with anarchist tendencies. However, his warnings can be valuable for people of any ideological persuasion. The book reminds people of the need to protect the right of open communication in the society. Orwell was a critic of the stifling censorship he witnessed in that era. 1984 is an essential book to read. It teaches some valuable lessons about the fact that freedom is fragile and people need to be watchdogs to protect basic civil liberties."
"I was doing a research paper on the year 1984, and according to my teacher, NONE of this actually happened.I got a flippin' F.Last time I ever read a history book by this Orwell scrub.He doesn't know a thing about the 80s.Not ONCE did he mention Def Leppard or Karma Chameleon.I gave my copy to a donkey.He said it was about communism.Ass."
"George Orwell’s negative utopia has been a hugely important influence on our society.  It is the root of cultural mainstays like “Big Brother” and “double think”, and has been required reading for millions of high school seniors.  1984 can be credited with encouraging a healthy skepticism and wariness of governmental overreach, depicting a worse-case scenario of what a totalitarian government may look like.  Whether books like this have influenced Americans’ resistance to the ever-creeping advance of socialism can be debated, but the impact on shaping individual ideologies cannot be denied.We are blessed to live in a prosperous and safe nation, with strong limits on government and strong protections for individuals, but much of the world is very different.  From South America and Africa to Southeast Asia and the Middle East, political opponents around the world mysteriously (or conveniently) go missing all of the time.  People live their lives under the constant and unyielding dictates of regimes that have only their own best interest at heart.  The fear and helplessness so well presented in 1984 is felt in very real ways in the hearts of millions of people around the world today.But even living here in the United States, I find much of this book eerily familiar.  In an age of web-cams, smart phones, street cams, remote weapon-detecting machines, and databases of all sorts, it sometimes feels like we’re living our lives under surveillance.  The rise of political correctness, while based in good intentions, brings to mind Orwell’s depiction of thoughtcrime.  Hate crimes and hate speech have found their ways into our legal systems, and often in the name of diversity we are practically forced into an un-diverse, homogenous line of political thought.  Anthony Holder adamantly maintaining before Congress that “The Underwear Bomber”, “The Times Square Bomber”, and “The Fort Hood Shooter” were not motivated by radical Islam, clearly shows the real-life possibilities of doublethink.  Inconsistent realities showcased by the Ministries of Truth, Plenty, Peace, and Love in 1984 remind me of incongruously-named legislation like the Patriot Act or the Affordable Care Act.  The Junior Police (those children in 1984 trained to root out and report incidences of thoughtcrime in their parents and other adults) remind me of stories about kids accusing their parents of killing the polar bears by being energy inefficient or by driving their SUVs.  While we are obviously a long way from the horrific setting of 1984, there are ominous parallels to our own New Normal.This has long been a favorite of conspiracy theorists, and I can see why. Control the past to control the present.  Who controls our education system, and who has to power to rewrite the past?  Political correctness in history textbooks? You betcha!  While I don’t think it likely that we have anything like a behind-the-scenes Inner-Party pulling strings and intentionally repressing freedom, I do think there is a natural tendency of governments to grow more and more controlling.  Even trivial-seeming or perfectly sensible-seeming laws can add up to a strictly regulated community.  Even in our small towns.  Want to cut down a tree?  Better get a permit.  Want to have a bonfire?  Better get a permit.  Want to build a house, dig a well, pave a driveway, put up a fence, drive a car, get a job, sell lemonade, buy a Big Gulp, get a haircut, cook a meal?  Where is government needed and where does individual responsibility start?  It is a question that societies will always grapple with, but I think that unfortunately the default will typically go towards more regulation at the expense of freedom.  In the name of protecting us from ourselves… well, I shouldn’t too get carried away with this line of thought, but needless to say, this book really touched a nerve with me.1984 is by no means a light or fun read, but it is a read that will encourage serious thought and reflection about the world we live in and the motivations of those in power.  An emotionally powerful book that will draw you in, chew you up, and spit you out.  And before the Thought Police get too upset by my review here, I would like to assure everyone that I am very proud to be an American, and I love my country.  Even with our more and more limited freedoms."
"I'm glad I read this book. It was a fascinating read on the complexities of strict government control. But the story is really more than about government, and it's strict control over the populace. It's about the psychology of humans and living in a society with limited personal freedoms.What I struggled with was the persistent inner-monologue.  This book is written like most 20th century literature and is loaded with the protagonist basically thinking/talking to himself for long periods of time, which, to me, can be quite boring and hard to read.Maybe it's because my generation and I'm not used to such writing styles. Most movies and books these days have more action, more conversation and less inner-monologue. Good or bad, that's the way it is.Otherwise, this lived up to hype and icon status that it is known for."
"George Orwell's oft referenced 1984 is a strikingly visual and visceral portrayal of life under a completely effective totalitarian regime. Orwell's use of adjectives to create a dank, despairing mood is beyond astonishing; I don't think I've ever read anything which approaches its power. He seems to criticize a government which resembles Nazi Germany in many ways, though I don't know exactly what he was aiming his literary ire at.  Overall, an emotionally stabbing book which refuses to allow the reader any positive feelings toward powerful governments."
"I read this book 30 years ago, and I couldn't believe a Government in total control of people's memories and opinions. It seemed like a very distant and utopian future then...Now I read this book again, and the plot is very - frightening - close to reality. Many of the mind-washing methods are in use today, like campaing promisses and even presidential speeches about ""soaring economy"", ""record-breaking production"", and even ""the sacrifice in our well-beign for a brighter future""...Note: 50 years ago, there was no Internet. Just picture what George Orwell could have written then about our present..."
"Never has a book made me think so much and yet be absolutely terrified for the future. Ending is very bleak and gives one the impression that all hope is lost, but I still highly recommend it."
"Mind blowing and all to real. You will view things different and understand what is going on in the world and especially America, no matter what political/religious views you have."
"love this book, no problems on my kindle fire. amazon wants me to write more blah blah blah blah blah"
George Orwell's futuristic world is amazing look at society gone haywire.Also an interesting look at where lots of the language we use today comes from.
"I decided to re-read this book, since I can't really remember reading it in High School.  I'd seen the move years ago, and barely remember it.  However, the notion of ""1984"" and ""Big Brother"" are such colloquialisms, it feels like this book has been engrained in our culture somehow (which is ironically weird).  Anyway, I enjoyed the book to a degree, but it now seems way over done for this day and age.  I can see how this book would have helped spurn on 50's era McCarthy-ism anti-socialism.  The writing style is excellent, and the main character, Winston, is very well done.  He is completely believable, even if the setting and the premise of the book are way out there.  Beyond that, everything in the book is just so over the top, it's hard to take seriously.  The author does make a good point, which is something I didn't expect from this book.  The idea that powerful people would occupy power, and construct a societal system which would allow them to stay in power, strictly for the purpose of power, is very profound.  I remember thinking long ago how ridiculous it was that we could have video cameras and microphones all over the world, and some kind of network to allow monitoring of everything.  Today we purchase devices from Google, Samsung, Motorola, and Apple with just such a capability, all of which are hooked into a world wide network where Google, Amazon, and others electronically analyze every bit of internet data they can get.  I'm not into conspiracy theory, but I find it ironic that private industry seems to be moving in a similar direction that the INSOC government went in 1984."
"Volumes have been written about this book, so it's hard to add something new to everything that has been said about it. So I'd like to emphasize one aspect of 1984 that in my opinion is often overlooked when people discuss this masterpiece. Quite often, this book is criticized for things like simplicity of its plot or flat dialog. Whether you agree or disagree with this kind of criticism (I personally disagree) I think reviews like this totally miss the point. Yes, there are books with more compelling characters, with much more sophisticated plots and with more complex relationships. But this is not the reason 1984 stays popular. What make this novel special is its masterful portrayal of totalitarianism.Majority of modern Western readers who open 1984 have no personal experience with totalitarianism and very vague idea of this kind of society actually means. Sure, we all read news about countries like North Korea, but we read on the same page that talks about Kim Kardashian's marriage. It takes a book like 1984 -- and there aren't many books like this -- to show true horrific nature of totalitarian society. When you read this book you can almost feel how suffocating a society like this is. You nearly experience the monstrosity of a place where even thinking about something forbidden is a crime and where the state completely owns its citizens. The book reminds us that societies like this have always existed and helps us appreciate the freedom we have a little more.This is what makes 1984 special and this is why this book stays relevant for decades."
"I bought this for my wife as she really wanted to read this book. She loved the book and could hardly put it down. Just wish the price was a bit more affordable for a kindle book, but the convenience is really nice."
"Nineteen Eighty-FourBy George OrwellGeorge Orwell creates a world where the government has complete control and even thinking of something that ""Big Brother"" does not seem worthy is punishable by torture and or death. Big Brother has complete control of the citizens and alters the information people receive so that they blindly follow whatever is put forth to them. The main character, Winston Smith, dares to defy what he is being told and tries to rebel, unfortunately he lives in a society where you cannot trust anyone and Big Brother is always watching you.This is definitely a thought provoking novel of blind faith, and the inner workings of the human psyche. What makes children turn on their own parents? What would you do if you were not even allowed to enjoy intercourse? These are just a couple of the questions that George Orwell brings to mind, I am not sure if we could ever truly know the answers to some of the questions that are posed in this novel and I hope we would never have to find out. It was an interesting book and I am glad I read it.  George Orwell was able to capture such a frightening future so realistically some people have begun to believe this story may be prophetic, I myself see it as purely science fiction. This is truly a classic in every sense of the word and I believe it will stand the test of time to scare the daylights out of generations to come."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"When it comes to this book, I have to recommend it. I listened to this book during my deliveries via audiobook. It took me quite a few attempts to actually indulge myself into the story, but once I managed it, I found myself wishing to know more. The book is QUITE slow in the beginning. The whole point is to build up an understanding of why Big Brother is hated. The author puts so much time and words into this, that there is no way you can miss it. By the time it is apply, you are hooked. The climax hooks you in and makes you go page after page in a sitting.The ending.... oh my. You just don't see it coming. I give Orwell Kudos for daring to go there, but you just can't be prepared for it.The point of books like this... is to have you turn the back cover over, with a burning in your stomach and a feeling tingling through your nerves. This book accomplishes this. You leave the book feeling content, yet angry, yet sad, yet longing. You wish for more, but you have to be content with what you were given.A lesson you learn from Big Brother."
"My book club has selected""The Orphan Master's Son"" for next month.  A friend suggested that this was based on ""1984"" and that I should read that again, so after 45 years I went back and discovered ""the more things change, the more they remain the same"".I would not go as far as to say that The Son is too reliant on the work of Orwell, rather to me, it showed a view of what could happen when freedom of thought is held in the hands of a few.Both great books well worth the read and the re-read.  Having them now as ebooks also allows a rapid comparison which was very useful.  Fortunately, to me, the writing styles were very different and thus both held my attention to the end.The characters in 1984 showed less depth and detail, rather the book focused on the fractured society in which it was set.  Quite unbelievable until you realise that ""The Son"" is based in and upon an actual country in today's world.Having older books such as 1984 available so cheaply is another big advantage of ebooks and Amazon's service.Neither book is for the faint hearted.Mick"
"George Orwell is an accomplished author and 1984 is a classic novel written much before its time. Although much of what the world turned into within this story didn't occur, for the most part, I fear what Orwell would say about the advacement in electronic surveillance and reduction in privacy today. I very much enjoyed this story and can easily relate much of the allusions of this book to today's society and it's possible future. However, I don't find the politics and geography of this story very realistic; the same for its primary ideologies. Yes, it's a work of fiction written over 60 years ago but for example it's unlikely Europe (minus England for some reason) would ever side with Russia to make Eurasia any more than South America and South Africa would side with North America to make Oceania. Geographically it sort of makes sense but politically it does not. The whole ""Equatorial Region"" discussion didn't make much sense either. The land area on/near the Equator is probably the least populated with the fewest resources in the world; though I'm not positive about that. I also felt that the chapter containing sections of ""The Book"" was much longer than it needed to be. That one chapter probably took up about a quater of the whole book, and it wasn't even real. The main character was tricked into thinking it was and even he claimed to not learn much from it. Granted this is the chapter that pretty much details Orwell's political ideologies for the world of 1984 but the same points could've been in a more succinct manner which wouldn't sacrifice a thing. Aside from those points, and the fact that 1984 is incredibly depressing/pessimistic (I prefer at least neutral endings), I would recommend this classic book to any political, historical, or literature fans.P.S. The editors really need to go through this book again; it was full of spelling errors."
"I read this book while living in South Korea, about an hour away from North Korea. The more I read the more I realized that this is what life is like for those living across the border. I don't normally read fiction books, but this was one that sucked me in. I couldn't put it down. I read Animal Farm in High School but for some reason never got round to reading any more of his work. Orwell's characters are 3 dimensional and very believable. Julia's character reminded me a lot of the Gen-Y youth of today.The book is depressing, but also has some underlying positive messages. Sadly, Winston loses his will and thus his capacity for emotions after being tortured for a prolonged period of time. As I read this part I found myself getting more and more angry with his captors. They methods were unjust, and they not only dehumanized Winston and the others, but also themselves. They became like animals. Reminded me of Dostoevsky ""If God is dead all things are permissible."" The Party wins in the end, and turns Winston into their slave. But on the positive side, the Party had to expend an enormous amount of energy and time to convert just one person. I kept asking myself why the didn't kill him and just be done with it? Why all the effort. The best answer I came up with was that Winston was no use to them dead, and that if he died as a heretic they would have lost. They would not have had total power, hence the need to break him in the last frontier: His mind, his will and his emotions. This reminded me of the Christian martyrs in the first century AD, who refused to bow to Caesar and went to the deaths bowing to God alone. The Party would never have tolerated that of course.The book is depressing but an absolute must read. At the end I had more questions than answers and I was compelled to have them answered. I searched out the Spark-notes and other resources on the net. Any book that does that is doing what a good book should. One last thing, I don't know if Orwell intended this but throughout the course of the book I became more convinced that smaller governments with less power were better for society."
"ISBN: 978-0-451-52493-5Let me start by saying that 1984 is my favorite book of all time. I want to be buried with this book...but this version leaves something to be desired. I recently purchased the Signet Classic paperback version, which is one of those taller (7 1/2"" X 4 1/4"") paperbacks that started appearing in recent years. I started reading it and noticed there was something subtly different about it. It turns out that my version has been altered. Words that originally had an English (British) spelling in the original, have now been Americanized. Just on the first page, coloured has been changed to colored; moustache to mustache and metre to meter. Now, to some people this may seem like a small thing. To me though, this is aggravating...possibly disturbing. Did the American publishers think that Americans aren't smart enough to read it with the English spelling of some words? The odd thing is that while they altered the British spelling, they left in words that are typically British like: flat (apartment) and lift (elevator)...and again these are just on the first page.To me this is akin to a British film that gets distributed in the US, then the US film distributor decides that they need to overdub a British actor's voice with an American's because they're worried your average Americans wouldn't understand the film.I have found out that there is a Penguin version offered that is the original un-dumbed down version. It's located here:Nineteen Eighty-Four (Penguin Modern Classics)"
"George Orwell's ""1984"" might be the most important fiction book ever written.  Even though Orwell penned his masterpiece back in 1949, the warnings and visions presented in this book are even more powerful and profound today than at any time in the past.  Orwell has presented us with a scary glimpse of what the future could contain if government control and public unconcern go unchecked.  This book not only vividly shows the hopeless future of a global socialist rule, but also breaks down the systematic way in which it could happen.  The book is gripping from page one to the absolutely chilling last sentence.  A+"
"This book should be required reading for every student who purports to live in a ""free society"".  A watershed book.  Orwell's dystopian nightmare grows more relevant with each passing day."
"This is such a grim, frightening and scary book by George Orwell. Set in 1984, it depicts a horrible society where Big Brother (the government) is always watching and you can be punished for ""thought crimes."" There is no freedom at all, and it is just a really punishing and strict society. Winston Smith tries to rebel against the government, and meets two people, Julia, a young woman who hands him a note reading, ""I love you"" and O'Brien, a mysterious man at his workplace. One of these people betrays him, and, against his own instincts, he betrays the other.This is a pretty engaging and suspenseful book, though like I said, it was quite grim, and I think I preferred Animal Farm, as it was more effective in terms of the point Orwell was trying to make and was not quite so grim. However, still a good book.*You can read all of my reviews at my blog, novareviews.blogspot.com*"
"1984 is, quite simply, one of my favorite books.  I first read it when selecting a book for a high school English class project, and have re-read it every few years ever since.  George Orwell's 1949 novel never fails to move me, scare me, worry me, or draw me in.  This reading, I listened to it on audiobook for the first time, an experience I highly recommend.As most know, 1984 is a dystopian novel - the English language dystopian novel to many (one of these days, I've got to read Russian author Yevgeny Zamyatin's We, which preceded 1984).  Set in the oppressive future of 1984 in London, the major city of Airstrip One (formerly England), the novel chronicles the efforts of everyman Winston Smith to defy the omnipotent ruling Party of Oceania, the principles of Ingsoc (English Socialism), and - most especially - the ever-present, omniscient gaze of Big Brother, the symbol and embodiment of the system itself.Smith begins to rebel in various ways, in particular with his lover Julia.  Merely loving anyone but Big Brother is itself a crime.  Winston and Julia carry on their relationship, both out of feelings for each other and to break the rules they despise.  Eventually, of course, they are arrested by the Thought Police, since - after all - Big Brother Is Watching.  Taken to the Ministry of Love for re-education, Winston learns what the Party is really after.Many of the elements of the novel have become concerns for modern times, especially with technological innovations that have made Orwell's science fiction science reality.  Surveillance, censorship, perpetual war, manufactured patriotism, control of the language, exploitation of the middle classes.  Orwell drew much of his inspiration from the Soviet Union, but it's easy to find examples of all these concerns in the front page of your local newspaper on a daily basis.As much as the technology is terrifying, the truly disturbing part of 1984 is in the mind of our hero, Winston.  His struggle to remain himself while being both figuratively and literally, mentally and physically, beaten down by the apparatus of the party is gut-wrenching, as is the final result of the struggle.  The last line of the book is one of - perhaps the most - powerful I've ever read.As I stated above, this was the first time I've listened to 1984 as an audiobook.  I listened to Blackstone Audio's 2007 production, narrated by Simon Prebble.  Prebble is a favorite of mine, and he's at his best here.  There's a certain gravity to Prebble's voice that invests his work with a power that, while enjoyable in other books, is vital here to reflect the spirit of the novel.  Winston's struggles, hopes, sufferings, all are brought to vivid, grim life by Prebble's strong narration.  I highly recommend Prebble's reading to anyone looking to listen to 1984.  The production runs approximately 11.5 hours.1984 is a classic.  I cannot recommend Orwell's masterpiece enough.  Though 1984 has come and gone, Orwell's powerful warning remains timeless."
"I found very amazing how contemporary so many concepts in this book are:  it is easy to imagine the political context into which Orwell wrote this book, but you can also turn on the news today and see exactly the same things... politics, (social) media, war... it's all in there.  Also from the same author ""Animal Farm"" is pretty good, but 1984 really pushes it to the extreme."
"I read this book back in the '60's and seeing the events unfolding with the election of Obama, I wanted to see how much of Orwell's prediction are coming to fruition...starting with the BIG SCREEN TV's and now ""drones"" being used over American air space...scary!The book itself is rather slow reading (haven't finished)written in the 1st person with attention to details so very good for the imaginative mind.  Still curious as to the outcome as I forgot the ending.  More when completed.Would I recommend this book?  depends, but not for everyone...I liked reading ""The Help"" better with the character interactions..."
"I was excited about reading ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"". One of Orwell's two best known fictional works (the other being ""Animal Farm""), this is by far more well-known and influential. However, I found ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"" to be less engaging as a novel.I guess it's hard not to start off talking about the themes, which at this point are almost inseparable from its cultural influence. It's one of the defining dystopian novels, and is more or less an extension of totalitarianism that existed while Orwell was alive. I think the best way of describing this book is that it's an extension of ""Animal Farm"", except from the perspective of someone within the Party. In this world totalitarianism has progressed further.The world-building is, for the better part, believable. Telescreens, Newspeak, doublethink, the Ministries, the Junior Spies, etc, are all well-conceived and realistic within the context of the underlying history. And above all else, the all-encompassing nature of Big Brother looms. (Although there is an exception to this, in the proles.)This comprises a significant portion of the first part of the book. (""Nineteen Eighty-Four is divided into three parts.) In combination to this, there's alot of foreshadowing and set-up for later. We get exposed to the protagonist's life, his thoughts about this world, and how he tries to reconcile this with all else he knows. Basically, it's a combination of a character study and a world study. Orwell also takes the time to examine why this society is the way it is.The second part, I feel, is where the real story is. Some of the set-up in the previous part begins to be used, and we're taken through a rather compelling relationship. Looking back, I have some slight issues with believability, but I don't think these hold. At the end we get a big slab of infodumping via the protagonist reading several chapters of a book. This takes up 25-30 pages; the entire part is 100 pages. While this gives background into the history of the world, and I suppose also some of Orwell's personal thoughts, and was also informative, I don't think the length of it was warranted. For me, it detracted from the story at hand.The third and final part was great in some places and flat in others. At times it runs into what is almost a polemic, often with large chunks of flat dialogue. Think of the metaphorical head and sledgehammer. And while other parts were quite engaging and powerful, they were less so because of these large divergences. As with the reading of the book in part II, it's far too long and blunt for my taste. It takes what's already implied, or what would better be expressed through implication, and brings it out into the open. I can't help but compare it to ""Animal Farm"", and the restraint Orwell showed there; ""Animal Farm"" comes out on top.Orwell's writing is superb, as ever. As in everything else he's done, the writing is clear and precise, and his thoughts are deep, complex and detailed. He describes things in a plain, understated way. However, I still feel that the large sections where Orwell brings everything into the open diminish the rest of the story. The continuous critique of totalitarianism is overwhelming, and as such, in my opinion, undermines the remaining story. Alot of the moments in the book, particularly the last chapter, had the potential to be really powerful, but because this story wasn't the focus of the narrative they end up being far less moving.Basically, if you want to read a treatise against totalitarianism, this book is for you. Personally, I wanted a greater focus on the story that was set-up and then begun in part II. The story being told isn't bad, but it gets lost in the long, unsubtle diversions. If you disagree, I would love to discuss the book in the comments section.3/5"
"A dreary vision of a tolitarian and invasive world where the peoples minds and thoughts, and even there sexual desires are controled. A violation or a suspected thought of disagreement is punishable by death. But a few people still see the world for what it is, and cannot figure out if they are better or worse than before the ""Revolution"".It is honestly a very sad story as there can be only one end for these poor people. Still a must read for anyone who sees their government for what it really is."
"In high school I read parts for class-- only now did I read the whole thing. I underestimated the length of the Afterword/Appendix so I was not expecting the story to end when it did because it seemed I still had such a sizable clump of paper between the fingers of my right hand. The ending came up so suddenly and kicked me in the face. After I turned the page and saw there was no story left I literally said out loud ""f---, son"".No wonder this is a classic. For those of you who think they read it but really only skimmed it for school-- read it eventually. Damn it's powerful. Part 1 was my favorite. Part 3 seemed to drag on and get redundant but then I realized that's the entire point. Also I thought it was awesome that it included within itself excerpts from ""the book"" enabling Orwell spit his philosophy right out in front of the reader in an analytical fashion without taking anything away from the story.9/10...took 2 days to read cover to cover. Left me with that empty ""I wish I knew more"" feeling combined with the dark apathy that was the theme throughout.""To die hating them, that was freedom."""
"This book was absolutely impressive (or in Newspeak-Doubleplusgood)! It was unfortunate that I wasn't able to read this novel in high school when most people should. After reading it in my free time, I was absolutely astounded. This book has been challenged all around the world for its controversial content. It is especially important for those who are capable of reading this book to do so. It sheds light on the importance of freedom of thought, freedom of expression, and freedom of being human. As long as this book is around, humans will understand the importance of freedom.Zachary B. MedinaAuthor of Decador"
"I think this book is probably one of the most important social commentaries that one can read to this day.To one degree or another, any and all forms of government make use of the kind of tools of cohersion and disinformation described in the gloomiest parts of the book. The book however, centers around the description of what the writer perceives to be the ultimate destiny for any nation that embraces communism. Orwell himself, believed in the ideals that even in its infancy -Socialism- ""seem"" so sublime in theory, but ultimately and inevitably end in the total control of information, and abolition of the personal rights of the people, as well as the distruction of individuality in all of its forms. After having fought and bled in battlefields for the said ""ideals"", he had a rude awakening from his dream, and had to face the terrible reality of living in such a system, in the soviet union.It is after this crude realization of his blunder, that Orwell pens down this 'must read', devastating slap of the mind.I believe this book is particularly appropriate for the times we live in, when many inAmerica, including some of the most popular politicians, are beginning to flirt with socialism.Weather you take this piece of literarure as a cautionary tale, or simply a deep and engaging piece of reality based fiction, this will surely be one of the most memorable books you ever read."
"Eerily prescient. Strongly recommended especially in this era of surveillance. Based on past and current events of the 1940s, it could be today's headlines."
"The title draws you in, but in the end, it really doesn't matter.  Did you know that Orwell was going to name the book 1948?  In the end, he named it 1984 (a play on numbers perhaps?).  The title is just that, a title, but how you feel about the government and life will never be the same after reading this book.  And how you feel about being in your own home next to a television will never be the same either.I read this a few months ago and you know those books that you want to throw across the room when you are done, the ones that have penetrated into your heart and cut it to shreds?  This is such a book.  Many say it's recommended reading, well I guess it is, but it's also a book you NEED to read so you can add it to the short list of those that remain with you always.Oh, the sadness is creeping up.  I won't give away the ending, but let's just say that you will feel outrage and a terrible sort of emptiness.  Let it sink in and know that this book touches on what is real, not just some sort of imagined nightmare.  Take care and think happy thoughts."
"Mandatory read for every us citizen. Used to be required reading on every high school reading list, but due to the totalitarian thought police ,just like the ones conceived of in this futuristic warning, some liberal schools have shyed away from it doe to political political correctness.this book is a warning to every American.this could be you, our country, our society,if we relinquish out freedoms.if I had to choose the one most thought provoking book I have ever read or taught this is it!"
"The key part of the book is near the end where O'Brien is brainwashing Winston and explaining how the system works.The Party's main problem is to keep the middle and lower classes hungry and fearful, and to make sure that the products of automation don't supply them with comfort and leisure.The only way to do this is through eternal war, so that all excess production goes to weapons that are blown up or sunk in the ocean.  It doesn't even matter if the war is real or not - the obsolete weapons are scrapped anyway. The important thing is to keep people poor so the class structure survives with the party on top.The other key is to keep the population in a constant state of screaming enraged hatred. Anyone that looks ""foreign"" will get rounded up and executed.  The country is saturated in phony ""patriotism"" over a war that probably doesn't even exist.The government also pushes a national Puritanical drive to stamp out sex. And of course they use torture on a massive scale, and they apply it more or less randomly to get false confessions.The only thing that make the book more anti-communist than anti-Fascist is that the Christian churches have been closed.  The Nazis did not close churches, only synagogues.Orwell was a life-long socialist but not a pacifist."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston smith1984"
"Note to US Congress and house of representatives:This is a fictional book, not an instruction manual.I suggest you read this one instead:Bill of Rights"
"As I grow older, I recognize that my outlook on society and life as a whole has evolved. This change is not an immediate or an overnight change but rather a gradual shift that has occurred over months and years. These changes are the result of exposure to ideas.1984 is a book that is frequently referenced these days, by terms like ""Big Brother"" or Orwellian. After reading an article stating that ""1984 is upon us"" I decided that it was time for me to read this book to fully understand why ""1984"" was significant in any way and applicable in the year 2013.It only took me a little over 24 hours to read through this book.  All depending on where you live in the world, you can download it for free because the copyrights have expired.  If you live in the United States, you can certainly find an electronic copy online, however; to download it is illegal because the copyrights have not yet expired in the states.The book is fairly easy to read, after the first few pages I found myself immediately captivated and drawn into the world that Orwell had imagined could be the future.  I do not wish to spoil anything for you or plant any ideas in your mind about the value of this text, other than to say I expect it will change you.I highly recommend reading this."
"I had read this novel long before 1984 and with all the references to it in the latest ""big brother"" news leaks, I thought i would do a re-read.  Glad i did!"
Undoubtedly Orwell's best novel. It draws you in and is riveting to the last page. Pity about the lack of spaces between words towards the end of the book. A must read classic relevant through all the decades and more so now than ever.
"My husband and I and our grown up children have read this book numerous times. 1984 is one of those classics that should be read and reread again and again just to remind us of what is real and what is not. One can only turn on the news to see we are beginning to once again see through the eyes of Newspeak to face the truth of how we are being watched and analyzed through our cell phones, our computers, our everything. (our cables through Netflix...even our talking appliances as reported just yesterday if we're rich enough to have those new items in our homes) Today is an update of 1984. I love my country but I don't want to see it go down, down, down. Unfortunately, as George Orwell showed us, we are looking at the movie come alive. Lord come quickly.Recommend a reread of Animal Farm too and go back to Soilant Green (sp)."
"It is surely an interesting read, revealing a lot about what can happen to us.  My only 'negative' about it is that it feels more helpless than I actually feel."
"Well I finally got around to reading this and am glad to have experienced it for myself. I can't say I was that blown away or shocked by it and I'm not sure if it's just because I knew about the book for so long and it didn't meet my expectations or for some other reason.To be honest I had no idea what this book was really about other than it was set in a dystopian world with Big Brother always watching.  I knew nothing about the characters Winston and Julia and the actual plot of the book.  So it was great to discover and actually get a feel for the book instead of having it as this abstract concept.That being said, I didn't really get drawn into the plot or feel that much for the characters. I don't know if I was even meant to and I think a classic book like this makes me over think things and wonder if I'm missing some bigger points.In the middle part of the novel when Winston is reading the book, things slowed down quite a bit and I had a hard time staying interested.  I didn't think the way the world was set up really made that much sense and it seemed strange that there were only 3 regions and their names were Oceania, Eastasia, and Eurasia.  I mean, doesn't Oceania refer to Australia and other islands in that region?  I just had a hard time picturing that world and kept thinking of Australia every time Oceania was mentioned.Plus I have to say that I have an entirely different perspective of the world than Winston and so I couldn't always relate to his thought processes and what happened to him later in the book.  I kept thinking how I would have behaved if I were in that situation so it was definitely thought provoking and I kept hoping for a happy ending.So this book didn't dazzle me.  Parts of it were definitely scary and of course the writing was excellent.  Again, I keep thinking I'm missing something so I want to do a bit of research and get some other interpretations of this book.  I'll be interested to read others' reviews as well and get more insight into this book that has become such a huge part of our culture."
"Absolutely wonderful novel, even after all these years!  I read it in high school (long, long ago) and wanted to re-read it to consider relevance to our current times."
"In teaching history -- the Russian Revolution and its aftermath -- alongside 1984, the students could immediately make the connections between the two, especially with Stalin's humiliation of the Eastern European communist politicians.  This is a horrific account of a human future without God, as is communism.  Well worth the read despite the distasteful subject and themes."
"Like most everybody my age (54), this book was either required our desired reading in junior high or high school and I was among those readers.  This time I wanted to see the movie but a review of the movie said to be sure to read the book first.  However, it had been so long since I read 1984 that I decided to read it again.  First of all, I was really glad that I purchased the audio as well as the e-book, the narration was so well done and vivid and made it possible to read in the car when I wanted to get to the ending quicker.  But as far as the story, this book is still a good read and maybe even better as an adult than when I was a kid.  I found myself comparing it to even modern day politics and realizing that Orwelle's wasn't just a hypothetical / prophetic peek into the future of his time, but a peek in to the future of any power hungry totalitarian form of government.  It's still a cautionary tale and now I can't wait to see the movie to see how well they did.One little caveat that I've been thinking about since I first posted this review.  I heard awhile back that people couldn't get 1984 as an e-book and then that there were complaints that section(s) were missing.  I don't know if that's true but it sure could be and how 1984 of them if it is.  So as much as I like the e-books because they save the clutter and keep all of my books handy all the time - I started wondering if someday the books that we love so much will be gone (or even worse, altered) and maybe we really should keep a hard copy handy.  I haven't replaced this one in hard copy, but just a thought - especially if you see how possible 1984 is becoming even in our lifetime...remember the telescreens watching them?  Well, just saying.  :)"
"I really enjoyed reading 1984 by George Orwell. I believe that this should be a required reading in schools. He sets up the scene of a totalitarian government in such a realistic way. The reader can step into Winston's shoes and feel as if they are put in his situation through Orwell's great use of description and imagery. Since the novel is so realistic, the reader can question the world around them, and wonder if the government is telling them all the truth. When I first picked this book up, I was not sure if I would be fond of it because it seemed to be centered on government. However, there is something in 1984 for everyone. There is even romance. I would definitely recommend this book to my friends."
"The idea of at totalitarian state that Orwell presents in the novel may not have occurred in the year 1984 as we can see looking back on history; however, Orwell brings forth a concept that protrudes to the forefront of many minds in today's society. No one can truly know what the future has in store for us - one can only hope that the future is not one that is synonymous with that of 1984.This novel is an action-pack, suspense-filled piece of literature that will keep the reader on edge throughout the last bit of the last chapter. I recommend this book to the greatest extent as I usually do not enjoy many long literary works since my school forces me to read them if I wish to achieve academic success. However, this book was rather interesting and appealed to a tough crowd. Try to read this book with a friend or two as it contains much philosophical dialogue that serves as gasoline to a heated, fiery discussion on the principles of philosophy and reality."
"I would recommend this book to, well, everyone. There are so many important concepts in this book and others by George Orwell in general. If you or someone you know has not read this book or doesn't remember it PLEASE read it. You brain will thank you. :)"
"Every possible thought was in this book. I looked at society, human nature, myself, my fears, the cycles of societies. Even at chapters that terrified me, I could not stop reading. There are so many symbols and oxymorons that flex and morph how I think(in a good way)."
"The book moved slowly and made quite a feeling of self boredom just like Winston in the first part if the book. As the book progressed it made more of an understanding of what the Party is and how much control they have. George Orwell makes you, the reader, see what can happen in the future if we let our governments take to much control. Although the end is quite disappointing it makes a well detailed warning."
"If you want to laugh, cry, and be scared at the same time, then this is the book for you. The Guardian by Nicholas Sparks is a book about love and suspense. This novel involves a young woman named Julie who is a widow because her husband Jim had recently died; he had left her a dog named Singer who acted like her guardian angel and was there to protect her. All Julie wanted to do was be in love again, so when she began dating again, she began falling for the perfect guy named Richard. Richard was truly perfect for her, but his constant demands and his bipolar attitude made Julie realize that he wasn't the one for her. So, Julie broke up with Richard and began falling for her best friend named Mike. Little did Julie know that this deeply angered Richard which made him do some things that he's not really proud of. As Julie and Mike had to get through all of the things Richard did to retaliate, they both stuck through it and made their love stronger. This book was immensely suspenseful because Richard's actions are unpredictable and keeps one on their toes.The author's viewpoint and main idea is to educate readers and young teens about the art of love and obsession. The author uses a technique of allowing there to be two different perspectives in the book: thoughts of Julie's and thoughts of Richard's. He showed evidence of the book by interpreting Richard's thoughts and the plans of attack he plotted in his head to make Julie's life miserable, which made the book that much more interesting. He also lets the reader to understand how and why Richard does the things he did to Julie. Also, Sparks uses evidence for the love between Mike and Julie by showing them sticking together and getting through all these rough plots that Richard has set up to get them to break up, but they have stuck through them all clearly showing their love for one another until the very end. The stress Richard put upon their relationship was enough stress to break them apart, but their true love for one another outgrew the threats thrown at them.The author's argument is convincing because he clearly shows and provides evidence on concluding his argument which is that love truly does conquer all. When Richard was angry at Julie for so long and did many things that I can't say or else id ruin it for you, Mike had stuck with her even when Richard sabotaged them in order to break them up, but their love conquered all and they found a way to stick with each other through it all.This book isn't like other novels written because of its suspenseful and twisted plot. Most love novels are about two people who fall in love, break up, and then get back together and live happily ever after; this is no typical love story. However, this book is different in that it provided insight on how strong their love was because of the twisted plot Sparks created. This love story also included horror, deaths, obsessions, and made the reader's heart pound intensely, not only because of the love scenes but also for the scenes in which Richard plotted his plans to make Julie miserable and showed he did what he did.I feel as if this book would be interesting to people who love Nicholas Sparks' books about love and love sorties. However, this book would also appeal to any type of aged person who wants to find a book about not only love but also suspense. Most people don't like love stories because they believe in the stereotypes said about them, but this book gives a mixture of many different genres that would appeal to any average aged person. However, this book appeals more strongly to girls and women than guys and men. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a thrilling book."
I had to read 1984 while I was in High School and I was really too young and sheltered to understand its meaning.  As an adult I thought I would give it a second look so I ordered from Amazon via supplier.  The book was in excellent condition and it arrived as projected.  They even sent me a follow-up letter.  Great customer service.
"A comment on the ""packaging"": Though the paper quality is nice, the book has rough cut edges, which for me makes the pages harder to turn. When flipping through, it's difficult to turn just one page at a time. Also, the print is a little hard to read; the font is Times style, and the thin parts of the font are much thinner than the thick parts, unusually so, making the letters harder to recognize."
"What could I possibly say about 1984 that hasn't already been said? Perhaps only how the concept of doublethink chilled me to the marrow:""The power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them... To tell deliberate lies while genuinely believing in them, to forget any fact that has become inconvenient, and then, when it becomes necessary again, to draw it back from oblivion for just as long as it is needed, to deny the existence of objective reality ...""Reality is the vast majority of truly successful horror."
"1984 was a great book talking about the dangers of authoritarian governments finally learning from pas failures. The main character Winston tells of his life living and rebelling in himself of this authoritarian government. The country of Oceania is trapped in a never ending state of war though in reality no battles are ever fought. The book deals with Winston trying to learn about a past realizing the past he has learned from the party never really existed. Winston himself has helped the party change the past. The party looks for unique ways to steal away freedoms by using things such as doublethink (the act of forgetting a past reality once it immediately changes) which lead them to get their population to believe in things such as 2+2=4. Winston also seeks an escape from the party forming a secret love affair with a girl named Julia. Together they try to escape the party. They are able to show how difficult or impossible escape really is. This book may have been an alternate reality with the year 1984 having passed many years ago, but the danger warns about reflect some elements of today's society. I also feel it's a really good read."
"Humans, regardless of free will, can all fall victim to dangerous obedience. 1984 by George Orwell is set in a dystopian United Kingdom, now deemed Oceania. A lawless party rules over with a cult of personality consisting of an elusive, all-knowing (due to the Thought Police and ever-present devices called telescreens) figure known as Big Brother--or as some fondly address as, BB. This novel shocks with its possibilities. George Orwell demonstrates a theoretical but very plausible type of society that can occur when authority gains excessive control and its people prefer `blissful' ignorance as seen through Winston's characterization and the conformity in the people around him. Winston Smith is a lowly ranked party member himself; however, Orwell writes the novel from a perspective where his private identity is shown. He begins off with starting his own diary. From the beginning, the reader is taken aback--literacy seems to be dangerous and Newspeak, which is far cries from the articulate language today, dominates. Reading and schooling seems to be not as prioritized in this society and even if present, is altered and maintained by party interests. I enjoyed this novel because it demonstrated the common idea that humans without proper education, fall victim to ignorant or blind obedience to authoritative figures. Even in early scenes in the novel, Orwell describes Winston as falling in step to the animal-like behavior of the people around him as they all hysterically scream over an infamous party traitor. I highly recommend this novel because of its nature as a classic; although it takes some time to truly be able to dive into (I struggled to stay completely interested after the first two chapters) it sends a sharp, vital message that all individuals should be familiar with."
"1984 takes place in a country named Oceania, a negative utopia.  In this country, miniscule amounts of freedom are given to citizens and the government encourages conformity and submission.  Winston Smith, the main character, edits documents which may contradict thoughts and beliefs of the current government.  In addition, he writes articles for a newspaper called The Times, written entirely in Newspeak.  Newspeak is the official language of Oceania and was invented to limit the individuality of humans by stripping language of variety.  This limited language is one of the many ways in which the government manipulates its citizens into being thoughtless human beings.  After living a structured and dull life for as long as he could remember, Winston reassesses his life and decides to put a stop to the immense amount of control and power that the government has.  The decision that he made would alter his life forever and force him to revaluate his life.  This book deals with key topics about humanity and the desire for power.  Orwell seemingly predicts the effects of communism and the ugly truth about politics, war, and society.  The nature of this society makes readers think about the value of individuality, education, passion, and much more.  The Thought Police constitutes another form of control over citizens.  Humans are required not to think unacceptable thoughts, dream of anything corrupt, appear abnormal, or behave in a chaotic way.  Although the society declares that no rules have been defined, the punishments for disobeying orders are so severe that people stay away from doing anything suspicious or something which would draw attention towards oneself.  The plot portrays a message about the purpose of life and the positives of differences and inequality.  The stupendous writing and impeccable vocabulary makes this read exiting and intriguing.  From the first page, you'll be rooting for the successful overthrow of the government and will remain hopeful that Winston can make a positive change to this society - compelling read!"
"great book, great presentation, first time i bought something for kindle. really please so far. looking forward to new titles and new features for kindle."
"Working my way through NPR's list of the ""Top 100 Science Fiction, Fantasy Books,"" I eventually came to George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four, widely recognized as one of the best books of the last century.  Although I was not a huge fan of Animal Farm as far as reading for entertainment, I was able to recognize the importance of the book when viewing the message, and the genius behind Orwell's story, an idea which had never been approached before.  Nineteen Eighty-Four contains the same structure, although presented as dystopian fiction rather than satire.Reading the book 60 years after it was published, it is hard to fathom that Orwell could have such a prescient view on society, even well after the titular year on which his story is based. Ideas and themes surrounding an oligarchy that takes control of society through fear and compliance might sound alien to today's readers, until really examined against the political structure of several current dictatorships. Although Nineteen Eighty-Four didn't keep me on the edge of my seat like today's traditional ""science fiction"" novel, the concept of it and the time it was written will resonate well after the final chapter.  This is one of those rare novels that engages the reader in thought not only during the story but for years afterwards as well.  Although I would not recommend it to anyone as an ""airplane read,"" it does deserve its place atop the list of Science Fiction's Best and is required reading for any fan of dystopian fiction.Edit: Unfortunately Amazon's oligarchical reviewer guidelines and character limit prevent me from listing all 1984 reasons to read this book so I have revised my review to include the top two."
I purchased the e-version of this book to be read on my Kindle. There were numerous spelling errors where two words had been combined into one. The further intothe book theworse it got. Two to three errorsper page.  I believe a spell checkwould have pickedthese allup.
"**spoilers kind of**I forgot how odd the ""love story"" is. Almost campy at times, almost soap opera like. Yet it keeps you interested, makes the characters seem alive, and make you realize how difficult it must be. The best is after the **SPOILER** capture. You get lost in time just like the main character, that means great writing. If you have the same feelings and thoughts as the main character, you have been pulled in."
"Just to add my voice to the rest here. It's hard to overstate the combination of message, artistry, and foresight in this book."
"In accordance with the dystopian theme of this book, it should be required reading. 1984 is my all time favorite book. The characters are powerful and the plot is disturbingly reflective of some of the challenges we face today. The entire text is littered with powerful messages such as; ""war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength"".  Orwell creates a world in 1984 that speaks to us all on a visceral level. Peering into a possible future reminding us that the road to dystopia is long and paved with good intentions. Orwell is a literary genius. If I could convince someone to read only one book it would be this one. The themes expressed compel you to reflect on our own world and contemplate our own future. Please read this book you will not be disappointed! If you read it and want more I'd suggest Brave New World by A. Huxley as well. My 2nd all time favorite."
"Fast shiping, the item arrived as described. Different cover though, but it's alright.I have not started the book yet, but I have heard that it was a great book"
"There are spoilers in my review.Orwell's 1984 is essential reading for any educated American citizen. The brilliance of this work, and the reason that it remains relevant to this day, is that the depictions of the dystopian London seem ridiculous at first, but are actually rehashings of many government practices found State-controlled countries. These depictions contain enough truth in them for us to reflect upon the practices found in our own governments with a cynical eye. In the twenty-first century, the issue of the state asserting its power into personal facets of our lives is more relevant than perhaps thirty years ago. This book has not become dated in the last sixty years, and because its depictions of oppressive state practices have become literary tropes in of themselves, this book will not become dated for quite some time.However, the brilliance of this book lies in the first two chapters. The detailed deceptions of the inner working of the government and the rebellion via love and human interaction end there. The third and last chapter is the weakest. The third chapter acts as a logical extension to the first two. Big Brother first enters your home, and then your love. The last thing left is for him to enter your mind. The problem is that the first two chapters have counterparts (at least in influence) to real life. When you push something to its logical extreme, you always run the risk of losing the feeling of relevancy that comes with sticking to real world analogies. I can't help but feel that the third chapter had somehow left planet earth and was more concerned about the logical extremes that Big Brother would force, rather than exploring life under Big Brother's regime. The first two chapters had just enough truth for us to question the practices of our own government. The last chapter seems to have lost that brilliance and was more focused on giving us an old science-fiction-inspired view of the government controlling our minds."
I'm not a big fan of fiction books but was trying to go back and read some classics this is a great read. You should also read Animal Farm its a quick read and has a great moral to the story.
1984 is still as relevant today as it ever was - in fact probably more so as some of the things he wrote about actually came true. A must read!!!
"You can remain ignorant or not, it's your choice, but every single patriotic American should get this book and educate himself on what is happening right now in the year 2012.I love sports and all the other modern day circuses as much as the next guy, but really you need to have as much passion for politics and knowing what the people in power are really doing instead of wasting all your attention and energy towards sports."
"Okay, this review will have spoilers, I am sorry, but it's the only way I feel I can make my point. I will say, without spoiler, that this book could have been amazing. I gave it two stars because the writing was very detailed. I could see it. I knew what the hall looked like, the house, the coral. I KNEW what he was seeing. But two stars is all I'm giving for that, and here's why... I followed this book, I felt the build up and the suspense, I loved it four stars worth... <spoiler> until he started reading Goldstein's book. That's when the story began to fall apart, when I realized that there wasn't going to really be a story at all.At this point, it really felt like Orwell wrote everything up until then just so he could give a long drawn out speech about a society that could have been and if it had been, it would suck. And I think I may have still clung on to liking the book, I would have overlooked the lecture part, if at the end, there was something to walk away with, some point to the story other than 'if this happens, it will be bad'. Yeah, it would. But this is a book, give me more than a lecture. There were just so many parts that I could not get on board with.Let's start with his meeting with O'Brien. O'Brien told him that there would be no group meetings, there was not an organization. Winston would take his orders from O'Brien, himself, or maybe one or two other people. Though Winston held high suspicions of everything and everyone throughout the book, why not even a slight apprehensiveness here? Why not question why he might have to throw acid into a child's face or spread a venereal disease? If you are questioning everything about your society and world, why blindly grasp on to this line of reasoning without even asking about it? I understand that you are raised with a different set of standards and understandings, but you are telling me that you are suspicious of EVERYTHING else, but that this line of talk seems acceptable to you, and that you should blindly accept it? No questions? No sneaking worry that perhaps something is not right?And Julia in all of this? In earlier conversations, she had stated quite clearly that she had no desire to rebel like this. She wanted to rebel mentally and sexually, but that was all. And yet, he denounced everything for her, he said that she would also throw acid in baby's faces. She only spoke up when it came to them separating. Why? She was a strong woman earlier, very strong in her stance on only being a rebel from the waist down. She knew that his form of rebellion is suicide. But now, in the presence of O'Brien, she was mousy. She apparently wanted this too and had not a word to say otherwise. Why? Why, Julia, did you abandon EVERYTHING you had previously said, wanted, felt... and done it blindly without discussion?Then came the book of boredom. I kept waiting to read something to the effect of ""so the government using mind control by lacing the Victory gin and using subliminal messaging in the Tele's"" but no. Just Socia-Political garble again.Okay, so then they were caught. And it was O'Brien that was the Thought Police. Saw that coming after the meeting. And they start torturing Winston, okay... but why? O'Brien says to make you back to a good little follower so we can kill you then, as a believer... You know, because that's how we do it. We go through all this time and effort for no real end effect, just to kill you after you re-convert.Oh, and somehow, we can actually read your mind. Huh?And in the end, what was that? He was a good little lazy boy? What was the point of the whole thing? Of him knowing society and the government was wrong? Of him loving Julia? Of any of it? Why tell me a story like that? If not one single thing came of it, what was the point? There was nothing to hold on to, in the end. If, let's say, he was that shell of a man, but had constant dreams of Julia, his perfect love, though he could not recall who she was... only the feeling of that perfect happy... I could hold on to that. If, he died with her name on his lips, I could hold on to that. If she turned out to be the bad guy, or O'Brien turned out to be the jackass he is but was ALSO Goldstein, or Goldstein was actually Big Brother, or anything that was actually a twist, a plot, or somehow monumental or even pretty big, I could hold on to that. But this story just ended kinda blah. It was just 'This guy thinks the government is wrong. He realizes they are jerks. Some hot chick likes him and they get together. He then makes a friend from work who he thinks hates the government too. He promises to do mean things to get back at the government if his friend asks him to. But what? His friend ends up being a governmental prick and torturing him until he really likes the government. Then, he doesn't like his girlfriend anymore and he gets to drink gin all the time and the government doesn't change at all, and the girlfriend doesn't really like him anymore either. The end.' Where is the story in that?And I know! I get flak because it's revolutionary and deep and BIG BROTHER and all that. But I'm holding my ground on this one. Two stars at MOST!Ug"
"The grim darkness in which this book is written vividly paints the first picture that pops into my mind anytime I think of a totalitarian state, increasing government control or oppressing individualism and individual freedoms (and most any dystopia for that matter). It's not like Huxley's `Brave New World', which is designed as a utopia and actually has some innocuous circumstances,  or Zamyatin's `We', which is also designed as a utopia and at least holds a clean appearance for its citizens, it's an extreme extrapolation of even North Korea. There is absolutely nothing appealing or redeeming about the 1984 society or life, which makes the main character's life all the more fascinating.The reach and relevance of this book to today are profound in that there are frequent references to it and its ideas in other books, movies, the media and even idle coffee shop conversations as it is the foundation of terms/concepts such as Orwellian, Big Brother, thoughtcrime/ Thought Police, War is Peace, doublethink, newspeak, etc. That combined with it being a good, well-written, thought provoking book make for a compelling reason to read it."
Everyone should read this for a perspective on government invasion of privacy.  It is very interesting that Orwell wrote this in 1949!
"While this book seems to be fairly standard fare in high school, I managed to avoid it and read the novel as an adult. I'm glad it took me this long. I don't think the teenager in me would have fully appreciated it as much. The novel describes a totalitarian society, ruled by the iron fist of ""The Party"", and where even dissident thoughts, and not just actions, are considered a crime. The plot follows thirty-nine year old Winston Smith, who struggles with accepting the seemingly immortal regime. Much of the literature and other media that deals with totalitarian society owes its elements to the ones developed in Ninety Eighty-Four, and sometimes it's hard to recognize that that which has now become cliché was still novel at the time of publication. I think this contributes to the first part of the novel feeling quite slow. However, one thing to keep in mind is that while some plot elements may seem predictable, the reader should be prepared to be pleasantly surprised. One major flaw in the work, in my opinion, is that the narrative grinds to a halt about two-thirds of the way into the book. Orwell introduces what is essentially a treatise on the society he constructed. While fascinating at first, I found that it detracted from my overall enjoyment of the work. The last one hundred pages, however, make it completely worth it. The psychological elements here are terrifying, and even the reader begins to lose hope in this frightening but always possible future. Orwell sends a stark warning to future generations with this novel, which makes it plain to see why it has become such a classic. I would recommend to anyone to re-read if they had read it in their youth."
"A timeless book, especially in todays world. I had read it years ago, and enjoyed reading it again. Recommended for all."
"Was a good book, but could have PLENTY of more features like an appendix or quotes and synopsis added. Otherwise, a good book, 1894 is a masterpiece from Orwell."
"I normally don't write reviews however, this time i feel compelled. I want to start off saying everyone needs to read this book. I originally read this on my kindle windows phone app. As you can see it's no longer available electronically. When you read the book you'll understand why they don't want it to be so readily available. Although most of what's happening in todays world is beyond 1984.I ordered & read this three months ago. Then approximately a month ago Amazon deleted it from my phone!!! Totally elligal. They did not refund my money nor did they offer to. Not only did they delete 1984 they deleted ALL my books!!! About eight total. I also was in the middle of reading Behind The Green Mask (another MUST read) by Rosa Koire, exposing the governments agenda for the 21st century. I'm surprised this is still available on Kindle.Well, people i'm just going to have buy the hard copy of 1984. The government won't be able to steal THAT copy from me!The answer to 1984 is 1776. Listen to Infowars.com with Alex Jones"
"George Orwell's genius and prophetic book does not need my review. I would only mention that Orwell made also a scientific and sociological discovery that is valid in today's world: If you change the very meaning of words, if you change the language, you are able to change the society. Newspeak can destroy the Western civilization. Change the very meaning of words 'justice,"" ""freedom,"" ""fairness,"" and we will be in the Stone Age in no time.Kindle addition looks good, and its new X-Ray feature is interesting and helpful."
"Narratively speaking, it's no more than an average story. In fact, there are many plot gaps and false steps. But the implications  itself are staggering. Somewhere along the way, this book becomes less science fiction and more science fact. Orwell accurately predicts the advent of things like ""perpetual wars"" -- not for the sake of winning, but for the sake of warring for profit, and ""doublespeak,"" or, as we refer to it now, political euphemisms, or ""political correctness."" When our politicians sidestep an uncomfortable question by answering one that was not asked instead? that is Orwellian. Even the questioner, apparently, has forgotten what he or she just asked. And when the motive behind a question becomes the question itself, supplanting the original, that too is Orwellian. The removal of certain words from the english language to cover up crimes? It's Orwellian, and comes straight out of 1984 -- as when torture suddenly becomes ""harsh interrogation techniques."" And it is happening more and more; more, perhaps than we'd like to admit. For the good of more, the less are squashed, and the president mangles his principles. There are many people today who believe wholly in a past which in fact never actually existed -- unless it was on shows life Leave it to Beaver and Father knows Best."
Scary how almost real this could be in the very near future.  It is a clear depiction of how our politician's overzealous control is beginning to run our lives.
"""Freedom is the freedom to say that 2+2=4."" Winston Smith in Gorge Orwell's 1984 is forced to accept anything the Party of Oceana tells him, not only must he accept it but he also must believe it. If they say that 2+2=5 then he must believe it even knowing it is not true, this action of forced acceptance is called doublethink- the idea that you can hold two seemingly apposing concepts and accept both as true.Winston does not truly believe The Party and begins to work against it under the radar even while knowing he is bound to fail. As the story progresses he befriends a young woman named Julia and together they attempt to do the party harm through their own mini rebellion.Winston and Julia are believable though not lovable. I don't think Orwell wanted them to be lovable so he could emphasize how The Party sucked the humanness and lovability out of its subjects.The story was incredibly well written. It was simple to understand, even though Winston and Julia's situation was far from simple.This would be a good book for anyone from fourteen up. This was a great book that deserves it many awards.*This review is written by my son- 14 years old"
All starting to sound familiar... great book. We could learn some lessons from the masterpiece written by Mr. Orwell. Cheers.
"The condition of the book was very good. The text inside the book was even better. If you have not read Orwell's 1984, maybe you should. Just be careful where you read it, Big Brother is watching."
"I don't usually read slow, passive, and thought-provoking books. Don't get me wrong though, I enjoy getting my thoughts provoked, just not usually at slower paces with passive characters. But even still, it was the way the world was and the thoughts of this one man, our protagonist, that drew me into this book so well. It's frightening how well our society was predicted by this book. Obviously it's not an exact match, but the ideas behind the book hit close to home; almost too close for comfort. I highly recommend this book to everyone that is literate. If you're not literate, learn to read just for this book."
"I decided to read 1984 because every single book list on the web recommended it on its top twenty. I can now see why! This book seems to me to be the basic foundation for every revolutionary idea, rebellious thought, or conformist ideology that was written in our modern time. I was mesmerized, betrayed, bewitched, and baffled by how real it felt especially since the world today is witnessing similar kind of revolution in the shape of the Arab Spring.  It was a wonder to equate this work of fiction into reality and ponder if the very revolution he depicted can be stifled through the destruction of the human spirit."
"Packed with promiscuity, cursing, and rebellion 1984 was unlike any other classic. This book has many present day references despite being written in 1949. Relevant and surprisingly insightful 1984 was a great read."
"My coworker was telling me about the movie, and the book. I loved it. It is quite scary how he predicted today's government and politics. Great read, open your eyes more into reality."
"The book arrived in great shape.  The theme of the book is so relevant to what I am experiencing in my chosen profession.  ""Big Brother"" supervisors watching to make sure one does not upset their apple cart.  Expectations are limited to resources available to the workplace. Racism and bullying is tolerated because independant thinking is no longer allowed; comformity is preferred."
"I really liked this book. It is well written and it really made me think about the value of having privacy inside my own skull. It also made me wonder about how much of our free will IS free will and how much of it is manipulated. The story is fluid and easy to read. I seriously believe that this book is a must read, not only for science fiction lover but for everyone."
"1984....maybe 2024? Maybe 2044 but at some point in the not too distant future, Orwell's prediction might actually have become a reality for the citizens of the world.It is incredibly easy to compare Oceania with North Korea, but with the NDAA, PATRIOT ACT and other Government measures ""to keep us safe"" there lies a very uneasy feeling that we as a society are heading down that same road.Scary but a classic must read."
"Amazing book, but really hard to get into at first I thought, but once you get past the bogged and clogged down and very over descriptive first quarter, a story and narrative finally emerge and you are sucked right into Winston and Julia's very touching but also very tragic love affair. From here on in it is quite simply a page turner and I challenge any one not to put the book down once this love affair begins."
"I first heard of this book when, at the age of 17, my best friend, a year older, told me about it.  One year later, I read it as a college freshman.  I have brushed up on it several times over the decades -- five decades to be exact.  At first, to me it was simply a science-fiction novel.  But as the years have rolled by, it seems to me that Orwell's nightmare has come true.  This is true with regard to the endless wars, the shifting identity of the latest bogeyman, the lies that are our daily provender from all directions, the demonization of the individual, the internal spying, the hesitation to defy conventional thinking, the shifting definition of words, the dumbing down, state control of the media, the two-minute hate (called by another name, of course), all the jugglery with ""truth"" and so forth, it is all here and now.  I hesitate to give concrete examples for fear that some of you will think that all of this is to be identified with certain factions, when in fact there is only ONE faction in our society, operating in unison like the tentacles of the octopus.  It is not simply political correctness, it is everything.  This is not something that can be voted out in an election.  You will say that our students are taught this book as required reading, they have all been warned, we are on our guard, we cannot be deceived.  You are deceived every day of your lives, you are surrounded by deception.  You deceive yourselves in your very thinking.  You think in Newspeak and do not know that this is what you are doing.  I have seen this coming and it is before us and in us.  You -- yes, even you -- love Big Brother."
"To understand this book, is to have experienced it first-hand. I smuggled a copy of Orwells's ""Animal Farm"" in German to East Berlin in the mid 1980's for one of my wife's cousins to read. I gave them the book in ""Alexander Platz"" thinking we would not be observed because it is an open area. Wrong! In the 1990s when the tactics came out of the East German secret police, it was shown that the whole area was under hidden video surveillance. Welcome Big Brother!  Orwell's dystopian world still exists in many forms in our society today. Look at what governments are still trying to do - control the internet, video surveillance systems everywhere etc.This is a classic must read for all. Its message is still plain to see today as when it was written in 1948 and the year that ii discusses. We may not have reached that point of North Korea, but it can become a reality in the near future. This is one of the top 100 literary fiction books to maintain in your personal Library.And remember my favorite Orwell quotes. ""Big Brother is Watching You & Some pigs are more equal than other pigs"""
"The gloom and doom atmosphere that is pervasive throughout this story is awesomely put forth by George Orwell in his masterpiece of political fiction.It starts with the bit about the language that is being dummed down for the ordinary people so their vocabulary is kept restricted in order to keep them uninterested in higher thought such as philosophical ideas. The term he coined is ""double-speak"" whereby words are combined to express simpler thoughts, an effective method to wipe out entire concepts that could before be expressed in their full beauty.It ends with the electro-shock treatment of our ""hero"" who is inextricably trapped in the web of the government-machine. Not very uplifting but very thought-provoking."
"This is one of the most chilling books I have ever read because there is no escape and even Winston's dreams of the ""Golden Country"" are finally lost to him as Big Brother invades the last sanctuary--his mind and his soul."
I'm a first time reader of 1984 and am in love. I can't believe that it didn't show up in  my reading list before now! I have been a long time fan of dystopia and am so excited to have read finally a founding book of the genre.I was absolutely enthralled. It has been a while since a book has grabbed me like this. To say I'd recommend this book is a gross understatement. If you've been holding off on reading this stop holding off!!
I read this book many many years ago as a teenager. Since then it has had a lasting impression on me. It really makes you think. It was a pleasure to read and have read it a bunch of times since then. I've also seen the movie which of course wasn't as good. Everybody still constantly talks about major concepts introduced in this book.  The world is slowly becoming a mirror image of this book. This book is highly entertaining to read and will change your life as you know it. I'm glad I was forced to read as a teenager.
"A timelees classic. One of those books you keep forever on your bookshelf and take down every couple of years to read again, with just as much enthusiasm as the first time you read it. It shows that no matter how dark things get, there is always that spark of human endurance which finds some light, even if only for a limited time."
"What can I say ""IT ORWELL"" the master, funny how right he was and how Obama and Harper are exactly what he warned us about.  Every human needs to read 1984 especially now with the totalitarian rule threating every Western Society."
"Imagine... a world completely controlled by government. Nothing is kept private, and emotions are almost nonexistent. If you are considered different, you are killed. Sadly, Earth will soon come to this unavoidable fate, and George Orwell predicted this in 1949. Written from the perspective of a middle aged man who lives in the near future, ""1984"" by George Orwell is a compelling novel that describes what will become of the world. The story takes place in what is assumed to be future America, and the story is told by a character named Winston Smith. Smith works in a modern office building, and has a quiet life that he lives by himself. But one trait of Winston does make him unique from his peers. He secretly despises ""Big Brother"", the government figure that controls the world he knows. He dare not say anything of his feelings towards this subject, for if he shows any emotion, the Thought Police will erase his existence forever, making it seem like Winston Smith never existed. Yes, Smith is the type of man to never show what he is thinking, and the only emotion he displays is his fabricated love for ""Big Brother"", who is always watching. All of this changes as soon as Winston finds out a young girl named Julia is in love with him. Their love for each other is so dangerous and unheard of, that it fuels their hate for the government even more. The themes of this book are rebellion, sacrifice, and honestly, and I recommend ""1984"" for anyone looking for a good read. I believe it should be required in school curriculum, for it contains realistic, yet nightmarish visions of America's possible future. On a scale of 1-10, I would rate Orwell's work at a 8."
"I liked the idea of the book, but I hated it in the end. The hopeless feeling was important, and I think there are ideas to be learned from it, but I like a story where the human spirit triumphs. I like to read a book with heroism. This is fine for people who like bad endings, but it was not for me.There were also many elements that were not believable. Three totalitarian states would not constantly maintain equal power. A society such as Oceania would weaken and either one of the other states would gain supremacy, or another would rise up.I originally rated this book as 2 stars, but had to change it, because I can't stop thinking about it. Though I think some things could have been done differently, I have to say this book deeply affected me."
"Too much has been said about this novel to even try to be original in a review. I will underline that this is one of the most important books I have ever read. It taught me the value of freedom, its pricelessness in fact.The book is written very well, fluent prose and gripping plot, but that is not its main value. The value is its moral about democracy, which we may take for granted now but is to be nourished all the time. The book, of course, was written in the late forties, at the height of Stalinism, so it is obvious it refers to that scenario, at the peak of the Cold War. But too many people seem to forget the value of democracy today, in the information age.One could argue that Orwell was wrong about the state controlling people through technology, in fact internet has provided all of us with tremendous power of horizontal communication that governments have a hard time controlling. But the game is an ongoing one... not yet over! I think this book should be taught in schools."
"One of the most embarassing secrets in my life has finally ceased to exist. Until last week i had never read 1984. But now i have...Most certainly a harrowing dystopia, by which i was deeply affected. Orwell is a visionary of a rare quality. The links to this present age are evident in nearly every page of the masterpiece."
"I didn't read this in high school, so decided I should. Not my favorite, but it was decent. The ranting in it lost me sometimes, but overall it was good. Very scary to think that our own government could be heading in the same direction. Big brother is watching!!!"
"Imagine living in a dystopian society where your government monitors your speech and every thought, disguises its corruptive status by saying that it's working for a better tomorrow, and basically everything else to control ideas and brainwash the people into supporting its propaganda. Well, imagine no further, just read 1984 by George Orwell, which follows the life of Winston Smith through the post-war, dystopian society of Oceania as he reminisces his childhood before World War II while struggling to live under the rule of the Party. Winston faces a society where no one is unaffected by the ever-changing of the Party and everyone lives in constant fear that Big Brother is watching over them. Winston lives in the city of London, where he works for the Ministry of Truth as an editor for printed text, condensing words into the language of Newspeak. The constantly shrinking language of Newspeak was created to reduce the possibility of ""thoughtcrime"" (the act of thinking outside the Party's beliefs) among its citizens and to eliminate any vocabulary deemed unnecessary. For example, the prefix ""double"" can be added to the word ""good"" to form ""doublegood,"" which indicates that something is very good, and vice versa. This is one way that Orwell displays censorship in a communist society, eliminating as many radical ideas from society as possible. Orwell created characters like Winston who made you sympathize for him, from the way he describes his childhood to the way he shows his secret disdain for the Party. Along the way, Winston meets with Julia, a woman from the Fiction department who is the exact opposite of the Party-supporting person she claims to be. From the way Orwell crafts his characters, you can see that he wanted a character that would entirely rebel against the Party to meet Winston, a man who only secretly disdains the Party, to bring out his dark side and do things that he would never have done by himself. With Julia, he secretly rebels from the Party by engaging in everything the Party is against, all the while trying to conceal himself from Big Brother. As much as you'd like to think that Big Brother is nothing but a fantasy, 1984 was written about the communist countries after World War II like the USSR. Orwell makes this dystopic society parallel to communist society in that everyone is monitored, propaganda is displayed through all areas of media, and the government does its best to alter its ugly past and to sugarcoat current events to put the country in a more positive light. Some say that the novel is too dark; a possibility for this could be Orwell was suffering from tuberculosis during the time he wrote 1984, so his pain and suffering is paralleled in the dark descriptions of society. In the communist society and in Oceania, there are those that strongly support the government's propaganda, and there are those that disagree with the propaganda and long for the days before the government changed. North Korea almost accurately mirrors Oceania in that they're run by a communist government, the people live in poverty, and they live in constant fear of the police taking them away. The sad reality is, the fictional society of Oceania is very much alive in today's world. ""It was merely a few words of encouragement, the sort of words that are uttered in the din of battle, not distinguishable individually but restoring confidence by the fact of being spoken. Then the face of Big Brother faded away again, and instead the three slogans of the Party stood out in bold capitals: `War is peace; freedom is slavery; ignorance is strength."" The scenery and the way Orwell tells the story made me feel like I was actually living Winston's life. The darkness of the novel only adds to the real feel of it. It is a bit slow in the beginning where Orwell describes Oceania, but once you get to the middle, you won't want to put it down. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys reading science fiction, or even to anyone who is looking for a good read. The only downside to reading this novel is that you might start thinking that the thoughtpolice are watching you through the television and listening to everything you say through the walls."
This novel seems to be becoming more poignant as the years go by. What was once a frightening science fiction tale about a future gone wrong is now a prophetic vision of a reality we all know. One cannot dispute the fact that we are now surveilled in every aspect of our lives and we are only a hair's breadth away from authorities being able to peer into our very private spaces at will. The march of technology makes fiction into fact and it is our job to be ever vigilant against threats to out privacy. Everyone should read this book.
"The year 1984 has long since passed, but this novel remains a relevant vision of a world where the State controls every aspect of the person's life, and even thoughts can be crimes.When I was in high school, I tried to pick up this book and read it.  I got all of a couple of pages into it before setting it down and never returning to it.  Fast forward a little more than a decade, and I finally picked it up again.  And you know what?  This is an excellent story!  I just needed to get in touch with my cynical side.  A high school senior has too much optimism to appreciate Nineteen Eighty-Four.I used to think (back when I hadn't actually read the story) that this was a book about a society where the government was watching its citizens' every move.  Well, there is that, but there is so much more to this book.  I was impressed by the scope of the ideas touched on here.  Most fascinating to me was the concept of thoughtcrime.  The idea that a government would seek to control and judge the very thoughts of its citizens is horrific, and yet it is one of the more plausible concepts in the book!  It's not enough to obey the government; you have to want what it wants, to give up your will to a shadowy, unknowable Authority.Then there is the concept of the State being able to watch you constantly.  It's like the whole populace is living in the Panopticon.  I loved the scene where the two main characters have to wait for a crowd to be able to meet each other.  In a society where you are always being monitored, the only place to hide is a crowd.The spookiest facet of this imaginary, horror-story society, is that it is conceived as being perpetual.  The ""people"" will never overthrow the government.  It functions like a machine, both in its inner workings and its relationship with the other major world powers.  It is designed to last forever, to never become the victim of revolution.  And through advanced technology and psychological control, it is working.The last part of the book was a riveting, frightening scene.  The agents of this terrible society do their best, not to force our protagonist to conform, but to instill in him the desire to conform.  To make him love the forces that control him.  It is genuinely scary, and painful to watch.  The last couple scenes were just amazing.This book is more than just a Bible for folks complaining about the government intruding on personal privacy.  ""Big Brother is watching you!""  It is a frightening picture of how a society would look where the government is taking captive the very minds of its people, and through technology and thought control achieving a kind of clockwork immortality.  It is a dark vision, but one worth seeing.Highly recommended.Final Grade: A"
"I've probably re-read this book more than any other book I love.  It's one of my top five favorite books of all time.  Even in high school when I was first forced to read it, I loved it.  If you haven't read this book, even if it's not your particular genre of interest, please give it a try anyway!  Those who haven't read 1984 yet would be shocked how many cultural references today stem from this book.  I can't tell you how many times I've seen 'big brother' and 'thought police' t-shirts/bumper stickers/posters/etc.  Plus, wouldn't you love learn how to make up funny newspeak words with your friends?"
"When I first read Orwell's 1984 I was 16. Now I'm 44 and I must say that the book took on a whole new meaning to me. Most people say this is one of the best of the worst books they'll ever read - and I'm one of them. What I find amazing is how Orwell, in 1948, had such vision to see our planet's future unfold. It's hard to know if science fiction begets truth, or if truth begets science fiction - either way what 1984 portrays is very relevant in today's society; even the introduction of Newspeak ... while we haven't gone to this extreme the truncation of today's language certainly lends itself to the whole idea of Newspeak!Don't read this book just before going to bed ... unless you want to experience some very unusual dreams."
The first copy of the book I received was not trimmed along the long side making it very difficult to turn the pages. I returned the book and received another one  the next day (BTW Amazon's replacement policy is great and their customer service is awesome as well). The second copy of the book I received was also not trimmed along the long side. I was refunded for the book and purchased it elsewhere.
"I had to read 1984 in high school for English, usually I never engaged with the required readings for class and sometimes I wouldn't even read the book, but 1984 was an exception. I could not put this book down, I read it slowly not wanting it to end and it completely took over my mindscape, I was thinking about it constantly! I remember we had to do chapter summary oral presentations in class and we went through about 10 chapters a class, but I was only up to chapter 4 at the time, I used to either block my ears or skip those classes! Riveting read! Chances are if you're reading this, you've already read 1984, and if you haven't then you must pick it up. Basically the plot follows a character named Winston Smith as he attempts to hang onto his humanity and creativity in a dystopic society that has abandoned both. The world of 1984 is one of Big Brother, constant camera surveillance, `thought police', thought crime, new speak and even more Orwellian insanity."
"To this day, no other novel has changed the way I look at society as George Orwell has done with ""1984."" I highly recommend this book."
"Too much has been said about this novel to even try to be original in a review. I will underline that this is one of the most important books I have ever read. It taught me the value of freedom, its pricelessness in fact.The book is written very well, fluent prose and gripping plot, but that is not its main value. The value is its moral about democracy, which we may take for granted now but is to be nourished all the time. The book, of course, was written in the late forties, at the height of Stalinism, so it is obvious it refers to that scenario, at the peak of the Cold War. But too many people seem to forget the value of democracy today, in the information age.One could argue that Orwell was wrong about the state controlling people through technology, in fact internet has provided all of us with tremendous power of horizontal communication that governments have a hard time controlling. But the game is an ongoing one... not yet over! I think this book should be taught in schools."
"This is a boring polemic that provides absolutely no insight into actually existing models of state repression.  In any case, everybody's moved over to the American model, so Orwell's scrawlings would do well to stick around on their crusty little island."
"Well I just finished reading this book about a half hour ago and I've been trying to find even a sliver of hope within its pages.  When O'Brien hands Winston the book about the underground movement known as The Brotherhood and swears Winston to do anything for the movement, I have to believe that there is a possibility that the Brotherhood does actually exist and that O'Brien is an actual member of this Brotherhood.  I recognize that later in the story O'Brien is the one torturing him but remember that one must always show no sign of deception to Big Brother in order to not be discovered.  O'Brien must play his role in order to avoid detection and may have simply been better at avoiding detection by being a long time member of the underground movement and knowing ways to avoid detection. Winston may have been discovered through his careless acts by the various spys and/or telescreens.I felt that the arguments between O'Brien and Winston was the climax in the story and it was my favorite section to read.  The ending where Winston meets Julia again one last time seemed to me to be the saddest part of all as Big Brother has destroyed there love for one another and their humanity."
"Over the years I've read 1984 many times, the first time was for a book report in High School and the last couple of times as a paperback.  Happy to have 1984 in my electronic library.  Buy, read, rate this ebook, your opinion is important."
"the author talks about how the ""big brother"" is mind controlling everyone. i believe this is the case in our own society. with the government controlling the majority with entertainments and news. and the mass also teaches their children these beliefs, and this is how false information passes down. the way to cure this sickness is to read books, and THINK for yourselves. this is the only way to get out of the cycle. i recommend this book to anyone who wants to think for themselves."
"A classic book with a very, powerful message.  It is beautifully written and one of my all time favorites.  I recommend it for everyone."
"The Kindle Edition of 1984 is incredibly sloppy. There are some blatant typos I'm surprised weren't noticed by editors, but the real slap in the face is when there are page numbers (from the print edition) in the middle of sentences that someone didn't bother removing when they copy/pasted the book from whatever was on file."
"AY YO MAN THIS BOOK IS CRAZY I'M GLAD I GOT THE SOFT BOUND LEATHER BOOK BECAUSE I GET TO EASILY SIFT THROUGH THE PAGES LIKE WHEN MY GRANDMA MADE SOME GOOD CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP YA FEEL ME AND CAN'T FORGET THE APPLE PIE AND SOME 95-96 BULLS YA FEEL MENo but seriously, this book is good."
"George Orwell's last book - 1984 was published in 1949 for the first time. It has since been reprinted in 1961, 1977, 1981 and 2003.Many reviews have been written. I do not presume to have anything new to say about the book.  As the author of the foreword of the Centennial Edition, Thomas Pynchon, observed ""It is not difficult to guess that Orwell, in 1984, was imagining a future for his son's generation, a world he was not so much wishing upon them as warning against. He was impatient with predictions of the inevitable, he remained confident in the ability of ordinary people to change anything, if they would."" It seems to be a thread woven through the book...""that human decency, like parental love, can always be taken for granted - a faith so honorable that we can almost imagine Orwell, and perhaps even ourselves, for a moment anyway, swearing to do whatever must be done to keep it from ever being betrayed.""  In his Afterword, Eric Fromm offers this observation. ""Orwell. . .is implying that the new form of managerial industrialism, in which man builds machines which act like men and develops men who act like machines, is conducive to an era of dehumanization and complete alienation, in which men are transformed into things and become appendices to the process and production and consumption...Orwell...is not a prophet of disaster. He wants to warn and awaken us....the danger with which all men are confronted today, the danger of a society of automatons who will have lost every trace of individuality, of love, of critical thought, and yet who will not be aware of it because of 'doublethink.'""Fromm continues ""Books like Orwell's are powerful warnings. and it would be most unfortunate if the reader smugly interpreted 1984 as another description of Stalinist barbarism, and if he does not see that it means us, too.""As in all timeless creative writing Orwell has given us, the reader, many lessons. He has raised the alarm - it is up to us - 21st century humans - to heed it."
"If you believe our world is going to turn out like this in the future,we're in for BIG TROUBLE ! book is excellent and shiped fast"
"This book is a must-read classic.  It is kind of scary to think that Orwell wrote this in the 1940s.  It's a must-read for anyone, not just sci-fi lovers!"
"Just imagine a world in which the government controlled EVERY aspect of our lives. In George Orwell's 1984, the government does that and more. Not only are activities and living conditions controlled, but people's thoughts and even reality itself is under the control of the governmental party. The characters in this novel are very well created; from the mysterious and overwhelming Big Brother, to the main character - Winston - who is a simple office worker with a very complicated job. There is even a steamy romance thrown in there! This spooky tale of a negative utopia will have you deep in philosophical thought, as well as on the edge of your seat from suspense. I highly recommend it, definitely worth the purchase."
"I hated this book. I hated having reasonably high expectations for a so-called classic, only to have to suffer through a drab chain of non sequitur events, thoroughly lacking any explanations at all.- Why did Julia fancy Winston, when he (per his own admission) was barely average looking? In fact, he didn't having any redeeming qualities at all. Orwell builds up some interest by strongly suggesting an ulterior motive to her purported love interest, but turns out that she really just wanted sex (how exciting!/sarcasm).- Passing a note with ""I love you"" scribbled on it to a total stranger. Really? What is she, 5 years old?- All the 'truths' about the world that the protagonist lives in are revealed via the long and detailed THEORY AND PRACTICE OF OLIGARCHICAL COLLECTIVISM. But later, O'Brien claims that the manifesto is false, written by himself. So the reader consumes those pages and pages of detail, formulating an elaborate mental picture of the novel's world...only to be told later that it is totally false. What was the point of all that detail then?- OMG! Can Winston really trust O'Brien...considering that he's, you know, a member of party whose prime modus operandi is deception? Oh so O'Brien was lying all along and it was all a trap?? Never saw that coming...shocked!!- How could O'Brien have possibly known that Winston had mentally considered not incinerating a newspaper article once? Can the thought police read minds also? Why no explanation given for this?- For a party that doesn't think twice about liquidating political enemies or dissenters, why go through the long, torturous process to brainwash Winston? Why not just get rid of him and render him another unperson?- So Julia and Winston broke down and betrayed each other. Wow, how could they..give in all that torture (described in excruciating detail, pun intended)? Winston loses, Big Brother wins. Story over! No deviation from the norm. No change to the status quo. No triumph of the underdog. Ok, I get it's a dystopian novel. How about at least a respectable struggle, perhaps just barely and tragically failing in the end after coming so close?  ANYTHING that makes the reader care about the protagonists, or makes them special, or distinguishes them from the throngs of other miserable souls in said dystopia? Nope!These are just a few of the most blatant ones. There is nothing redeeming about this novel...an insipid plot, nothing endearing or even remotely interesting about any of the characters, no build-up, no unexpected twists which you couldn't see coming from a mile away. In fact, the novel has nothing going for it other than pure shock value. Which it expertly cashed in upon by being released at a time when anti-communist sentiments were at their paranoid apex. In other words, it's the cold war era literary version of a B-rated slasher flick. Really, if you do decide to read this book, scrutinize it objectively, and honestly ask yourself how you'd rate it if you DIDN'T have any prior knowledge of Orwell or this title."
"**Minor SPOILER""There is no doubt that George Orwell was ahead of his time when he wrote this book.  If you look at our society today, although no where as severe as Orwell's vision,  the shear human stupidity that abounds and the oppressive governments still present in certain parts of the world leads one to believe that his vision if we are not careful could become a reality in the near future.  It seems that as time goes by and with all the technological advancement we've made, individuality and uniqueness  are  in danger of becoming extinct.  It's enough to listen to  today's music, to see what we now call ""entertainment""  for the masses  to know that George Orwell ( at least when it comes to human beings) was right on the money.It  certainly wasn't a pleasure read and while I do admit that  it is a relevant book and it is one of the most thought provoking books I've ever read, I can't say that it is one of the best books I've read in my life.  It was deeply disturbing and depressing and I was thoroughly disappointed with the end.  I consider myself a realist but I was really hoping that Winston's idea of the defeat of Big Brother  would become a reality, but in the end the Party is the one that wins.  Did Orwell write this book with the intention of scaring us? No, he wrote it as a warning of how seriously screwed up the world can become if we stop thinking  for ourselves. I only recommend this book if you like  dystopian (opposite of utopia) society books."
"George Orwell's 1948 novel ""1984"" depicts a nightmarish totalitarian society in which the government controls all aspects of a persons life.This novel follows Winston Smith, the protagonist. Winston's character is one which Orwell creates in order to evoke sympathy from the reader. I know that while reading this novel, at times I felt very bad for Winston and was really scared for which outcomes Winston was placed in. Orwell does this well by creating a gloomy atmosphere in the novel.Winston lives in Airstrip One, geographically known as London. Airstrip One is the textbook definition of a dystopia. It is a poverty stricken area with many people sick and living in ruins. Everywhere on the streets signs posted saying, ""Big Brother is watching you"" are present. This omnipresent aspect of the novel, ""Big Brother"" is what first begins to create a menacing environment for the novel.This novel was Orwell's idea of what a communist society would be like, and his idea is not only true, but it is one that is beginning to form in modern society. Written during the communist scare in the late 40s, Orwell prophesied that this would be what the world would come to in the near future. If one is to consider the mass movement in media and technology today, reading this book would make one question fear the direction that technology is headed. With webcams, tvs, phones, microphones, computers, and cameras of all different shapes, sizes, colors, and uses placed around every corner, Orwell's imaginative idea of the future might be more accurate than fiction. The government coming into total power using everything we take for granted against us could seem like a very plausible aspect of the near future!This fantastic novel provides excellent insight into what the government is actually capable of, AND, currently is DOING, such as in North Korea. The thought of this occurring though seems too dark, too scary, and too frightening to imagine-almost unreal.Orwell writes this novel in such a way that it has a fear factor to it. Although I quite love this, it might not be for those who are faint of heart. It's underlying message-that these events are highly plausible- might leave people scared and worried. This is because Orwell does not sugarcoat anything. He writes with cynical and harrowing details, presenting everything clearly and concisely. By the end of the novel, I was convinced that what had occurred to Winston was far worse than death.All the things we take for granted such as love, freedom, justice, and independence are alien concepts in ""1984."" Any small instances of these ideas, and Orwell abolishes them from the text as fast as he can. Orwell seems to be destroying all of Winston's hopes throughout the novel. Every time Winston has a shred of hope that good will triumph over evil, Orwell goes out and makes it completely the opposite. He doesn't share this view that he creates for Winston, so he manages to also destroy it in his own character by the end of the novel. Orwell ensures that he will frighten you.I personally enjoyed ""1984"" both as a novel and as a possible warning for where the future is headed. Although it is a book which some people might find bleak, it is one that manages to get the authors point across. Orwell raises questions in his novel about government, mass media, and absolute control over mind, body, and soal. These questions really have no easy answer, and most answers still remain unclear. I believe ""1984"" is a must read for people, in order to understand how important their lives really are. You better get it in your hands now before ""Big Brother"" is watching you too... O_O"
"Have you ever watched a movie that ran your emotions through the ringer? And after you watched it you say it was one of the best movies you have seen even though it was such an arduous journey? That is what this book was for me.  There is such a general feel of hopelessness in this book. The governement has such a tight grip on eveything that you know any betrayal, no matter how small, will be found out. The government in this is such a huge and pitiless machine, you know there can be no mercy and even when our ""hero"" begins his first small acts of rebellion you almost wish he wouldn't and save himself what you, the reader, know could happen.  There are moments you dare to hope that the spark of individuality and freedom of thought might continue if only in secret, even though you, the reader, knows these hopes are probably futile. This, I think is the brilliance of the book. The environment is so well crafted it is like you are rebelling with him in your hopes, even though you know the price and how you will feel when things unavoidably come crashing down. Thus is the human spirit, however, and something I believe the author intended. The journey belongs to you as well as our hero.  This book had me thinking a lot in my downtime, about how things could easily go the way of 1984 in our world with only a few more tweaks. It seems ludicrous but I am sure you could come to the same conclusion. I am a conservative fellow by nature and there are things this book says that I do not agree with, however I think we can all agree that the loss of basic freedoms and rights is a horrible thing and this book makes you see what you have and how easily it could all be taken.  Try this book out if you are ready for something heavy and to do some thinking afterward. thanks."
"Amazing. The intricacy of this world that George Orwell creates is fantastic and frightening. The themes of history, control, and technology sent my mind in a good thought-provoking buzz. Winston provides a wonderful central character who is seemingly broken yet somehow hopes still. The ending is depressing but fitting.I have only one issue with this novel. The relationship between Winston and Julia feels artificial and purely sexual. It feels as if Orwell was trying to express a love between them, but I didn't believe it.This novel is definitely worth a read. Again and again."
"C,mon, why do you think it's a classic?I will say this, I was glad to have finally read it.  I found it profoundly sad.  It reminded me of the G.W. Bush regime.This book is, and rightfully deserves to be, required reading."
"I personally hold this book in so high a regard that I find myself unable to make it justice by way of an extensive review, so I'll try to keep it brief. For me this is perhaps the greatest novel of the past century, almost any other book looks childish and frivolous by comparison as regards style, narrative pace, plot, structure and of course allegorical and metaphoric power (""The Trial"" by Kafka, is the only other worthy contender of ""1984"" that I can think of).Orwell masterfully describes a nightmarish future in which all individual liberties have been rooted out. The book chronicles the alienated existence of Winston Smith, a minor bureaucrat, and his personal and solitary rebellion against the establishment until the final annihilation of his personality. There is terror and horror in literature (as understood by authors like Poe, Lovecraft, Barker, etc) and then there is this book, which is one of the most disturbing experiences a reader can face in a lifetime. Some people hate it precisely because of its very bleak denouement. I can tell you that this is a compelling novel that will stay with you after days of having finished it. It is also one of the very few literary triumphs hailed in equal measure during decades by critics and readers alike. No other writer that I know of has been able to describe the sheer abstract terror exemplified by the infamous Room 101. Horror has many faces and the powers that be many ways of imposing their tyranny upon an isolated individual. Unfortunately, there are things worse and more humiliating than death, and that is what the protagonist of this terrifying novel will discover...It is difficult for me to find any kind of flaws in this book, the underlying message is tremendously powerful and the writing addictive and stylish, plus the plot leaves you virtually breathless. It ranks easily as the very best dystopian fiction ever written, and it doesn't look like it is going to be overthrown in the near future. George Orwell who, some years prior to the publication of this book, already showed to the world what he was capable of with his amazing ""Animal Farm"", inscribes himself with ease among the greatest authors of all time thanks to this masterpiece.Do not go to your grave without having read this book first."
"By Blake Padveen:George Orwell's novel 1984, could possibly be one of the most influential books of the 20th century. Its references to communism, capitalism and totalitarianism chill the body to the bone in an unimaginable way. The main chilling fact, is that the events in 1984 could possibly happen. Many of the reoccurring themes throughout the novel such as love, and freedom are quickly abolished almost in an instant, giving the reader insight on how important these ideas are, and how they should be cherished. Orwell also grants the reader insight into many different parts of the world where people are currently enslaved by their governments and how their lives differ from the free world. The book being written in a time where the world was consumed by fear and hatred of communism shows how a civilization can be easily manipulated by these feeling of hate and fear. It is true that in 1984 Winston's and Julia's final fates are quite possibly worse then death. They lose their hatred for the party, and the means to rebel and become lovers of big brother and of the party as well. To lose ones passion and love is a fate that could be seen as worse than death. Even though I appreciate George Orwell's writing style, it is hard for me in the modern age to enjoy a book mostly consumed by pointless dialogue even though it was essential to the story. I much more enjoyed the movie."
"George Orwell's classic, 1984, was a fantastic read. It illustrates a world in which people are merely shells of themselves and only live to please their government in it's hunger for power. The protagonist, Wilson, refuses to settle for that existence. He analyzes his surroundings and hates the all knowing, totalitarian government.Wilson struggles to live such a life. He must hide his thoughts and feelings from the Thought Police. As a reader you can sympathize with Wilson and his struggle. It is quite difficult to imagine living in such a controlled state where one ceases to be human to become another senseless drone. He is not allowed to show emotion. He is not allowed to love in this empire that runs on hate. To love is a crime in Oceana. On the other hand, members of the Party are forced to attend the daily Two Minutes hate that forces extreme nationalism into people's thoughts and corrupts them to hate an invisible enemy.These practices that Wilson is subject to make the reader thankful for our world and hopeful that such an existence will not be the future of the human race. The novel exaggerates human behavior in a way that almost makes it seem as though this could be possible. George Orwell tries to convey a message of peace and togetherness through this harsh example of what may come to be. He urges the reader to prevent our world from being ruled by hateful warmongers. The moral of the story is to be aware of yourself and hold on to your humanity. Being your own person and showing compassion for your fellow man are the most important things you can do. Wilson is a great protagonist in that he desparately tries to maintain his humanity even in the face of extreme oppression and opposition."
"I wanted to read the Top 100 books and read this book in that process. I didn't understand the book initially then I started getting hang of it. After finishing it, I feel it was not as spectacular as people have talked about it. I am not a Christian but I will not be able to put this book in the same class as Bible (Must read 100 Books before you die). Everyday I advise my kids to read Bible or for that matter most of the world (Once again I am not Christian and nor I am an Atheist, just simple Punjabi moderate Brahmin Hindu). I cannot say the same for this book. I will rather tell my kids to read How to Make Friends and Influence People, Dale Carnegie over this book. Had (George) he received some input from Russians this book would have lasted few more decades? The very concept that individual is not living for themselves and is living for a fictitious party is too abstract and more like Star Trek type Gamma Quadrant planet of Romullans governed by wayward rebels. More over this book should only be read by those who have studied Socialism, Capitalism and Communism with passion not with intellectual quest or passing interest. You conceive of a political system when we keep learning most of fun stuff from animals and our basic instinct govern most of the creations. As a novel it is no better than Stephenie Meyer's creation of Twilight (Now I will be shocked if that becomes must read top 100 books). People have you not heard of Gorky, Mother. Had I been British Citizen I would have followed or propagated thoughts but I am US Citizen and we are going to be a representative colony of this Universe, we cannot forget Russia or for that matter China (Oops, Everyone knows in America how many steps to the forbidden palace or what is number 9)."
"Loved the book. But if you read it, skip the intro! It is extremely spoiling for the plot, it annoys me that it wasn't put at the end. After reading a couple of spoilers I skipped it. Similarly, it annoys me that the ebook is the most expensive option.Other than that I find this an epic book, a must read."
"""Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing.""Winston Smith lives in 1984--he thinks. He's actually not sure what year it is, as the Ministry of Truth, the agency he works for as a minor member of the Party, keeps muddying up the records. The past is malleable, the nation is always at war, words are disappearing from the vernacular, everyone is monitored through telecasters, bad thoughts are a crime, and Big Brother is always watching...How have I not read this classic dystopian novel until now? I've poured through Brave New World, started but never finished We, watched THX-1138 and Brazil, and recently finished The Handmaid's Tale, but somehow 1984 has avoided being in my to-read library. Until I finally got my hands on an audiobook version.This book is eye-opening, a bleak picture of the future, a scary nightmarish world where nothing you do is ever private--and in this age of the internet, doesn't that seem even more likely than ever? Throughout the entire book, I couldn't help that feeling that someone was looking over my shoulder, that any moment someone was going to spot me.The characters aren't particularly brilliant, but they function for the exact purpose that Orwell created them: to explore and poke at this world. Winston Smith comes across as your typical 50's sci-fi hero: he is smarter than many of his peers, aware of his surroundings, and discontent. However, he is also incredibly paranoid and a somewhat weak-willed pathetic man (you see this ESPECIALLY at the ending). What I disliked most about him was how he related to Julia. He tended to treat her like she was a sex toy: a person he had sex with regularly but who had limited intelligence and had to be patiently told each detail that the hero can, of course, immediately understand. While this is not as prominent and annoying as, say, Ringworld, it was still present enough that it grated on my nerves.The only other prominent characters are Julia and O'Brien. Julia, as I mentioned above, tended to feel like only a sex bunny; however, she does in a way, incite Winston to embark on a journey that will change his life and is in control of her own world. For that reason, I do have more respect for her than many other females in books of this era. O'Brien is Winston's coworker and possible fellow dissenter. He's an incredibly complex character, mostly seen from Winston's (clouded and highly paranoid) perception.But what makes this novel isn't its characters, as I said above. It's the story, it's the world, it's the warning about what could happen if nothing happens. And this is what impressed me most. This world is startlingly real. The possibility of a diminishing language is scary...how many words am I currently using in this review would be banished by New Speak (kudos to Orwell for all his work on this language, btw)? How is that similar to the text speak that is occurring right now?What about the idea that your television could be recording you, sending your image to some guy, in some cubicle who is making sure you aren't doing anything wrong? That your neighbors could be spying on you, ready to report you at the drop of your hat? That wars are being faked (okay, so many people believe that is already happening...)? That the past can be changed with a pop into MS Word and Photoshop? How about the thought that your entire day is planned out for you, so that you have no alone time for your own thoughts? That writing in a book (or a review...) could be cause for arrest? If that sort of future doesn't scare you, you are much stronger than I am!I really have only two ""criticisms"" about this book. The first is the characters/way that women are treated. The characters are fairly bland/stereotypical of the time. Women, similarly, end up on the short end. They are often described as easily led by the Party's ideals and wholeheartedly embracing them. And most of the women we see are sex bunnies or naggy wives.The other criticism is the long sections delving into Goldstein's book. In my opinion, Orwell did a fine job describing this world, so that I really didn't need the Book to explain how this society worked further. The torture scene also somewhat dragged (though this is somewhat more understandable).If you consider yourself a fan of dystopian novels, this needs to be at the top of your reading list. It is a brilliant study of the future, eerie and intimidating.Brought to you by:*C.S. Light*"
"Read this book 40 years ago and find it very interesting in light of the events of today. George Orwell may have had the date wrong but the basic premise is spot on for today's world of managed news, wars, big brother watching, global chaos, and the struggle for the human mind, that we see everyday in our politics.  The competition for the mind in todays world is very destructive to our way of life."
I enjoyed this novel so much! I'm still reading it but it is so engaging that I can't put it down. George Orwell was a great writer and he always had that vision of the future that was truly amazing. It is a sin not to read this novel!
"So much has been said and written about this novel that it would be difficult to come out with something new and original. surely it is a book that will be remembered in history because it is ever still so relevant. I would just say that if you like this book and the developpment of a dystopian government that controls everybody you should definitely read Democracy Society by John Christmas, different style but equally good"
"It is completely irresponsible to force high school kids to read this book. Granted, it's very important that they SHOULD read it, especially at such a young age when there is a chance they can actually grow up to change the world. But let's face it: kids don't care. And they especially don't care about the subject matter when the school cirriculum FORCES them to care. No, no, making kids study 1984 is a disservice to the book. They simply do not have the life experience behind them to relate to the profundity or symbolism of it.I read 1984 in the '90s, when I was in high school, and hated it. HATED it. I thought it was sci-fi crap. And had it not been for 9/11 several years later, I likely would never have touched this book again. But in a post-9/11 world, reading this book was literally like reading the newspaper, with Bin Laden personifying Emmanuel Goldstein and Afghanistan and Iraq taking on the roles of Eastasia and Eurasia interchangably. 1984 is not a prophecy on the future; it is a report on the past. History simply repeated itself, and will again.9/11 was my generation's Kennedy Assassination in that it was the event that instilled generation-wide doubt in its government. We were idealistic before, and because of that idealism 1984 remained just another book amidst a pile of books in my locker I ""had"" to read so that I could get my credits, graduate and get the hell out of school. Should a book this important be dismissed that way?"
This book arrived very quickly and was in excellent shape.  I will absolutely buy books from Amazon again.  Thank you.
This is yet another book that is difficult to put down. There are a few sections that you have to trudge through but it is entirely worth it. This is a very thought provoking novel and is beautifully written.
"I attended parochial school as a teen and this book was a huge ""no-no."" I read it anyway and understood why those who seek control over others are very uncomfortable with this book. Personally, I think it should be required reading as it helps to define manipulative behaviours. It's a great book about a lousy world where thought is actively curtailed and the powers that be are only satisfied when the soul is utterly destroyed."
"*** Caution -- contains spoilers.***Immediately before I read ""1984"", I read ""Fahrenheit 451"".  I do recommend reading these books back-to-back, and if I hadn't already read ""Brave New World"", that would be next on my list.""1984"" chilled me.  I've grown up hearing the quote ""Big Brother is watching you"" but never fully comprehended the depth and breadth of what that actually meant.Portions of the book ran dry for me, and a tad long on the philosophy.  However, just as I thought I'd start skimming, things would pick back up and I'd get involved again with Winston's life and his burgeoning relationship with Julia.  I found myself rooting for them to get out, to perhaps join the ""proles"", to start and uprising.  Keep in mind, I had absolutely NO idea how this story was supposed to end.I had a physical shock when Julia and Winston were discovered.  That voice coming out of the wall as I was reading about their quiet interlude literally shocked me to the core.  Perhaps deep inside I knew they were destined to be caught, but not in so abrupt a manner!  And that, actually, is what's terrifying about the book -- how Winston had been watched for years and years, how he was so easily duped, and how quickly life as he knew it came crashing down around him.Reading about his torture and brain-washing was nauseating, because I can so easily see how that happens even now in prison camps.  Seeing how people can break another person, reading about how hopeless a situation can be, how thoughts and memories can so easily be changed -- scary stuff.  Some may scoff at that ever happening.  But a slippery slope isn't called slippery for nothing.This wasn't necessarily an enjoyable read, but it was a necessary read.  Recommended."
"Winston Smith, the main character in ""1984,"" says that ""the best books are the ones that tell you what you already know."" I had this very sensation as I read George Orwell's classic novel. Orwell speaks with a prophetic tone from the year 1949, with many of his comments on totalitarianism proving true during the Cold War and popping up under new guises in recent years.""1984"" tells the story of Winston Smith, a man employed by Big Brother. His job is to correct and effectively erase bits of history that don't line up with Big Brother, the Thought Police, and ""doublespeak."" Through this regime, the masses are controlled on all fronts, emotionally, intellectually, physically, even spiritually and sexually. Orwell takes us into this colorless world a step at a time, leading up to the horrifying realities of what happens to those who oppose Big Brother. Along the way, he lets Winston find love with Julia, but even they recognize that their love cannot be pure. He lets the two of them expand their revolutionary wings. And he lets them face the consequences.Orwell doesn't tell a tight, fast-paced story, at least not by modern standards. He is more interested in communicating ideas. But he does allow us to care for his characters. He gives us just enough time to connect with them, even though they themselves are already disconnected on many levels. They join the Brotherhood, a resistance movement, and in doing so get their hands on a book detailing the realities of Big Brother. Although ""1984"" is a rambling, sometimes loosely cobbled story, it is a fascinating manifesto on the dangers of governmental control and the age-old struggle of the High, the Middle, and the Low. It's amazing of accurate some of Orwell's observations still prove to be, but as Big Brother's slogan goes: Who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past."" And: ""The heresy of heresies was common sense."" Or how about this? ""Stupidity was as important as intelligence, and as difficult to attain.""Personally, I am more frightened by the less totalitarian, more consumerism-driven ideas of Huxley's ""Brave New World,"" but ""1984"" is a classic for good reason, and it casts its shadow over many stories to come, including ""Fahrenheit 451"" and ""Minority Report."""
"I have heard the book 1984 mentioned many times in my life, and I finally decided to sit down and read what all the commotion was about.  I must say that it certainly lives up to the widespread expectations.  The author's writing style, his talent in story-telling, the complexity of the characters, and the plot itself are remarkable.  As you read the book, it gives you the feeling of seeing the scenes with your own eyes.  The author describes each detail with such emotion, that you can't help but think you are watching a movie, rather than simply reading words on a page.The main character is Winston Smith and he represents the modern day, average man (even though it was written more than 50 years ago).  He presents questions and doubts that any one of us would have.  As he goes through the journey of the book, things become confusing for him, and at points you are left confused as well.  The author does such a great job at embodying the reader with Winston, that you try searching for the truth, just as Winston is.  I found myself going back through the text, and searching for an answer that it is virtually impossible to find.The book leaves you with many questions, but you must understand that was the point of the author.  You are Winston, and just as Winston is complicated, so are we.  I must warn you that it is a disheartening tale, however it will definitely satisfy your thirst for a good read."
"In a world where political religion reigns, God is replaced by Big Brother (the all-seeing, all-knowing government) and an invisible leader, known by the images projects on the tv screens. History is rewritten by way of consensus - whatever everyone believes is deemed as truth. I am reminded by the quote,""Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely."" This speaks to the corruption that can result from a search for power, where personal power becomes powermongering over others. It also implies the power of belief over the mind and the struggle between the individual and the group consciousness. The ending is utterly tragic and the coldbloodedness of the Ministry of Love shocked me to the bone. I have read this book a few times and would strongly recommend it to anyone wishing to see the danger that may result in giving up one's freedom for security and the ability to think for oneself in return for comfort. Here, ""ignorance is bliss."""
"I read this book about 15 years ago in high school, and did not enjoy it. I thought I'd give it another try now, to see if I'd view it in a different and wiser perspective. Given the rapidly expanding government of today along with the weak economic situation, I thought I would be able to draw some parallels from this book in relation to the modern world.Having finished it, I feel thoroughly disappointed. While I grasp the ideas the author attempts to convey to the reader, I feel it is done in the poorest context ever. The story is so utterly mundane and boring that I found my mind drifting from the story to more interesting things - like my fingernails and shoe laces. The characters are so disconnected and the relationship between them and the reader so weak, that even at the end of the book I could not get myself to care about Winston (main character) enough to give a crap about whether he lived or died. The ideas and their implications in the book are deep but are presented so poorly that I would compare it to the reading of a dictionary, or a ceiling fan warranty manual, only less interesting.  It did not take long for me to remember why I hated reading this in school.For the life of me I cannot understand why this book is so highly regarded in the world of literature.  Yes, it has ideas that could cause one to have complex thoughts on many levels, but I found that the actual reading of this book was so awfully boring that it totally negated anything positive that could be derived from this novel. The main character is subjected to a great deal of torture at the end of the book... and so is the reader - as I found that the only thing more painful than the torture was reading about it. George Orwell is no wordsmith and his style of writing stinks and flows like verbal diarrhea. It even leaves a bad aftertaste, as diarrhea should, preventing one from revisiting the ideas in the book due to the runny, turd-like substance that Orwell considers to be the storyline.The ideas in this book have seen many embodiments since its publication. From ""Demolition Man"" to a certain episode of ""The Outer Limits"", all of them FAR more interesting than Orwells' own writing, even if the ideology of the message being somewhat diluted when compared to the original. The moral of the story is hard to care about when the story itself sucks. I have to wonder, what kind of sad people chose this book to be mandatory reading in our public schools? What was going thru their minds? ""I'm am so miserable and everyone should be too, so I will make them suffer by reading this!""I remember dissecting the meaning of the novel in school, for over a week. Any book that takes that long to understand is unclear and poorly written. I don't mind a convoluted message as long as the story is good, and in this case it is NOT. I can sum up the entire story in a few pages, but Orwell stretches it out to the point of nausea. I have read many other books from the 50's era and none were this boring. I actually have the ""New Edition"", and while I'm not sure what they changed, I feel like it should be advertised on the cover ""Now less interesting!!!"" the way cereal boxes advertise ""Now 50% more!!!"".  I highly recommend this book if you have a melatonin deficiency and have trouble sleeping."
"When I read this in my middle teens it did not mean as much to me as it does now.Although it did influence me to ask certain questions in history and social studies classes that went against what was being taught.Of course the teachers promptly shut down that line of questioning.  Back in those times the history books pretty much made America look pristine and all other nations seem rather distasteful by comparison.But something in it stuck with me.  A smidgen of doubt about things like the whitish dust on Smith's diary.Now that I am older and have experienced the world, traveled a bit, and have a wider perspective, I can see certain parallels in our own nation that match certain things in the book.How certain recent things done in the last decade can eventually make our nation into something similar to what is described in the book.I envy the teens of today because they see things in their youth that my peers and I could not fathom at that age.But growing up in an impoverished ghetto does not leave much room for thinking.  sort of like the 'proles' in the story.I'd recommend this book to anyone.Cheers."
"this book is one that still blows me away when I re-read it.....I have to ask myself I think he was so in the know, just the date is off, or the plan ""THEY"" have for us keeps getting push back.either way, you have to have this on youe self, or next to your bed for that matter."
"Did you know that one could be sentenced to up to 5 years of prison for possessing this book in the Soviet Union? The distribution of ""1984"" was forbidden in Soviet Russia until 1988, until then people had been distributing the book underground, copying it by hand, translating it in secret and getting turned over to the authorities by their friends and neighbors. Because that's what communism does, it brings out the worse in people.I was born and grew up in Communist Russia, and even though I was born too late to see the ugliest side of it I still know my history and am able to draw parallels.I had the strongest feeling of Déjà vu during the 2008 presidential election in the USA, the way people swallowed the ""Distribute the wealth"" slogan, expecting the government to solve their problems and make everybody ""equal""...it made me ill.Can't people ever learn from history?"
"Bought this book as a replacement. One of the best books ever in my opinion. Orwell was right, he just got the date wrong!"
"1984 has come and left, some may say that this book has lost its importance after the collapse of communism. I think that if we want to keep our freedom than we need to pay attention to the politicians we elect and the agencies that they are suppose to regulate. The important point about 1984 is that if you don't pay attention 1984 can always become a reality. Need to listen to some of the people running for the top spot in this country and you can see them building their own ministry of truth.R Hemingway Past Twilight"
"This book had its ups and downs. But it finished strong.I was mildly interested in Orwell's dystopian society. My interest waned until Julia, Winston's love-interest, is introduced. I almost put the book down when Winston reads 'The Book'. In fact, I didn't bother speed-reading through it but literally skipped several pages. These pages pulled me out of the story but just as soon as it was over (many pages later) it jumped right back without missing a beat.I'm not often interested in long narrative. Give me the bare facts and let's get on with the story. But Orwell does such a wonderful job of scene-building that I frequently relished his descriptions of rooms, weather and personal effects. I felt the bone-chilling winter, the guilt, the longing. The suffering.But most of all, it was the ending. Like Animal Farm, I was impacted by the story long after I finished. His portrayal of the systematic breakdown of a human being, the stripping of a soul and the remolding of a mind, is chilling to the very last line.After all, 2 + 2 = 5."
"OK very strange. It is about an imaginary future world where everyone is controlled and brainwashed to love and serve Big Brother. All humanness is removed through war, poverty, suffering, and torture to make the population zombie like and easy to manipulate. The language is changed and all records, books, etc are abolished. The story although strange is thought provoking and does bring into question the human min and what being alive really means."
"If one reads this, and even partially believes it, HOW can you say that one political party over another would make the SLIGHTEST difference in your life? How can you believe that WHOEVER you elect spends ONE second a day thinking about you, or the people who elected her/him?They do NOT care about you.  Period.As the Police said, ""There is no political solution, to a total revolution""Or Bob Marley, ""Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our mind""We're only ""Pawns in their Game"""
"This was my first time ordering 1984, and figured it'd be a drawn out and dry book considering when it was written. I was quite surprised when it kept my attention after the first few pages; the parallels between what is in the book and what is going on today are unnerving. Read it and see what I mean. Read other reviews to get a better idea of the synopsis of this book."
"If you have not yet read this classic, you absolutely MUST. That is all that can be said about the book itself. Its impact on popular culture alone necessitates a careful perusal.However, after paying almost $9 for this Kindle version (when I'm fairly confident that a trip to a used bookseller would have uncovered a physical copy for less than $5), I was disappointed to find typographical errors everywhere.I can understand that the publishers are rushing to make their books available electronically, but surely, even Spellcheck would have found some of these errors. Am I the only one bemoaning the lack of craftsmanship in publishing anymore?"
"This book is great example of Hegel saying ""Government is God walking.""  Government controls every aspect of life in for the sake of protecting itself and its war making apparatus.  This book invokes the dream state of left leaning ideologies National Socialism taken to its full extent.  This book that shows the meaning of state is father and social services are mother."
"So much has been written about Orwell's classic dystopian novel that it is tough to add anything new, many reviewers having offered well-thought of critiques. Orwell's futuristic novel makes one contemplate a world in which various elements of humanity--memories, important events, identities, personalities, family experiences--are rendered obsolete and transparent. 1984's afterword poses a question that is at the core of the novel: ""can human nature be changed in such a way that man will forget his longing for freedom, for dignity, for love--that is to say, can man forget that he is human?"", a question that the book's protagonist, Winston Smith, struggles with. Unlike some other dystopians (Brave New World, Fahrenheit 451, The Giver, The Hunger Games), which share glimmers of hope for mankind, 1984 is a novel that leaves you shocked, upset, depressed and cold. Reading 1984 is a paranoid, hopeless kind of experience, particularly part three of the novel, but, to apply the oft used expression, it is a ""cautionary tale"", a dark parable to what could happen in a society devoid of humanness and ruled by oppressive forces.Orwell uses his main character, Winston, as a scapegoat to this disillusioned society. A sort of everyman, Winston experiences a rush of revolt during early on in the novel during the Two Minutes Hate, where the people stop to decry and lash out against Goldstein, an individual who advocates free speech and liberty. Winston takes measures to silently rebel against The Party: he scribbles thoughts on paper; he ventures outside the district; he buys an ""ancient"" relic, a glass piece, a link to the past. Despite his fatalistic attitude that he will eventually be caught and persecuted, he longs for information--and signs--- that will contradict the preachings of Big Brother; he ventures into a pub to engage an old man into a conversation about the world before the revolution, but is frustrated to find that the man only knows meaningless facts about the past. Winston later meets Julia, a woman who he distrusts initially, but comes to trust, as she despises everything about the Party. Winston enjoys the liaisons with Julia, and continues to try to understand more about the past and the possible existence of the Brotherhood. Instincts tell him that O'Brien, a man who works in the department, is the key.Orwell's 1984 is a work that epitomizes futuristic fears of a brainwashed society, evoking emotions on the part of the reader to root for the individual over civilization. As others have noted, 1984 depicts a pessimistic world view with a bleak message. It is, therefore, a bit of a downer to read. However, 1984 is powerful and has redeeming qualities, as evidenced in Winston's valiant struggle and attempt to retain his identity and his hatred for Big Brother; however, we see an inevitable, unalterable conclusion that still leaves us a little bit shaken.Similar to many of you, I was ""forced"" to read 1984 in high school; after rereading in college, the book's message was so much more powerful. It's a book that we often have to read, but it is a book that we should read."
"There have been some great reviews written on this book. I will keep mine short.This is a true classic. There are probably 10 books in my life that I would give the acclaimed ""5 star treatment"" to. This is one. Orwell was way ahead of his time and this book will influence people for generations to come."
"Orwell is one of the few writers who can effectively describe a future like the one in 1984 and still maintain a sense of reality while doing so. This is one of those books that everyone should read just for the sheer fact that it has so much depth and a huge base of messages to pull from that it can leave a reader thinking to himself for days about the meaning of symbols or plot points. As far as symbolism is concerned this book has some of the greatest! The depth and dimension that Orwell is able to add using objects like a paperweight or even Wilson's ulcers is remarkable. Mastery of the art of writing is reflected in author's ability to turn the mundane into powerful tools which sub-textually say more about the story than perhaps whole chapters could.The plot of the story, in my opinion, moves pretty quickly. This can sometimes be a bad thing, but considering the length of the book and the way that Orwell handles it 1984's plot is engaging and entertaining. The one complaint I have is the suddenness of a love plot that develops. It has always seemed to jump out of nowhere, although I know that it would be hard to develop it more fully and still keep the main story moving. The description of the setting is phenomenal throughout the book. It is very easy for the reader to picture the place that Orwell is trying to take you. The images of Big Brother, the monitors, and even the government buildings all help to drive in the point of the book, an action which is mirrored in the repetition of these objects in the book.The most blatant allusion that Orwell makes is to communism. Describing the working class as Proles brings to mind the Proletariat hero of Marx and Engels' Communist Manifesto. In the Manifesto, the proletariat rises up out of frustration over broken promises and minimal compensation for their exploitation. The rebellion results in the capitalist system being over thrown by a united people and then establishing a society were all needs are met and where everyone is equal. This type of utopia seems like a logical desire from a working class that has been exploited and subjugated; however, Orwell very delicately handles the situation of the Proles and leaves the reader free to interpret what may happen. All that we really get is that the Proles have been relocated to a specific area and kept there pretty exclusively. This means that the more educated live away from the uneducated, drunk, slum-living working class of 1984. On a note of optimism Wilson notes that only the Proles, who are the majority of the population and ought to be the primary benefactors of ""the Party"" (which they clearly are not), are capable of rebellion. By sheer force and numbers it is only in the Prole populace that a successful rebellion could ever really take place to over through Big Brother, however, without well educated people among this group of people could the rebellion ever come up or reach the broader whole of the populace? It is those segments of a story that allow the reader to develop their own opinion that make a good story a great one. 1984 is a brilliant book not only because of its subject matter, symbolism, or depth but also because it is though provoking. The reading doesn't end when you finish the book and that is the hallmark of a great piece of literature."
"As a read, it rates quite well, until you come to the stodgy pages of the Goldstein book, supposed to reveal so much (more on this later).  But now let's consider the reader who thinks as well.I find that a lot of people simply don't read this book properly.  'Chilling exposure of totalitarian future'?  'Takes you to a nightmare world of totalitarian domination'?  Yes, that's what I had heard too when I opened this book as an adolescent. But my overwhelming impression was of the sheer seediness of the world depicted.  Winston and Julia's rebellion is directed at least as much against their degraded lives as against the Party's control of them.  Years later, I noticed my students didn't see this.  And of the first ten reviews I read, only one had as much as half a sentence on it.There's a lot of grimy, gritty realism in this book.  But it isn't, finally, a realistic novel.  First, it depends on huge silences.  Winston Smith is clearly a man of some culture.  Yet how, given the circumstances of his life, did he obtain it?  Also, how could the party possibly have changed from the winner of some sort of socialist revolutionary struggle before to what it is  in 1984?  How come Smith has some sort of amnesia about all of this?The overdetermined nature of the story is also unrealistic.  O'Brien seems to be able to read Smith's dreams.  The place he gets the notebook from just happens to be the place for Winston and Julia's love nest, the owner of which just happens to be a member of the thought police.  In Smith's interrogation, O'Brien has the ability to read Smith's thoughts.  Of course, all this enforces the doom that hangs over his rebellion, but it has the quality more of a dream, when the dreamer's fears immediately become concrete, than a book that says much about our actual world full of chance and contingency.The social structure depicted in this book is not that of Soviet communism, but of Soviet communism spliced together with the British class system. Notice that Party members do not, in that classic giveaway phrase, 'speak with accents'. The Party did not function as a class in the Soviet system; it pervaded the whole of society and was stridently and sincerely for the proletariat and proletarian values right to the end.  The society of 1984 wouldn't have worked without the economy being far more permeated by the party than would have been possible in the book: it would have ticked once or twice and then stopped.  Orwell's proles have no culture of their own: everything is dished out to them by the Ministries.  His patronising attitude is the worst sort of contempt.Now let's say something about the great book, that is supposed to explain everything.  The first lines tell us that the Middle want to replace the High, but the Low dream of universal brotherhood.  Even when I read that as a fourteen-year-old I knew that was false: why shouldn't the Low want to replace the Middle?  Isn't that what vast numbers have done?  Then the inmost answer of answers - was there ever such a damp squib?  The Party do as they do to satisfy their lust for control and dominance?  Come off it. I can believe in a once revolutionary or idealistic party that has become hopelessly mired in corruption and self-seeking, and I am sure that some members of the security services take a sadistic pleasure in doing their jobs, but rulers as a whole?  They've got better things to do.  O'Brien's mind encompassing Smith's (it says this at one point)is a figure of Orwell's encompassing both - which makes this a very sado-masochistic book."
"Even if you've read this classic before, it is a must read in reflection of current economical and political environment."
"“1984” by George Orwell is a dark prophetic look at the life of Winston Smith, the protagonist of the story, who lives under the rule of Big Brother who is the figurehead of the Party, the evil totalitarian government of Oceana.  The story is told from Winston’s perspective as he falls in love with Julia, which is forbidden as all devotion must be reserved to the Party.  He also has an unusually warm relationship with an Inner Party member by the name of O’Brien who turns out to be Winston’s ultimate antagonist as he represents the Party in his every action.  The reason that this book is such a timely piece of literature for today is that the world around us is going through dramatic changes in its structure.  None of us could know where this cycle will lead, but Orwell provides us with a nightmare of where the tide of history and government could come to rest and how an average man may live and feel under such conditions.While this does not naturally appear as a love story, it does actually take an important look at a dark side of love and devotion.  The Party demands more than absolute obedience; it demands the love of every subject.  Even to the degree that no other love interest can be maintained.  It is a very religious theme, similar to what you might hear during a Sunday morning sermon or straight from the Bible, “Anyone who loves his father or mother more than Me [Jesus] is not worthy of Me” (Matthew 10:37, New International Version).  Winston’s love for Julia is ultimately the reason that Winston is tortured mercilessly and his love for her is what is used to finally break his will at the climax of his incarceration in the Ministry of Love.Winston also maintains a curious relationship with the stories antagonist, O’Brien, throughout the story.  Early in the story, the two of them share a glance which indicates to Winston that they have similar interests regarding the overthrow of the current system. As it turns out, O’Brien has been working throughout the book to entrap him and presumably anyone else who might be caught up in ideas of overthrow.  He is ultimately Winston’s interrogator, torturer and re-educator.  However, even as he is being horribly tortured, Winston continues to hold a very high regard for O’Brien as he notes, “The peculiar reverence for O’Brien, which nothing seemed able to destroy, flooded Winston’s hear again” (Orwell, 1949, p. 225).  Winston would go on to betray Julia, but would never lose his admiration for O’Brien.Orwell’s story takes the idea of “big government” to its most extreme conclusion.  The story is particularly timely in a day when our own nation has clearly voted in recent months for a larger, more intrusive federal government.  America has shifted over the years from larger to smaller, less regulated government and back again throughout our history.  However, it is interesting that Orwell gives an idea of how one party was able to stop the pendulum from swinging by ensuring that average people were stopped from obtaining wealth.  Orwell (1949) uses the following passage to describe the process used to obtain total control of the society: “It was possible, no doubt, to imagine a society in which wealth in the sense of personal possessions and luxuries, should be evenly distributed, while power remained in the hands of a small privileged caste…In the long run, a hierarchal society was only possible on a basis of poverty and ignorance” (p. 156).In the end, Winston is a beaten man who has failed to stand up to the power of Big Brother in any way.  His character represents the limitations of the individual against an all powerful government.  His mind is coerced and his love confused.  The Party has done with him as it has with all others and will continue to do.  And the story concludes with no hope for a positive resolution.  This is a story which should be read by everyone to ensure an understanding of the evil capable of a powerful government.REFERENCE:Orwell, G. (1949) 1984 New York, NY: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, Inc."
A great page turner. Featuring one of the most creative plot lines i have ever read. Amazing imagery. Great characters.
Great! it has been awhile since I read this...more dated than I remember.  I still like the other ones best.
"If you think socialism, Marxism or even communism is the worst think that can happen then you must read this book. The U.N. wants to take this world right to a place that looks a lot like the world in this book. Don't be naive, it's already happening. Just read U.N. agenda 21."
"Previously read the entire book in the mid-60's; now once again, and it speaks so clearly of our current no-party government. Big Brother is to be identified as the collective of multinational corporations and the ultra-wealthy control freaks. The pendulum is beginning to swing the other way!"
What a Story and the twist in the middle. Couldn't put the book down and its extremely well written. Classic!
"I really can't give this novel any less than five stars. I read it every year and find something new, something often horrifyingly accurate in whatever political climate you're in. READ IT!"
1984 is a science fiction first published in the 40's.  An idea that George Orwell thought of as a possible future.  To explain the book without ruining the ending is hard.  The book is dark and as the character sneak away to spots where Big Brother can not see them.  There is always the feeling that you should look over your shoulder to see if they found you.  Being in places Big Brother can't see you and being punished for going to those places does not seem as insane as thinking of being somewhere else and being punished for.  Imagine having a thought against Big Brother and speaking in your sleep about it. Only to have your 5 year old daughter to report to the Thought Police for punishment which could be death.This strange version of history that could have been is difficult to have anything good to say about it.  Except for the fact that thankfully we do not live like this.You want badly for the couple in the book to find a way to break loose and free themselves from Big Brother.  Never thinking that the ending will turn as it does.So much sadness and melancholy within in one book is depressing at times but it was a interesting read of a classic.
"Having grown up in the former Soviet Union, as soon as I started reading the book, I could tell immediately where Orwell drew his inspiration, as well as most details of peoples' existence. Reading the book was like re-visiting my childhood, as well as refreshing my mother's and grandmother's stories of the soviet life in the 1950's, all the brainwashings, terrible living conditions, propaganda, people disappearing in the middle of the night, etc. Basically, Orwell took soviet reality of that era, and then took it a few notches up, and then twisted it some. Art imitates life, so to speak.  I'm not sure why everyone credits Orwell's imagination, then. Either way, the book is extremely boring, the plot is almost non-existent, nothing is really going on, the [unlikely] love affair took half-the book to unfold, and it wasn't even worth it."
"I have read everything Orwell has ever penned, even his essays, and this is by far his best piece of work.  The efficiency of his prose, the imaginative use of language that has become part of our daily lexicon (how many times have you used the term ""Big Brother""?). This is truly a treasure and a novel that I read at least once a year."
"Eric Arthur Blair, under the pen name of George Orwell, wrote 1984 because of his concern of the spread of communism. It is a dark, gothic look at what society could become if the spectre of communism led to totalitarianism. Essentially, it is a more graphic and adult version of his Animal Farm, with people. It is told by a nameless narrator who knows all the goings-on in the world of the future, and follows the life of a middle-aged citizen of Oceania, Winston Smith, who is an employee in the Ministry of Truth.1984 is not plot-driven, nor is it based on character development (these aspects are still present, however). The primary focus of the book is the setting. We are given the world as it could have become in 1984. Of course, we are not in a situation like that, but the threat of such a situation is still present. This differentiates it from other books, although there is never a reason to dislike or fear something new before trying it. Orwell believed it to be the most effective way to explain the world of 1984, and I think it is effective. If the focus were on the characters or the plot, a high proportion of the messages would have to be interpreted, rather than explained in detail. Different interpretations could mean that certain events make no sense, and discussion would be difficult. Some people may have missed some meanings altogether. By explaining his 'apocalyptic' vision of the future in complete detail, Orwell is able to get the entirety of his message to his readers. Orwell is a very articulate and imaginative writer. The world he depicts is divided into three world powers - Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia. The Party controls Oceania, the setting of the novel.Big Brother (a parallel to Napoleon from Animal Farm, or Stalin in real life) is at the apex of the social pyramid. He is the father-figure worshiped by the citizens. The Inner Party comprises 2% of the population, and the Outer Party 15%. The remainder consists of the dumb masses, or 'proles'. Any sign of unorthodoxy is dealt with swiftly and harshly by the Thought Police (a parallel to the dogs, the American secret service or Russian KGB). The telescreens that are planted in the walls receive and transmit information simultaneously. The Thought Police use these to keep their citizens under surveillance. Children are turned against their own parents through the use of spy camps and worship of Big Brother. 1984 is partially a look at how easily children can be manipulated and what happens when it goes wrong. Ironically, the people with the least intelligence are given the highest degree of freedom. They do not pose a threat. The chances of an uprising are non-existent because the proles believe anything they are told, and do not take material facts into consideration.Three of the Party's main slogans: 'War is Peace', 'Freedom is Slavery' and 'Ignorance is Strength' are swallowed without question by the majority of the population. The reasons for this, and how the Party pulls it off, are explained in detail later on. The Party was meticulous in its planning. Any totalitarian system requires a scapegoat. In Oceania, it is Emmanuel Goldstein (John Lenin), the subject of the Two Minutes Hate. The Brotherhood is the rebel group that follows Goldstein's teachings, and undermines the Party at any opportunity. The narrator shows us the thoughts that run through Winston's mind, and how he longs for freedom of thought. He meets the book's love interest, Julia, whom he disgusts at first glance and lusts after, due to his own failed marriage and her beauty. She wears a chastity scarf, symbolising her (supposed) contempt for sex, part of the reason for his lust - he believes he can never have her. The message here is the desire for that which is forbidden. He later learns that Julia is a rebel, but in a different way, ""only from the waist down"", according to Winston. They find a secret hiding place without a telescreen, and are invited to join the Brotherhood by O'Brien. As it turns out, this is when their troubles truly begin. Orwell describes in detail how the Party came into power, its motives and its true objectives.The full implication and repercussions of these revelations are unfurled in the final riveting part of the novel. However, there are flaws in the exploration of the society. We are not given a sufficient view into the eyes of the older generation that lived through the Revolution. Winston only questions one old prole in a pub, and appeared to give up his inquiry too early. 1984 is a very mature book, and I would only recommend it to people who can grasp similar concepts. If the reader is too young, they may dismiss the book as boring. It may seem so at first, but the novel will make more sense with some thought and, possibly, subsequent readings. If you enjoyed Brave New World, you will enjoy 1984, and even if you didn't, you may still like it. This is a philosopher's book."
"It has been nearly 20 years since I first read ""1984"". I thought I hated reading as a child until I came across this book. It started me on my road of Poli-Sci-Fi books such as Animal Farm, Brave New World, etc. It also made me recognize my interest in Non-Fiction books such as histories and biographies.Reading this book as a teenager and now in my 30s- makes a world of difference. There was much that I had forgotten. Now that I'm older and worldlier, the point of this book is taken with much more concern. I do believe we have entered a stage in human history that consists of perpetual war and an eventual police state. While I read, I couldn't help but think of the tome written by historian Carroll Quigley, ""Tragedy and Hope."" Fiction and non-fiction running a parallel course.Twenty years later, I still don't understand how George Orwell had such a keen grasp on human nature and managed to call himself a Socialist. This book and those like it birthed my Libertarian convictions. It is only with centralized governments, such as those that Socialism institute, that allow for such evils upon mankind as portrayed in this book.The ""Why"" doesn't matter. Whether its Winston's belief that The Party's purpose of power is due to the belief that men are ""frail and cowardly creatures...and must be ruled over and systematically deceived by others who were stronger than themselves"" OR O'Brien's admission that the The Party's purpose of power was simply for the sake of power. Whether Compassion or Despotism- the end result is the same. Man should never be allowed so much power over his neighbor, no matter the root cause of his intentions."
Don't know how else to say it... One of the best books of all time. Will truly make you think about Big Brother. Are we so far away from this? And he wrote this book way before our time. He was a visionary.
"I read 1984 and LOVED all of it. (except the ending was a not really what i would have liked to happen) Its a great book, definitely one that everyone should read in their lifetime. Orwell is an amazing writer. 1984 is one of my favorite books."
"In order to fully appreciate this novel, the ideal mindset has to be the circa, 1949, when the book was published.  When compared to the present day, one would have to ask themselves, what kind of world do we really live in.  The powers that be must have read the work as if to make the controlling ""Big Brother"" a reality.  Definitely a must read for those wanting to have an idea of Control Theory,Social Psychology and the implications of Nationalism and the effect on society. Definitively ahead of his time in a frightening way."
"1984 is the biggest achievement of Eric Blair as a novelist and anybody even slightly interested in politics, history or the future should give it a read. I think 1984 is one of the few books which you can't skip reading and just watch the movie. Very detailed, very thorough, very challenging - the book is more than 50 years old, and yet very very current. I've read it more than 5 times now, but the paperback copy from amazon is definitely the nicest edition I've had - printed on something that looks like recycled paper, roughly cut and printed in weird, but nice font - I recommend buying it."
"1984 wasnt as great as everyone seemed to say it was. yes it was rather original in some ways for the time it was written but alot of the ideas were very much socialist/communist ideologies. it was a really slow start and parts were really good but other parts i had to struggle through. i also though SPOILER the parts in the ministry of lve were rather unrealistic; no one talks like that when they torture someone, no one is gonna ramble for like 12 pgs at a time. seriously. still not too bad a bk. i prefer ""oryx and crake,"" ""the passage,"" and ""one second after."""
"Okay all this book was about was random sex, the destruction of human nature, and the ending of all morales. However I must admit that Orwell had a prphetic sense when it camr to the idea of being watched constantly by the government. This book lacked a decent plot as well. THS BOOK SHOULD NOT BE READ UNLESS YOU LOVE THE DESTRCTION OF THE WONDERFUL HUMAN NATURE GOD CREATED."
AMust Read.  I can't put it down. It had been Years since first read and keeps getting Better! Read This Book!
"I have read this book so much, this is the third book I have purchased.  I have worn out 2 other copies."
"I just finished- literally- reading the book 1984 by George Orwell and my very first thought as I gazed over the last four sentences upon my nook version of the book was anger. Not mad at Orwell, or Winston (the main charterer), more mad at the way it went. Don't worry no spoilers here but as a first time read for this nearly 35 year old guy I can say that I'm glad I waited to read it as I think having done so at a lesser age wouldn't have proved as beneficial an understanding as it did just now.This is a 4+ star book (we'll just round it down to 4 for measures sake) in my opinion simply for the fact that it was able to move me and keep my attention even while not reading it. Recommended"
"This book contains supreme beauty and the worst ugliness.  One of the greatest works of the 20th century, one all should have a go at."
"Simply one of the greatest novels ever put to print.  It is sometimes shocking, sometimes moving, sometimes sad; but this is one of the strongest warnings about the future that we are possibly headed towards.I admit I enjoyed it much more now that I am reading it for pleasure and not school."
"Wasn't it Andy Warhol who said art is what you can get away with?  I just finished ""1984"" a few hours ago and throughout its reading I had  ""blasphemous"" thoughts like, ""This book is crazy."" And,  ""Orwell was crazy."" And ""Orwell was a sadist AND crazy.""  Blasphemous thoughts because how dare anyone criticize such a ""classic""  and such a genius as George Orwell! He was a ""genius"" alright, a genius at hoodwinking people into thinking he wrote a literary masterpiece.  And readers please don't tell me I didn't understand the book. I think I did. I just thought the extreme hyperbole and incredulity was just way, way ""over the top"" for any serious denunciation of the ""totalitarian"" form of government. As stupid and mean-spirited as our species is at times, I think it was ridiculous to cast ""mankind"" in such a low light as did Orwell in this book. Long before anything like Orwell's ""Big Brother"" has attained such an unconscionable level of cruelity and sadistic power ""it"", I'm quite sure, will be overthrown. The human mind is far stronger, rational, and resilient I think than Orwell imagines it. It IS unfortunately quite malleable but not INFINITELY malleable, which I think it would have to be for such a nightmare as ""1984"" to become a reality.  The most sickening part of the book in my estimation, while the graphic descriptions of Winston's many tortures are sickening enough, is when he honestly  and without the slightest modicum of doubt whatsoever proclaims that he LOVES ""Big Brother"". Human beings are BETTER than this, and I don't think they can ever be so controlled, brainwashed and manipulated as Orwell imagines they can be.  I think the genius of Orwell, if such can be said of him , is that above all he wanted to SHOCK his readers.  And in this he certainly succeeded. An Abstract Expressionist painter named Jasper Johns did much the same when he painted ""False Start"", which essentially is nothing more than splotches of different colored paints splattered on a canvas. I think the painting is garbage, but it was sold in 2006 to an American hedgefund manager for $80 million dollars."
"I read this book in high school and thought it was okay.  I decided to read it again as an adult and see what I thought of it (something about going back and reading the classics).  Turns out that I liked it more as an adult but found the story to fall short.  At the end you can't tell if the main character was tortured, turned or just dreaming.  I felt like the first half was really slow, the middle was FANTASTIC and the last bit was just over before I could get my mind around what had happened.  I really wish that it could have ended differently.  Still worth reading through.The story is about the year 1984 and the hell in which people live in.  Countries are always at war, but whom they are fighting keeps changing.  Things that Big Brother doesn't like are just erased.  Whole histories, whole stories, are whipped as if they never were.  People live in hunger and fear of Big Brother."
"Whether you enjoy science fiction or not, Orwell's 1984 is a must read.  Orwell writes like Monet paints, in that his description of 1984 is opaque yet colorful, mysterious, and beautiful.Throughout 1984, the reader follows Winston Smith, who lives in Airstrip One.  The world is subdivided into three major super powers.  Winston lives in Oceana, which is run by Big Brother.  Three ministries govern Oceana: The Ministry of Truth, Ministry of Love, and Ministry of Peace.  Winston works for the Ministry of Truth, and it is there he meets Julia.Much like Orwell's description of the scenes themselves, he creates a world in which the reader feels they are looking at Oceana through a sheet.  Orwell never describes Oceana or 1984 in too much detail; though, in his descriptions of Winston's relationships to the world he lives in, Julia, and Big Brother, he writes with enough description that Orwell's vision of the future becomes more apparent with each page.The most striking scene is when a poet is thrown into prison because he refused to take out the word, ""God"" from a poem he transcribed because no other word fit.  No matter a person's spiritual background, the critical person should find it uncanny that in 1949 Orwell imagined a world in which the name `God' would become illegal.Though, we do not live in a world in which three empirical superpowers govern us, the critical person should wonder if we are closer to Orwell's 1984 than we realize.  Or, perhaps, ideologically, we are there and realize it; though, we have become so accustomed to living in Orwell's 1984 that we willingly give up our rights and personal identity in the name of government sanctioned security and equality."
"I first read this book in high school because it was required. Needless to say, I have read it a few more times on my own since then. Why? Because it's worth it. Orwell offers eerily accurate correlations to a hypothetically world that places heavy reliance on media. Not only do people begin to forgot how to think for themselves, but a world of pure uniformity and lack of individuality begins to develop. One will be shocked at the little things that will remind you of devices that exist in our culture today and perhaps spark a bit of motivation to embrace one's flaws and unique attributes. After all, Orwell essentially warns in this novel that if we conform the ending won't be good. I guarantee one will complete this novel in record time because it's simply one you can't put down until your questions are answered."
"Like with Brave New World, 1984 is and inside look to the Progressive Collectivist mindset.  Again, all the concepts are there: collectivism, propaganda, control, government as God.  Big Brother has arrived."
"Or re-read it if it was read as in my case back in the '60's.  One passage about 60% into the book comes alive, '...It was possible, no doubt to imagine a society in which wealth, in the sense of personal possessions and luxuries should be evenly distributed, while power remained in the hands of a small priviledged caste.'  If this doesn't ring any bells or raise some red flags, the the reader is not paying attention."
"Kind of surreal when it was first written, and nothing has changed in my mind from the first time I read it many years ago! It's almost scary how it seems to mirror our modern times, yet it was published in 1949. A good read, especially if you can do it without a lot of distractions."
"This is an excellent read, suggested for anyone who enjoys alternate history novels, and fiction readers in general. It is just amazing that Orwell could incision all of this 70 years ago."
"No humor in this parodyThe book asks a fundamental question: Can an individual survive in the face of the power of a collectivist State? Orwell was an egalitarian socialist who believed there was room for individualism, while warning about the Stalinist form of socialism. He hated central planning and oligarchical privilege. He recognized that collectivism compounds bondage and government power. He found hope in the proletariat, rather than the bourgeoisie..Unlike the allegorical 'Animal Farm' there is no humor in this very serious parody of what the author saw in English centered world politics in 1948. He saw atomic weapons, developments in the USSR and UK socialism spreading to America. He saw continued rationing after war's end as government control of living standards. Today it's controlled inflation that serves the same purpose.Orwell hated suppression of individualism, central planning and the collective oligarchy of either business or politics. His protagonist, Winston Smith, named after Churchill, has doubts and pangs of conscience and memory as he struggles to retrieve aspects of individualism and love in the dystopian world order of rule of the Party. It's an unusual character analysis as Winston's changes in outlook are not willful, being motivated by his subconscious or by coercion. Doubts intrude into Winston's suppressed memory in the forms of a surviving dairy of past memories and a photograph of a past forgotten event. His dreams and his bathroom are the only agendas immune from Party scrutiny. In the 1984 world order all capitalists (bourgeoisie) are gone. Their place as the middle class has been taken by Winston's small class of outer party functionaries.As a psychologist and linguist, Orwell cleverly incorporates concepts of double think and Newspeak into the novel. History can be changed. Reality is what the Party says it is.Today we can substitute Amsoc for Ingsoc. It's likely that one party rule is here to stay. England went socialist in 1945. The USA followed 20 years later. Minor reversions in each local appear to have failed. World divisions are tending toward Orwell's concept of 3 groupings with parts of Africa as a no-man's land. So far the groupings are economic more than political. George Washington preceded Orwell in predicting a 'United States of Europe.'The current world order is very similar to Orwell's idea in spite of the Soviet breakup.Instead of war being used as a means of holding down living standards, our present government uses economic means including fiscal and tax policy with currency degradation and controlled inflation to maintain a death grip on our economy. Did Orwell hope that we would heed his warning? The possibility is growing more and more remote.Today we see Orwellian doublethink in the “balanced” approach to debt reduction, in “bipartisanship” and especially in the claim of a “centralist” political position. Other examples of doublethink abound. Social security is savings. Control is regulation. Pork is infrastructure.Education is investment. Credit and debt as money is an especially virulent doublethink.We have triplethink (global warming will lead to another ice age, taxation of health care benefits is a choice) and circlethink (we owe it to ourselves).Individual memory is suspect as psychologists and lawyers lose no opportunity to tell us.Hate is necessary to focus popular opinion in the proper directions. Oceanans hate Eurasia, or Eastasia, and the long gone Emanuel Goldstein, capitalists and kings. The heavy note of pessimism predicts the inevitable triumph of the collective oligarchy. Individual freedom is doomed. Only doublethink saves individual freedom. History has been changed. The federalism of our founders has morphed into love of big government. Our Bill of Rights is now a mandate for federal protection. Thoughtless politically motivated hate is rampant. Today we hate the rich, obese kids, imagined monopolists, tea party obstructionists, the electoral college, British Petroleum and warming deniers. We hate Iran, deflation, hedge funds, short sellers, and even Wall Street, that symbol of wicked capitalism.To qualify as literature the work is chock full of symbolism culminating in the smashing of the coral paperweight signifying final loss of hope. Nursery rhymes in song predict betrayal so that Winston and his love Julia eventually betray each other under State sponsored therapy administered at the Ministry of Truth. Big Brother parodies Stalin and Emanuel Goldstein parodies Trotsky, dead since 1940, but still an object of hate in 1948. The Golden Country of Winston's dreams signifies sexual freedom and freedom from observation. Chocolates signify a survival instinct in Winston's past with luxury for party members only. Rats involve psychology in place of torture. Music is used for control of the prole's emotions, as a war economy is used to suppress living standards. A single strong looking woman symbolizes Orwell's hopes for a proletarian future.This is the world's last intelligent socialist writing about the world's last individualist.  (Harry Hopkins died in 1946.)  It's all very familiar and very real with regulation by the ministries of Truth, Love, Peace and Plenty, although we have many more today. There is great derogation of individualism in favor of collectivist patriotism. We see Party perks from retirement pensions and health care to free checking accounts. Pushing out of the middle class is accelerating along with animus against capitalists. Government has been substituted for country making for doublethink in the difficulty of loving one's country while hating our government. What formerly was patriotism is fast becoming the new way of saying “I Love Big Brother.”Animal Farm by George OrwellLike '1984', 'Animal Farm' depicts the perversions of a centralized economy. Orwell was that rare socialist who sees things the way they are. I see Orwell along with Harry Hopkins as the last smart socialists (read communists). Allegorical details of the book have been well depicted elsewhere so that the interesting exercise is to draw parallels to apply Orwell's lessons to present day politics. I find the book more like 'Wizard of Oz' than any other allegory although 'Gulliver's Travels' could serve as a model. Old Major could represent W.J. Bryon, whose financial ideals, a failure in their day, we hold firmly in thrall or J.M. Keynes whose economic ideals liberals pretend to follow. This extremely clever beautifully written political allegorical is called a fairy story rather than a fable because it lacks as pithy a moral as those provided by Aesop.The details show impressive familiarity with Soviet history. There's every historical event from the Kronstat revolt to Stalin's purges to foreign agreements on trade and war. There are the Windmill attempts to rebuild the soviet economy with 5 year plans. Despite the extensive history lesson a lot is missing, including the Russo-Japanese War, the revolutions of 1905 and February 1917, Kerensky and the Provisional Government, Menshevik opposition, the murder of royal family at Ekaterinburg, extensive forced land redistribution, the Spanish civil war and the Hitler pact. We can only speculate on whether the omissions would have made for too complex a fairy story or whether Orwell had a deeper motive. 'A People's Tragedy' Orlando Figes's great history of the Russian Revolution takes over 800 pages and that one runs only to the death of Lenin in 1924.Perhaps unintentionally, 'Animal Farm' illustrates other problems with socialism, lack of initiative and motivation, mentality of dependency, a modern version entitlement mentality. Today there is dependency on government for planning everything from environment to meals. It's clear that the barbs are directed at socialists, particularly in Russia, not socialism in general. The polemics of egalitarian central planning has now become synonymous with socialism. It's not clear whether Orwell recognizes that central planning is indistinguishable from totalitarianism. Although AF was written too early for Orwell to have seen failures in Russia, India, South America, Cuba, Africa and most of all the USA, Orwell was well aware that the Nazi rise to power was a reaction to the failure of Weimar socialism in Germany.The black raven, Moses, emblematic of religion and bureaucracy, does no useful work as the pigs take all the economic surplus. While I'm familiar with the now stale metaphor of 'opium of the masses,' it's the first time I've seen it described in the sense of government coercion. Shades of the 'under God' clause in the 'Pledge of Allegiance.'Besides his talent for allegory and political analysis, a major attribute of 'Animal Farm' is Orwell's precise use of language. It's difficult to analyze because the main charm is in what Orwell doesn't write. He eschews use of idiom, jargon or metaphors. He's entirely original. For example an amateur reviewer like myself might be tempted to say (pun intended) that the pigs lived high off the hog. Although such cutesy language appears to be very popular in modern best sellers. if that had been Orwell's style he would be long forgotten. Today's newspaper contains the inane simile “literally a ticking time bomb.” I have Orwell to thank for sensitivity to this style of vague popularism. Read his fine essay 'Politics and the English Language.' Ironically, Orwellian terms like “big brother” have found their way into the English language. He wouldn't use his own idioms.Since the allegory and fable has been extensively reviewed in the last 65 years, I'll content myself with a bit of speculation on what Orwell might have thought about current US socialism. 'Animal Farm' depicts a gullible public believing political media generated spin war and peace even to denial when proven false. The distortions still resonate. Pravda spinner Squealer is typified by political mouthpieces. I'll refrain from naming them. Orwell allocates equal blame to Whymper for buying and Napoleon for selling. Our media blames corporations for buying influence attaching no responsibility to the government bureaucracy for influence being for sale. Deception of the populace and scapegoating is developed with the purported goal of equality, albeit without totalitarianism. The book ends with pigs indistinguishable from repressive humans.Even though violent totalitarianism is lacking, the reader can draw many parallels to today's government. Much of the value of reading Orwell lies in reader's ability to draw parallels with the present time. After all part of his purpose was to warn that it could happen here. Orwell would certainly approve of President Obama, who implements socialism without violence in contravention to Lenin who said it couldn't be done. I've taken the liberty of drawing a few parallels between 'Animal Farm' and our present administration. The last item can be greatly extended.Living fairy story of Animal FarmAltruistic middle class living Goldilocks fableStalin (Napoleon) deception for powerObama deception for ideologySham democracySham democracyPhysical repressionEconomic repressionRussian proletariat acceding powerUSA electorate oblivious to economic realityRussia exported grain to finance industrializationUSA exporting jobs to finance social changeChanging historyChanging history of politics and economics to blame oppositionRussia exporting own brand of Communism via CominformUSA exporting own brand of “democracy” via State DepartmentMarx advocated using bourgeois as stepping stone/ Lenin, Stalin (Napoleon)  eliminating bourgeois (kulaks)Progressive legislation eliminating middle class in USABlame SnowballBlame Bush, the rich and global warmingSquealer propagandaPopulist mediaEducationMadrassas hatred of West, child soldiersRussian Revolution failingUSA Revolution failingNapoleon takes place of JonesObama has more power than George IIIPigs actions independent of other animalsElected politicians not accountable to populace / replay of taxation without representationOne party ruleTwo party rulePigs taking exorbitant share of national productGov share of GDP approaching 50%, political perks, QE flowing to health care and insurance executives and banks.“Social revolution by democratic means is impossible.” ~ LeninAttempting the impossible egalitarianism in USAReligion used as “opiate”Money, sports, ceremony usedGrowth through forced laborNo growth economyNo minority partyMinority representation overridden4 Legs Good – 2 Legs BetterCompetition Good – Regulation Better"
good service on time mailing read good work well well well well well well well well well well well well
Definitely puts things in perspective. A great look into humanity and individualism. Quite a twist from part three onward. Two and two is four!
Great book I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good sci-fi  novel to read. The book has movie to go with it it as well.
"I ordered this for my teen son, he loves the book.  I was kind of surprised how much I had to pay but I guess this book is still popular."
Excellent book.  Interesting and made me want to keep reading. It also made me think about society today and what could still happen.
"it is weird how it is extremely resembling, the book, to some facts that actually are happening now day. , and speaking in pure story, it is awesome and you should read it"
"When I started this book I was a bit skeptical that it would hold up to its reputation. I had talked with a few family members/employee's regarding the book and was informed that it was quite dull and boring.I'd have to disagree to the fullest. The book was great. It was one of those rare stories that I connected with the protagonist and really liked and cared about him. There were times when I would find myself thinking how careless and stupid Winston was being. I can imagine that if you didnt like or have a connection with the main character that the book would be rather slow and uneventful. So, if your one of those readers that require optimism  to its fullest and happy endings then Id advise that you stay clear."
"I had heard many great things about the works of George Orwell, particularly with regards to 1984. As the brief description adequately puts it, this masterpiece is filled with almost ""dangerous"" ideologies, which are cleverly portrayed and frighteningly prophetic. I highly recommend this book to any person who has questioned authority."
"At the risk of being tarred and feathered for disliking a ""classic...""Orwell was a philosopher trying to be a novelist, and in my opinion he failed at both.  The first third of the book is painfully slow and plot-less, in the middle third Orwell gave up on expressing his ideas through plot and had his main character ""read a book"" about the Big Brother society, and the last third is brutal and depressing.  I think Orwell would have done better to simply write the philosophy book he had his character read and forget about the boring, contrived plot he attempted to create.  Also, sex is such a common metaphor throughout the book that it was practically a fourth main character.The only reason I gave the book two stars is because it made me think about the influence of the Holy Spirit.  Orwell was not a Christian, and as such saw the possibility of a future with no morals, no absolutes, and a useless, broken human spirit.  I kept thinking, ""Even if society was like this, SOMEONE would still know truth and stand up for it.""  The reason I believe that is because of the Holy Spirit and God's promise of a remnant.  It is comforting to know that, no matter how bad our world gets, 1) man was still created in God's image and that image cannot be completely snuffed out, and 2) as long as the Holy Spirit and the church remains, there will always be those who recognize and stand up for truth.  The Bible seems to indicate that the Holy Spirit and the church will someday be removed from the world, and the world of 1984 might not be too far off from what that could look like, except that I think it will be worse.  I would say read the book if you want to ponder that, but it's so poorly written I say don't bother--I'm sure you can find something better."
"This book hauntingly describes the danger of the totalitarianism. It's sad that so many people nowadays try to change this nation into communist or socialism ( same role, just different name) not really knowing the truth, just based on some political ideology that human history had repeatedly proved to be failed. In fact communism is the worst political system that ever presented on earth. Because of its brutality, I escaped from that regime. And I am happy to be in this country where human freedom is mostly respected, and protected. Communist lies saying every one shares equally: In fact only, those few comrades who caused the shift of power enjoy the wealth and power, but the rest of the general citizens have no equality nor basic human right. Any one speak against government---disappear next day to ""concentration camp"" w/o fair trials nor justice. Communist shut down all religious freedom, or freedom of speech ( all medias are government controlled) Communists deny any form of gods but instead, they set the status of Stalin or Ma chiding, or Kimjung ill, and have to sing songs and salute for them, worship them. From elementary children to elders... Anyone dares to go against the government, ---labor camp! Several millions who stand for their freedom were killed brutally in early 20th century, during the communism overturn. Stalin communist government killed 90 millions including the vicinity nations that were turn into communism, Macho-tong communist killed 100 millions, 2 millions by North Korea, by Cambodia each, 2 millions in Africa, 200,000 latin America..so on . But most of all they all became terribly poor after communist regime,oppressing the free capitalism, except China, because they started to adapt the partial capitalism from 10 years ago after they realized the harsh economic state. Now history tells also other evil regime; Hitler killed 6 million jew with other 4 million of Europeans; Japan' imperialism killed 20 million Asians during WWII, ..so on.When communism and socialism oppress people's creative and force them to work for ""common Good"", the productivity drops automatically. Why? men were not made to work for Common good. Maybe some aliens from different planet or maybe Jesus will do for  common good. But not men's nature. That's why communism make every one poorer and poorer. When men get prosperous by working hard, with their creativity, they help others if they are normal. because normal people appreciate God's wisdom of love and peace.But if the much power goes to God-haters, but seeking totalitarianistic government, you will see the corruption everywhere. Because they basically don't know, or appreciate God's wisdom of love and peace for all, they will fully manifest their selfishness and brutality. If USA turned into communism, the power will shift to only those who hate the existing American system. They secretly controlling medias ( I already see it happened ) and brainwashing the youth with distorted facts in textbooks last 20 years. They keep change their names, their activity, and theory. Why? if they openly speak up, they know they will fail because any normal mind people will see the deception and its perversion. Look at these behind scenes of the  head members. They are not normal mind, full of hatred, and causing always divisions, manipulations  Men can't govern themselves.They are very selfish, greedy and evil by nature. If  any political party, government have too much power, they will certainly hurt others unless they truly know jesus who always teach love and peace. That's why our America's constitution is truly great, because it was written by the God's fairness and wisdom protecting basic human rights that is originally from God . I realized only those who hate God fall into ""deny the constitution, or change it because it's old ideas"". Too old constitution?  Then why the whole world always look upon America when it comes, most well practiced freedom and human right? Please have  reasons.  Collect the real historic facts, separate from the author's propaganda. Lineup the real facts, then you will see the history more accurately. Always develop the ""reasoning power"" of your own this way, not swayed by many false propagandas in most books out there. If you don't have your own reasoning power, you will be always vulnerable and get deceived.Interestingly always angry, poor people become the front line deceived victims of these evil ideology. So instead, ask God to enlighten your heart to live with love and peace with others and ask your personal blessing instead of trying to destroy others who seems have.If you believe somebody or some classes hurt your people, look at this. Bible says: forgive your enemy, don't live with your past: Don't covet your neighbors: work diligently on your own hands so you don't steal, become a burden to others. And lastly, love your neighbors as yourself. Then you will live in the true blessing of God, the creator. Those citizens of chines and all the other communist countries, including north korean, who are brutally oppressed in the middle Eastern Islam tyrannies still wants their human freedom with the destruction of the oppressing totalitarianistic regime still today. So why move to backward of mistakes people?"
I have read this one twice. It just grabbed me from page one.If I could only find more books that do this for me I could be an avid reader !
"For years I had stayed away from this novel because I feared it would be a whiny book about how the bad government was mean to us. I was dead wrong. But can you blame me? Everyone nowadays shouts ""Big Brother"" whenever they see a security camera in a public place.I swallowed my apprehensions and bought this book. Glad I did.My first surprise was that the novel was far more subtle than I had been led to believe. I was intrigued, I wanted to read on, and I did.The first two parts are good, though I wasn't affected more than that. I was interested in this new world, I still wanted to learn about it and understand it. Some passages are truly epic, such as the history and explanation of this new world. After the first two parts establish in practice and theory the world we're in, the third part comes in, and that's a wholly different ballgame.Without saying anything of the plot, let's just say that I was mentally and physically shocked. By this I mean that I have rarely been so affected by words before. Everything *1984* exposed in its first two parts comes to a head in this third part and the point is gotten across with the force of a hammer to the heart. While I could remain safely out of reach during the first two parts, the third part had me. Newspeak, doublethink, all this stuff and more appeared to be pure evil, and if you're someone for whom truth is the ultimate value, and someone for whom language is a vital proponent of our thought, evolution, and morals, then you should feel like you're facing pure evil too.Orwell did what few authors have done - to my knowledge - in that he hits one of the biggest literary homeruns I have ever read. A boot stamping on a human face forever.I can't say enough about *1984*, but I will say that it was nothing like what I expected from the hearsay and the abuse of terms from this novel. The depth of this book is downright frightful. Pure evil inhabits this novel. Few books have made me feel this uneasy.I absolutely recommend it to anyone, and I also recommend forgetting people's use of ""Big Brother"" and other Orwellian terms applied to things that are, in truth, far remote from what Orwell was writing about.Lastly, while this edition is excellent, don't read the inside flaps as they give away major plot points. I couldn't believe such major plotpoints would be disclosed in the flap, but it was. The people who designed these books seem to think everyone has already read them. Do not read the flap! Take that dustjacket away as soon as you get the book and only look at it after you're done."
"In 1948, on the island of Jura in Scotland, a middle-aged and gravely tubercular man pen-named George Orwell (real name Eric Arthur Blair), began writing his sixth novel. Orwell, an extremely influential journalist and author who was known for his adroit ability to craft with the English language, his strong opinions on political issues such as totalitarianism, and his satirical novella Animal Farm (1945), sent the final copy of his sixth and final novel to his publisher on 4 December 1948. On 8 June 1949, the novel hit the shelves of bookstores, bearing the name Nineteen Eighty-Four. Seven months after his book was released, on 28 January 1950, Orwell passed away because of complications with tuberculosis. Over 60 years later, people still enjoy this grim, enigmatic tale of a futuristic society gone horribly wrong. The edition I am reviewing is a 328- page reprint by Signet Classics, complete with the story, an appendix with the principles of Newspeak, and an afterword by Erich Fromm. In the futuristic super-state Oceania, which consists mainly of the Americas, the Atlantic islands, Australia, and the southern portion of Africa, the story takes place in what used to be called Britain, but is now known as ""Airstrip One"". One could infer from the title that the story takes place in the year 1984 (although the government's falsification of history has created some uncertainty regarding what year the story really takes place in). Oceania itself is governed by a three-tiered totalitarian party, separated into an Inner Party, an Outer Party, and a large proletariat population, all of which are led by a mysterious dictator named Big Brother. Winston Smith, a member of the Outer Party who works in one of the ministries of the Party, takes the main role in this story. Because he possesses a mind unlike many of those within the Party, a mind full of resistance and hate towards the Party, Winston regularly does things that would be considered a crime in Oceanic society, a society in which the truth is censored, the actions of people are closely monitored, the thoughts of people are controlled and altered, and peoples' individuality has been removed. At the opening of this story, we find that Winston works in the Ministry of Truth, a large governing ministry which is responsible for rewriting historical documents and media and changing facts to fit Party doctrine and make it seem like the Party is absolute and never wrong, in essence turning most news media, and even some books and some forms of art, into propagandist media (and also turning the name of the ministry into a lie). Normal Party members are oblivious to falsification because their minds have been trained to simultaneously accept two contradicting beliefs as correct (this is referred to in the story as doublethink). However, Winston is different. He begins to see through the party, their abuse of power, their lies, and their hate, and because of this, he seeks psychological freedom. Winston seems to recall a time in his life when things were much better. However, he doesn't quite remember when that time was, or what it was really like. This mere feeling causes Winston to ponder whether or not there was a time before his where life was much better; a time without perpetual war, political unrest, or harsh living conditions. Because of this, he seeks a way to bring down Big Brother and the Party. He finds hope in rumors of an underground organization known as the Brotherhood, created for the purpose of overthrowing the party. He also finds hope in the proles, theorizing that with the size of their population, if they realized that their life could be much, much better (though how can you do that when this is how you have lived since the day you were born?), they might band together and overthrow the party. He also finds hope in a fellow employee, Julia, who Winston at first believes is an agent of the Thought Police. However, an encounter at work changes his mind when she reveals to him that she loves him. They begin an affair, rendezvousing in remote locations to make love; not just because of love, but also for rebellion against the Party. They then make a home in an antique shop in a proletarian quarter of Airstrip One. Another fellow employee of Winston's, O'Brien, displays discontent for the party as well, and upon Winston and Julia meeting with him in his flat, he reveals that the Brotherhood really does exist, and he allows Winston and Julia to be a part of it, so long as they understand that the change they desire will not happen in their lifetime. Winston had finally found paradise in a collectivist hell. Not only that, but he had also become part of the force that was going to bring down the Party! He knew he had people on his side! Although this seemed very, very promising, this proved to be nothing but a lie. Winston receives a book from O'Brien regarding oligarchical collectivism that was written by Emmanuel Goldstein, a co-founder of the Party who ended up betraying it and, because of this, becoming the primary object of hate in Oceania. Shortly after this, Winston and Julia are betrayed by the owner of the antique store they lived in, who turns out to be an agent of the Thought Police. Shortly after this, they are both taken away to the Ministry of Love. During his captivity in the Ministry of Love, Winston is beaten, abused, neglected and periodically interrogated by members of the Inner Party (his treatment being indicative of yet another misnomer of a ministry that specializes in interrogation through torture). O'Brien, who revealed himself to be a member of the Inner Party, interrogates Winston several times, and at one point reveals to him that the Party wants more than just confessions from people who are considered ""thoughtcriminals"". The Party needs to be certain of every citizen's love for Big Brother and the Party because they simply want every citizen to believe in Big Brother and the Party. They don't want to exterminate those who do not believe. Rather, they want to go to the fullest extent to force them to believe. With this as their motive, what will happen to Winston? Will he continue to resist the Party? Will he end up just like every other brainwashed, orthodox citizen of Oceania? The conclusion of this story reveals all of this and more. What O'Brien revealed to Winston shows that in a totalitarian regime the top priority of the party is to control everything they can possibly control. Even your own mind. This book clearly illustrates for the reader the dangers of totalitarianism and how this political system dramatically affects the quality of life for the citizens held within it. Late teens to adults of any age who have strong opinions on political issues or enjoy dystopic fiction or social science fiction will enjoy this book. However, people who are sensitive to sexual content or violence might not like certain aspects of this story, because there are points where topics like this are either hinted at, or sometimes even elaborated upon. Also, a recommended prerequisite to this book is to possess a rather advanced vocabulary, that is to say that if your reading level isn't quite at the college level, then you may have some difficulty getting through this book. I enjoyed this book. I actually enjoyed it a lot. The ending, however, I did not exactly enjoy because this book did not end the way I wanted it to or the way I thought it would. However, by no means does the ending negate the book's appeal; the book is sure to be a great choice for anyone who enjoys complex characters, an enigmatic storyline, and outstanding, elegant usage of the English language."
I read this book just after I read Tales of Two Cities.  How I wish I were still in College so I could write a paper that compares the two.  It is interesting how a century after Tales another author can spring board into even more descriptive Existential details.
"This book provides a dark but compelling vision of the future. It isn't always comfortable reading, but you are engrossed in the concept and the relationships in the book. One mans struggle against the totalitarian system is fascinating to read and the ideas of societies development is scary to consider. A classic book, well written and should be on every bookshelf.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page."
"1984 by George Orwell is a dystopian novel about the totalitarian regime of the Party, it's the story of Winston Smith and his intellectual rebellion of the Party, and consequent captivity, torture, and re-education. The Party and Big Brother totally control the people by psychological manipulation to dictate thoughts and actions.Imagine a world where you are being constantly watched and you don't know it, and a common enemy is used as the object of fear and hatred for the party- a means of controlling the population of course. Imagine a world where the party wishes to have all human desire disappear, sex is a grotesque act committed only for two reasons; reproduction and duty to the Party. To desire anything was a thoughtcrime, you should only want Big Brother's love and acceptance, as O'Brien says,""There will be no loyalty, except loyalty to the Party.""You believe everything the Party says, it is always correct. They have lost the ability of independent thought, and memories are lost and never were. A new language is created ""Newspeak,"" essentially the destruction of words. So thoughtcrime against the Party is impossible because there are no words that can correctly express emotions.So, ""freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four"" and  this freedom is never granted. Two plus Two is anything the Party wants it to be, and ""war is peace"" because war is used as a tool to control the people.The novel takes the reader to a world that is so scary and vivid and almost possibly like ours.' It's a masterpiece and Orwell will take you to a world that will shake you because it is almost like our own, but thankfully and hopefully will never get as bad. Orwell tells you how important freedom really is, and that you might not even notice that you don't have it, and that two plus tw0 should always equal four or somethings not right."
"1984 was written by George Orwell and takes place in a dystopia in England. This book was written close to Orwell's death and most people say it's one of his best he ever written.  This book takes the view of a low level party worker named Wiston who doesn't like the view of the party. But he can't do anything about it because of the suppression of speach and thought and if you said or think about anything that is against the party or ""Big Brother"" the thought police comes in and brings you to the Ministry of Love (a prison like compound).  Winston has a dairy ,which was bought illegally, that has all his thought crimes. As the story progresses Winston job was to ""change history"" by rewriting it and finds some things that don't add up. He desides to look into this more and finds out he was right. He then goes looking for the ""Brotherhood"" ,a revolutionary organization, and finds out that one of high up party members are a part of the ""Brotherhood"".  Now that's all I will tell you about the story but I will tell that this is a clasic. This will make everyone think about there government diiferently. It's one of the books that everyone needs to read because it forces you to expand your views on everything. But there is one downside to this book, it doesn't make sense unless you know your hostory and governmental systems.  I give this book a 4 out of 5."
"OK, I get it that this book is not merely about totalitarian regimes; rather, it is warning that ""negative utopia"" can stem from democratic societies, and things like doublethink, thought police and such can take the individuality from every person in the society, and so on ..But we are reading a novel, not a political thesis. In this book the writing is as bland as water, the characters are cardboard cutouts, and the story is boring. Judged by its literary merits, I simply cannot agree that it is a masterpiece."
"The Centennial Edition of 1984 with the forward by Thomas Pynchon has ""deckled edges,"" which I personally find annoying. You can't flip the pages as easily. I ordered a replacement before realizing that the book was cut this way on purpose (it isn't mentioned or photographed on the detail page)."
thats all there is to it a must read for anyone with a beating heart.
"One of the best novels ever.  A must read.  Review's can't do it justice.  Pick it up and start reading, the ending will knock your socks off."
The book is a little bit more yellow and worn than I would like.  This was not metion.
"* "" George Orwell's 1984 is a novel to set in a dystopian society. That is to say a society ruled by the few for the benefit of only themselves. The overwhelming majority of people in Orwell's Oceania work for the ruling caste in every sense. The masses of the citizens in this dystopia also live their lives under the control of the rulers. Even the reproduction of human beings is done in a controlled environment in a scientific manner.Orwell's Oceania is made up of the inner party (rulers), outer party (workers), and the Prols (isolated poor). Winston, the main character, is a member of the outer party in Orwell's dystopia. He works to maintain the society in which he lives while he despises it. Winston secretly wages a revolution in his mind until it can no longer be contained there. The problem is that in Oceania there is no place to rebel from or rebel to. Winston ends up falling into the hands of the state which attempts to fix him or cure him. Orwell leaves it up to the reader to decide whether the officials of Oceania have won and Winston has changed. -"
"I read this book back in high school, thinking ""Well, it's a classic.  One of those books I SHOULD read.""  I was right.  There are so many things I have not forgotten about this book, and given that it's been that long ago, it's amazing.I think that we all know how the story goes.  Government censorship, Big Brother is douple plus un good. No books or writing.  So on and so forth. Authoritarian, totalitarian, dictatorship.  Not sure what exactly the government would fall under; not a big government/history buff.This is one of those books I am truly happy to have read.  There's constant references to this in media, pop culture, etc.  It's just an important piece of literature. I think every single person who cares about their own intelligence should read this book.  You just HAVE TO! Nuff said."
"I've read excerpts here and there.  I saw the movie years ago.  But I never read the book until now; the book is a monster.  This is not a work of pure art or beauty, but it is a masterpiece of ideas and imagination.  It is deliberate and powerful and still totally relevant.  In a way it's a political treatise disguised as a novel, and it will have you nodding your head as you consider the state of the world today - perpetual war, sophisticated systems of propaganda, distorted news, doublespeak, the surveillance state... the list of parallels goes on and on.It is also a masterful novel, aside from the brilliance of Orwell's ideas.  When the telescreen ""surprised"" Winston and Julia, I almost fell out of my chair.Certainly not a fun read, it is grim and bleak and wretched.  I have to wonder what possessed Orwell to conceive such a hellish world.  But boy is it convincing.  Some of the violence seems almost gratuitous, as if he was taking some perverse pleasure in it.  But again it works so well."
"I've always heard about this book. In my English classes the Sci-Fi geeks would do nothing but rave about it. At work, the conspiracy theorists use it as a jumping off platform. And, for me, it was a good read. I loved many of the powerful descriptions; things like, ""...and they would sit around the table looking at one another with extinct eyes, like ghost fading at cock crow."" I do have to admit that I thought the book had its dull moments, and that other times I thought it was terrifyingly harsh. By the end, I found myself sort of lost in the things unsaid. And, finally, at the last sentence, I realized that the book that had taken me so long to read because of lack of time, was stunning. I finished in it the morning, and by that evening, I was reeling over Winston's bullet. This is a book that I intend to read again. I hope that I am able to devote myself to it next time. One more note to myself: Blair (Orwell) must have set out writing this story with the ending already set out in front of him. I don't think he could have just gotten there be happens-chance."
"I got this book, for a gift, wich was one of my best gifts ever given. The only isue, is that the cover of the book that i recived, wasn't the one I choose. So, that was the only thing I didn't like about it."
"Gods, where do I even start with this?As with To Kill a Mockingbird, I wanted to read this during Banned Books Week for two reasons. First, it's on the ALA's list of top banned or challenged books, and second because it's really, really good.As with all the books I read, there's always a little part of me thinking about what I'm going to say about the book once I finally decide to write about it. Sometimes I start composing in my mind, coming up with the pithy words and phrases that have made me into the international book reviewing superstar that I am.This time, however, I could barely concentrate for the cacophony in my head. There's just so much going on in this novel that doing it any sort of justice would probably require writing a book that was longer than the book that it was analyzing. And as much as I love you guys, I'm not about to write a whole book about this. Probably because I reckon better minds than mine already have.Regardless, it's hard  to choose where exactly to go on this one. There are so many political, sociological, psychological and philosophical threads to pick up here that no matter what I write about, I'm pretty sure I'll get responses about how I didn't mention the solipistic nature of Ingsoc and its relationship to the philosophy behind modern cable news network reporting strategies. Don't worry, guys - I got that one.I suppose two big things came to mind while I was reading it this time, and the first of them was inspired by the previous book I read, To Kill a Mockingbird. In that book, Atticus Finch talks a lot about bravery. To teach his son about what it truly means to be brave, he gets him to take part in an old woman's struggle to free herself of a morphine addiction before she dies - an excruciating process that is more likely to fail than to succeed. But she does it anyway. Atticus says to his son about bravery, ""It's when you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.""The question in my mind, then, was ""Is Winston Smith brave?""It's a hard question to answer, really. By Atticus' definition, you could say that he is. A member of the Outer Party that rules the superstate of Oceania, Winston Smith is a part of a greater machine. He works in the records department of the Ministry of Truth, diligently altering and ""rectifying"" the data of the past to bring it into alignment with what the Party wants to be true. His is a world where there is no such thing as objective truth - the truth is what the Party says it is.A good member of the Party sublimates his will to that of the Party. What Big Brother wants, she wants. She has no love but love for the Party and no dreams but to do what the Party wants of her. A good Party member doesn't have plans or hopes or dreams. He doesn't ask questions or idly wonder if things could be different from what they are. A good Party member doesn't think. He is born, lives, consumes, and dies.Winston, however, cannot be a good Party member. He wonders why the world is the way it is, and begins down a road to assert his own identity as a human being. He knows full well that he will fail, that in the end he and the woman he loves will be delivered into the hands of the Thought Police, and he is appropriately terrified. But he goes through with it anyway. He keeps a diary of his thoughts and actively tries to join an underground movement that is determined to overthrow the Party and Big Brother. He declares himself willing to undertake acts of heinous treason, all in the name of resistance against the Party.And in the end, he fails, just as he knew he would. So does this make Winston, a man who is so far in character from Atticus Finch, a brave person? Well, yes and no.He does meet Atticus' definition of bravery - persisting in what you believe to be right, even in the knowledge that you will probably fail. Winston puts his own life on the line multiple times, committing Thoughtcrime of the highest order. But is he doing it for some higher ideal, or is he doing it for more selfish reasons? Flashbacks to his younger days suggest that Winston Smith was an unrepentantly selfish child, who was willing to disregard the dire straits of his own mother and baby sister in order to get what he wanted. Could we not say that the adult Winston does the same? That he is more interested in freedom for himself than for others? Is his rebellion against Big Brother political or personal? He claims that he wants to see the world changed and freedom brought to all people, but how far can we trust a mind that's been well-trained in Doublethink?This, of course, gets right back to the Big Question of why people do the right thing, when it might be so much easier and profitable to do otherwise. Atticus Finch could have let Tom Robinson swing, thus saving himself and his family a whole lot of trouble, just as Winston could have just given up and emulated his neighbor, Parsons, becoming as good a Party member as possible. Neither man could do that, though, because is was not in their nature to do so. It was impossible for Winston to continue to live the way the Party wanted to and, given time, he may have been able to reach beyond meeting his own personal needs and seen to the needs of his greater community.Unfortunately, we never get the chance to find out, as the Thought Police eventually get tired of watching him and take him in. To his credit, he does hold out to the last extreme before he betrays Julia in his heart, so perhaps he is brave after all.The other thing that came to mind while I read was the modern use of the word ""Orwellian,"" and how it falls vastly short of what is depicted in this book. It gets thrown about any time a city puts up a few CCTV cameras downtown, or a business decides to put surveillance cameras in their store. It comes up when we put RFID chips in passports and credit cards, or when we think about how much data Google can hold about us. The word brings to mind a sense of constant surveillance, never being able to move or act without some government or corporation knowing what we're doing.While the concept of the two-way telescreens in this book certainly are a logical extension of surveillance culture, to call a customer database or red light cameras ""Orwellian"" is like calling a Bronze-age chariot a Ferrari. It betrays an incredible lack of understanding of what exactly is going on in the world that Orwell has built. We may be watched by these people, but in comparison to the average citizen of Oceanea - prole or Party member - we are still remarkably free.There are still freedoms available to us that people like Winston never had, and couldn't understand even if they were offered. We can protest, we can voice our disagreements, we can channel our energies into whatever pursuit we choose, or not channel them at all. We have the freedom to decide who we want to be and how we want to live, at least within the limits of a well-ordered society. We do not live in daily terror that we might be abducted from our beds, our lives ended and our very existence erased from record and memory. Honestly, I think a few security cameras pale in comparison to the horror that is Oceanea and the world of Big Brother.There is so much more to talk about with this book. I find Newspeak fascinating, and its foundations both amazing and terrifying. The idea that a concept can only truly exist if there's a word for it brings to mind those ""untranslatable"" words you find in every language. For example, there's no equivalent to the English ""miss"" in Japanese, as in ""I miss my mother."" Does that mean that people in Japan are incapable of missing people? Of course not, but the underlying theory of Newspeak suggests otherwise. Once the party reduces the English language to a series of simple words with no nuance or subtlety of meaning, the idea goes, Thoughtcrime will be literally impossible. After all, how can one wish for freedom if the concept itself is impossible to articulate?Then there's the idea of the mutability of the past. The way the Party exerts its unbreakable control over the population is by virtue of the fact that they control all media - newspapers, radio, television, publishing of all sorts. If the Party wants to, say, claim that Big Brother invented the airplane, all they have to do is revise all relevant media to reflect their desired past, and then replace and destroy anything that disagrees with them. With no evidence that Big Brother didn't invent the airplane, all that's left is fallible human memory, and those who do think they remember the ""right"" version of the past will eventually die anyway. Whoever controls the present, the Party says, controls the future. And whoever controls the past controls the present. By remaking the past, the Party guarantees that they can never be gainsaid or proven to have erred in any way.Fortunately for us, Big Brother never had the internet to contend with. As anyone who's been online for a while knows, nothing on the internet ever goes away. Ever. The words of any leader or influential person are all there, in multiple copies, all of which can themselves be copied and distributed in mere seconds. While it is possible to fake a photograph, the awareness of that possibility, as well as the technology to suss out the fakes, are just as available to anyone who wants them. Even in cases where there are disputes about the past, or re-interpretations of past events, it is impossible for one version to systematically replace all others. While this sometimes results in competing versions of the past, the one with the most evidence tends to prevail.Continuing in that vein, the understanding that the Party controls all information about itself leads to a very interesting question that's not addressed in the book - is anything that is not directly witnessed by Winston Smith true? We are led to believe, for example, that there are three world powers - Oceanea, Eastasia and Eurasia - which are locked in a state of perpetual war. The nature of this war and how it serves the interests of these three nations is laid out in Goldstein's Book, which is the text of the Revolution that Winston and Julia want to join. But here's the thing - Goldstein's Book is an admitted fiction, written by the Party as a kind of honeypot to bring suspects through the last stages of their Thoughtcrime. So we have no proof that the world of Nineteen Eighty-four actually is laid out the way it appears.The Party could in fact dominate the world, using the pretext of war to keep the world's citizens terrified, needy and compliant. On the other extreme, Oceanea could just be Britain, turned in on itself like some super-accelerated North Korea, its borders sealed and its citizens kept in utter ignorance of the world outside. We don't know. We have no way of knowing, and neither do any of the characters in the book. Even the Inner Party members might not know the truth of their world, and wouldn't care if they did.One more thing, and I'll keep this one short - Doublethink. The ability to hold two contradictory ideas in your mind, believing in both of them simultaneously and yet being unaware that there's any conflict at all. Knowing, for example, that last week chocolate rations were at thirty grams, and at the same time knowing that this week they had been raised to twenty. All I can say here is to look at the current health care debate in the United States. Here's a fun game: see how often someone says, ""We have the best health care in the world,"" and then see how long it takes before they tell us that health care in the United States is irrevocably broken. Your average politician and pundit does this kind of thing all the time and, in accordance with the basic principles of Doublethink (also known as Reality Control), they immediately forget that they had done it.This game is much easier if you watch Glenn Beck for half an hour.There is just so much to be gleaned from this book. Probably the most important is this - the world depicted in Nineteen Eighty-four is certainly not an impossible one, but it is unlikely. The people of that world allowed the Party to take over for them in a time of crisis, and in that sense this book is a warning to us all. It is a warning to keep the power that we have, and to resist the temptation to let a government decide who we should be.-------------------------------------------""I understand HOW: I do not understand WHY.- Winston Smith, Nineteen Eighty-four-------------------------------------------"
"1984, is a book every high school student should read--it is compelling and truthful about what can happen when the government is not kept in check by its citizens. Another novel, which is newer, yet fascinating, The Gateway by Castleberry, should also be read--not just by highschool students, but by anyone who appreciates our history and wants to go back in time and visit their great-grandparents.  Castleberry's, The Gateway, has received only the Highest ratings and reviews on Amazon.com for its realistic blend of physics, rural American history in the late 1800's  and its extremely haunting message at the end of the book."
I got this for my husband for Christmas. I don't even know it was his favorite book.  I was excited to know that after 25 years.
"What else can be said? Read the book again with fresh eyes while you see eerie parallels in today's political landscape. Fox news,Sarah Palin,Bill O Reilly,Texas Board of Education,Discovering Institute,George Bush,Ann Coulter,Tea Party,conspiracy theorist,Fox news. Did I say Fox news?"
"This is a timeless book that seems more true with each passing year. Despite being written by Orwell in the 40s, this classic novel is still relevant. Instead of the Ministry of Information, we have the TSA and other government authorities telling us things we know not to be true. Orwell was a prophet when it came to predicting how governments would try to keep control of information. Fortunately for us, there is no ""memory hole"" down which inconvenient facts can disappear - we have the Internet and the free flow of information. As Orwell wrote in his book, the story of our age is one of government against the individual. 1984 is a great cautionary tale and a prescient warning to all who love liberty, to be on guard against tyranny."
"The best reviews here have already covered it.  It's a great quality book for the price, easily readable, and of course it's an amazing story you don't want to miss.Get this book, read it, love it, then buy a more expensive model of it for the bookshelf.And remember, Big Brother is watching!!! This could easily all happen to us!"
"Bottom-Line: I implore all freedom loving people to read ""1984""; it is depressing, but then again so is life in general for the most part.First published in 1950, ""1984"" is a chilling, depressing, and yes, heartbreaking look into the future existence of mankind.  It is a world that is at once dark, bleak, joyless, loveless and utterly without hope.  Human's are as humans have always been, divided into three classes, only in George Orwell's there is no hope of movement between the three; they are static, fixed, inexorably and utterly.Religion has been banished (not an altogether bad idea), but so too has intellectual, personal, and political freedoms; mankind has been reduced to a soulless conglomeration of empty husks who do as their told, and believe whatever they are told by Big Brother, the party.  Human intellectual, social, and cultural progress in any real sense has ceased for good or ill.  Music, science, art, literature, is no longer the province of self, the Party owns it all.In the world of ""1984"", the world has only three nations, Oceania (North America, South America, Great Britain, and Southern Africa); Eurasia (Russian, Europe and Northern Africa); and Eastasia (China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, India, etc).  These nations are perpetually at war with one another, but, the aim is the neither gain, nor lose ground to the other; the aim is be at war so that the masses never expect too much, nor have reason the question the supremacy of the Party.The Party controls all and is embodied in the persona of Big Brother, who is literally always watching or listening, via telescreens and microphones in people apartments, places of work & play.  The Thought Police are never far from view.  Privacy is a thing of the past, personal pleasure and leisure are frown upon, sex is a dirty joyless affair tolerated only for procreation (now doesn't that sound familiar), and the Party has three over-riding slogans the masses are controlled with; War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, and Ignorance is Strength.  The Party has four principle ministries it uses to maintain control of the people; The Ministry of Truth, The Ministry of Love, The Ministry of Plenty, and The Ministry of Peace all of which are represented by four white monolithic building built in the heart of London where this tale unfolds.Most of the book centers on the life, and brief love of Winston Smith, an outer Party member, who live a life of quite misery.  He hates the Party and wants to rebel, but he knows Big Brother is watching, and listening, so he is forced to rebel only in his mind.  But little by little, step-by-step, Winston finds way to rebel, buying a diary in which he records his thoughts, and eventually he has a forbidden love affair with a fellow party member.  This leads to other flirtations and a search for the illusive Brotherhood avowed enemies of the Party.Personal Thoughts""1984"" is an intricately woven tale of a world gone completely mad by today's standards, a world where none of use could conceive of living in, and yet there are shades of ""1984"" type behavior by our government darkening Republic's freedom loving horizon.  After reading just a few pages of 1984, you will come away with a frightening realization; the loose of our freedoms, both intellectual and personal will not happen over night, but it will come about gradually; there will be subtle changes in the landscape, a dimming of the constitutional light that warm all of us.  Already, we are at perpetual war with an enemy who can not be found, but who pops up every once in a while to taunt us, to assure us that the danger is real, just as Goldstein does in the world of ""1984"".Our government, is engaged in doublespeak, bending the lies until they become the truth everyone (well at least half of the American electorate) will accept without question.  This is evidenced by the fact that almost half of the America public believed (or still believe) Saddam Hussain had a hand to play in 9/11 even after the 9/11 Commission and other reports stated categorically that he did not.  But Bush ties him to it right after the event, using doublespeak to mold the America mind.  Already for far too many Americans Ignorance is Strength; witness the last Presidential election, the continued debate over Gay rights, school prayer, and abortion.Politicians now seem to speak in nothing but platitudes (doublespeak) that are released like confetti at a Party Convention until the truth is swept away like so much recycling only to be reborn as a sound bite tomorrow.  One Party insists that it has the lock on family values, but fails to support the family in any meaningful way, but it doesn't seem to matter to those that support the Party.  And yet they, along with the rest of us are being hurt by the slow strangulation of the America family.  Disheartening to say the least.  And shades of Newspeak are already inserting themselves into the political lexicon; the Estate Tax becomes the Death Tax, a woman's right to choose, becomes right to life, and the fundamental rights of Gays becomes a Defense of Marriage.George Orwell was amazingly insightful way back in 1950 to have written a book so relevant some 55 year later.  The end of the book gives a rather lengthy explain of Newspeak, and the Afterword compares Orwell's work with other seminal novels that touch on the same theme: Aldos Huxley's Brave New World (next on my reading list), and Russian Zamyatin's We; it is fascinating and intellectually stimulating reading.I implore all freedom loving people to read ""1984""; it is depressing, but then again so is life in general for the most part.  Not living Winston's life should in the very least give one a renewed appreciation for our own."
"This is another must-read dystopia. I don't recommend it for children, however. It is quite frightening for anyone with an imagination. Avoid the Ministry of Love whatever you do! This book warns against the manipulation of people through twisting meaning truth=deception; love=destruction. Evil remains evil no matter what it is called, but evil is most dangerous when re-named."
"I tend to like books with more action than the way this book was written. I also feel like I had a hard time grasping the full meaning intended by the author. Having said that, take my impression and opinion with a grain of salt.This book was more of an expression of feeling, than a good story. The idea of the government watching everybody all the time is fascinating to me albeit ridiculous. He seemed to express hoplessness toward mans future, and extreme cynicism about the reasons for war. He was clearly a socialist.  I wonder what George Orwell would have said about the way England, or Israel deal with terrorists in 2010?OK I'm off my soapbox now... I would recommend this book to anybody who is interested in conspiracies, just for the fact that it is a classic."
"Nineteen Eighty-Four is one of those books which you feel you must read at some point in your life, and after sitting on my shelf for a long time I finally decided it was time to pick it up.It is 1984 and in the state of Oceania, Winston Smith is struggling with the oppression of Big Brother. Everything is under the watchful eye of the party and with most things being banned, everyone must be very careful of what they do and even more so what they think. Winston is trying hard to hang on to his memories of when life was different, but nowadays he is starting to doubt if things were ever better or if everything was in his imagination. He does not agree with what the party is doing and has always had rebellious thoughts, but it is only when he decides to pursue a relationship with Julia that their actions bring him under the spotlight.I had great expectations for this book but I was somewhat disappointed to find that it was not what I always thought Nineteen Eighty-Four would be. The beginning was good and it had me hooked for a while, until it started to dwindle and even got a little tedious at times. I liked the premise however the characters seemed weak and most of them not very interesting. My biggest complaint about this book though has to be the entire excerpt from ""The Book"", this was too long and it quickly got boring, I would have preferred if there were shorter highlights or even just a brief description of the concept. If this book is meant to instill the fear of Big Brother in the reader, it didn't do that at all for me and that is probably why I was disappointed, I was expecting it to be more thought provoking in the way that Animal Farm was. I am still glad that I read Nineteen Eighty-Four and perhaps this would have been more valid in the time it was written, I am just a little let down that it wasn't the great book I was hoping for.I must say that I loved Animal Farm by the same author much more. When I finished Animal Farm I had to stop and think for a while and it was scary how true it felt. I expected to have the same reaction to Nineteen Eighty-Four but in the end it wasn't quite the same."
"Nothing needs to be said about 1984 as a story - it's an excellent read.However, the publisher should be ashamed of the ""Kindle edition"" of this great novel.  Page numbers (which mean nothing on a Kindle) frequently show up in the middle of sentences.  It seems that the publisher scanned the paper text, ran it through some OCR software, and published the work without a human reviewing it for quality."
It's a classic for a reason.  Too bad nobody really ever learns from this book or we'd not be electing the leeches we do.
"Read it in high school enjoyed it then, and with all the unrest in society today, bought it for my collection, it's scary how close it is to actually occuring."
"When you finish reading 1984, you don't know what to do with yourself for the next couple of hours. The themes of the novel are so thought provoking and powerful that it leaves you stupefied. However, the book is more than just a philosophical message. One of the reasons that Orwell's message is so powerful is because the characters are rich and the plot (forbidden love in a loveless world) is captivating. Not only  did Orwell have some incredibly penetrating ideas, but he knew how to express them in a very well written story. 5 out of 5!"
"1984 is a dystopia novel written by George Orwell, pseudonym of Englishman Eric Blair, that opens up with the narrative ruminations of a man named Winston Smith. Winston Smith is just another face. Not particularly good looking or smart, Smith is meant to portray an average dissatisfied Englishman (or Oceanian according to the book) in Britain circa 1984. Circa 1984, because Smith is not certain of the date (probably right within a year or two) and, though it is never clearly stated, it is inferred that this is also the work of the nefarious ""Party"" which contrives to bring all under the power of its thumb. Early on Blair endeavors to paint a picture of doom-and-gloom and a not a little despair. a world where ""hope"" seems to be all but stamped out. Though overtly about communism, there can be inferences drawn to politics in general with such things as ""doublespeak"", which is the ability to believe two opposing things about the same subject (or even word) at the exact same time. For example, ""duckspeak"" (to quack like a duck), when applied to an opponent, is a derisive insult. However, the exact same word, when applied to an ally, is also a compliment. Blair does an excellent job of painting a picture of a future so bleak, while still being possible, as to send a shiver down the spine of any freethinking intellectual. Definitely a must-read."
"Depressing stuff and quite emotional, considering that I have experienced some of this dismal world for 18 years (xUSSR). On the other hand it is very much up-to-date. People are getting brainwashed today. Yesterday, absolutely everybody believed in Global Warming and if you didn't you were an enemy. Then in a blink of an eye Global Warming mutated into Climate Change. Again, everybody believes in it. They don't understand it, but they believe in it. They don't question it. They no longer have an ability/brain power to do it. They blindly believe/trust someone who allegedly knows more. Some who have retained the ability to question are the enemies. How many scientist who dared to voice their disbelieve in Global Warming were booed down by their colleagues and had to quit?It is but one example.That's life, isn't it?"
"Although the book (1984 by George Orwell) arrived in good condition as described, the book cover was not as pictured.  This book has an updated cover which was shown on the website; the book we thought we were purchasing.  Although the text reads the same, the print type is smaller therefore the page numbers are different between the two books. We purchased this book for classroom use thus making it difficult to follow when the instructor refers to certain passages because the page numbers are not the same."
"I see 1984 not only as the classic book people read for its metaphoric view of politics and history, but as a great novel as well. Its a highly entertaining book that makes you think and wonder, excellently written from beggining to end.If you have not read it, consider its among the best novels ever written, and one great page turner too.HIGHLY RECOMENDED"
"""1984"" by George Orwell is a great novel about what happens when a government becomes consumed with power. The story takes place in London in 1984 which was in the future when the book was written. London is part of a country called Oceania. The main character is called Winston.Oceania is continually at war with either Eurasia or East Asia. Once Oceania makes peace with one of those countries and goes to was with another it pretends in its government propaganda that it was always at war or at peace with whatever country it is at war or peace with.The majority of the population in Oceania are Proles who are like a peasantry. The elite people are only allowed to have sexual relations for the specific purpose of producing children but the Proles are freely allowed sexual relations.The citizens are kept under almost constant watch by camera-like screens. Writing in a diary is not allowed.This novel depicts a future where there are almost no human rights granted citizens. There is no privacy. Anything people do is known by the government. In our modern world so far this hasn't happened in the country U.S. where I live. Due to knew technologies which could give the government a greater ability to watch its citizens there is a danger of it happening so this book serves as a good warning."
"The numerous references to this novel in pop culture make this a must read. In addition, the discussion in the afterword by Erich fromme was well informed added to the presence of this novel. I definitely recommend it."
I'm really glad I saw this book in my ma's house and decided to grab it for a vacation. It was a great summer read and it kept me intrigued the whole time.
"This book is ""about totalitarianism"" and ""about socialism"" in the same way that ""Star Wars"" is about combat spaceships or ""The Matrix"" is about computer technology.  If you read the book it becomes quite clear that the totalitarian regime depicted bears no resemblance whatsoever to socialism (it's the opposite, a totalitarian oligarchy), so when people say this book is a warning against socialism they are revealing their own practice of doublethink and so the warning of this book becomes even more important.  ""1984"" is about the ways in which the human mind can become silently (and forcibly) stolen from an individual, and therefore from the masses, through manipulation of media, perception of scarcity, scapegoat-targetted engagement of strong emotions, and anti-intellectualism, among other things.  All of these influences exist in our Western world, not merely in Stalin's Russia or National Socialist (Nazi) Germany of the past.  The afterword by Erich Fromm should also be required reading.  I wish I could find this edition (with that afterword) in hardcover form."
"If you read Nineteen Eighty-Four trying to see where the author or right or wrong about the future, it will be disappointing -- as most books of this kind are. Obviously, the book was written in a whole different political context. However, if you go past all that you'll see that the book is really about the human nature -- our way of keeping all this contrary to our interests under surveillance, then control, and perhaps our tendency to eliminate them. I liked the book very much."
"It started off a bit slow as it laid the ground work but as it dived into the flashbacks and relationships of sorts it had me glued to the screen as I wanted to find out what happened next. You can clearly see a tortured soul in Winston as he tries to make sense of it all.The language of ""Newspeak"" can throw a person a bit but thankfully there is also a glossary to help you get through it. Overall this was an outstanding book that I would suggest to anyone they must read."
"A confession from this reviewer: 1984 was first read in the early 1960s as a high school junior. Too young to really catch on. The readers of this review can be assured, though, that 1984 got just re-read before recommending now.This personal sequence turned out to be a good and lucky order of things. Reading 1984 as an older teen served as a good ""memory bookmark"" for the work about how wildly different was the storyline, especially having been written in the late 1940s. Reading it again much later let the whole ugliness of the theme sink in. Thus the realization grew during the years from awe (""cool""?), through bleak horror, to appreciation of the comprehensiveness of its scientific terror or at least the understanding thereof.The ""naughty"" parts of 1984 - the reader will be on his/her own finding these - are few and rather tame by today's averages. The truly overwhelming and blunt description of the terror-managed society-continent of Oceania (along with its equal counterparts, Eurasia and Eastasia) creates a fascination which is hard to stop reading about. Part II describes how Oceania (and the other two) came about in the 50s and 60s and its development, told ingeniously through a ""smuggled"" anti-Oceania revolutionary handbook. The reader will not be able to put the book down here, nor fall asleep during its reading as did Julia, the main girlfriend in the book. Part III takes the reader through the imprisonment and interrogation of Winston Smith, the main character and victim. Further description here will only serve to ruin the story. The reader will almost certainly be infuriated at various places! Yes, the very recent - 1st half 2010 - unfortunate remark by a US government executive about a ""boot on the neck"" of a certain oil company will find the phrase said much earlier by Winston Smith's interrogator, ""... imagine a boot stamping on a human face, forever."" In the paperback version, page 267.The reader will find little problem coming up with possible flaws with the functioning of Oceania. Some events and outcomes may not look likely. These do not matter. The governing ""inner party,"" a sharply-defined and merit-selected upper 2% of society, formed the most illiberal government imaginable, with the future destined to become more repressive even as the resistance becomes weaker, and stretching out forever. Further, this inner party had to believe in the party philosophy more rabidly, more thoroughly than the other 98% in order to remain in power. You will finish the book and ponder!"
"George Orwell's accurate analysis of socialism gone tyrannical enables the reader to see more clearly the events taking place on the evening news.  As government takes more responsibility and more authority over the decisions for its citizens that they once made themselves, the populace loses a small bit of freedom.  Over time, as a socialist government takes more and more and more control over the people's lives, it becomes increasingly tyrannical, in which ""Power is not a means, but an end.....The goal of Power is Power.""How successful can a citizen be in opposing such a govenment when it trains children to be members of The Spies and turn thei parents in for activities and words contrary to the will of the government?  How can a people continue the entrepreneurial system of economicds that made it great, when all efforts to do so are punished severely, when all the histories depicting that former glory are rewritten to make them appear oppressive, when the minor losses in productivity of production and monetary decline are reported as gains and more reason to maintain the status quo of the tyrannical leaders who wish only to control people and have power.One can not but marvel at how the evening news parallels the events of 1984 to a level that is alarming and frightening.  The USA is moving more and more toward socialism and farthr away from the lassez faire capitalism that built its wealth and prominance in the world.  Profit is declared evil;  capitalism is declared abusive and oppressive;  individual choices are subverted to the will of the government which has ""the best interests of the people"" in mind.  Citizens absorb the slow strangulation of progressive socialism without realizing or rebelling to the idea that their breath of freedom is being slowly squeezed from them.This book is an eye opener as much today as it was in 1949 when it was first published.  This is a must read and should be taught in our schools in social studies, economics, or English classes.  As the book states, ""Who controls the past controls the future.  Who controls the present controls the pastr."
"Only thing I disliked about the book was the fact that I had to tape the cover, as it was falling apart."
"Cannot say that I enjoyed reading this book, because I did not approve of a lot of the things the author included. However, I did find some of the main points interesting to create a story. But definitely not the type of good book to read, nor would I recommend it."
This is such a great book! I ordered it on cassette so that I could listen to it on a long road trip and the product arrived right on time in great condition.
"George Orwell in his essay ""Politics and the English Language"" makes explicit his belief that language and thought are intricately intertwined, and in his masterpiece ""1984"" he makes this even more explicit.The protagonist Winston Smith is almost 40 years old in the year 1984, making him as old as George Orwell's adopted son who was born in 1944.  Under the Ingsoc (English socialism) system, Smith is an Outer Party cadre, but what he really is as a writer.  He is neither a Alexander Solzhenitsyn nor a Noam Chomsky because there simply is no tolerance for any dissent whatsoever.  He is trapped not physically but mentally, and every second of his life is like torture to him.  As a writer he, like Orwell, believes that language permits thought which permits the self.  What Ingsoc enforces is the negation of language (Newspeak) and the negation of thought (doublethink) which equals the negation of self.Newspeak is the reduction of language ino meaningless absurdity, and thus Newspeak is the ultimate bureaucratic language -- it eliminates all the nuances and subtleties of the language, making it only functional.  Newspeak is the ultimate straitjacket for a writer.Doublethink is a mode of thinking that accepts contradictions, holding two opposing ideas to be both true.  Doublethink negates logic, and thus higher order mental processing.  More nefariously, it creates servility in most men, and duplicity in some:  most individuals cannot comprehend two competing ideas at once, and thus doublethink negates them into no-think; those geniuses who are capable of holding contradictions in their head automatically become deceptive and manipulative -- in holding two competing truths the person becomes the only truth.In ""1984"" there are two individuals capable of doublethink:  Winston Smith and the book's antagonist O'Brien.  Smith refuses to submit to doublethink, and instead seeks the freedom to pursue truth.  He writes in a diary, a blatant crime, and he addresses his writings to O'Brien, who Smith correctly suspects can understand him.  They are doppelgangers of each other, and their difference is in their attitude towards doublethink.  If Smith is doublethink's greatest critic, then O'Brien is doublethink's greatest practitioner.  If Smith cannot stand to live another day under Ingsoc, O'Brien is in fact Ingsoc, Big Brother, and the Party, for he alone is the truth.  If O'Brien wishes to be Big Brother's greatest enemy he is the truth, and if he wishes to be Big Brother himself he is still the truth.Ingsoc is a system of slow banal torture, whereby individuals must voluntarily (under the threat of torture) surrender their selves to Big Brother.  They are not permitted to write, to think, and above all to be intimate:  the greatest act of rebellion by Winston Smith and Julia was to make love and to love each other.  It is not enough for Big Brother to demand your obedience -- he must also control your thoughts and your memories.O'Brien is clearly a psychopath, and Smith is his plaything; O'Brien does not fear and hate Smith -- he is just contemptuous.  For seven years, O'Brien had been watching Smith (""Big Brother is watching you""), and when Smith carelessly and faithfully went to O'Brien with his subversive thoughts then O'Brien's only thought could be:  he's always known.  Smith orchestrated his own sacrifice, but it was not a martyrdom:  it was in fact just an escape from his life.  If a writer cannot write, then that is a fate worse than death."
"1984 is a book I first read in the 8th grade for my English class. I liked it then, and I love it today.1984 is a book you have probably heard of, even if only in passing. And if you haven't heard of the book itself, you have definitely heard some of the concepts that appear in this book. Big Brother, thought crime, doublethink, newspeak. All these came from this book and have entered into the modern lexicon.The best part about this novel is that it provides us with a look at a very real and possible dystopian world. As we follow Winston through the society in which he lives, we get to see what happens when a government is allowed to rule society, and the picture is anything but gumdrops and smiles. One of the elements of this that always sticks with me is the way in which the government goes about controlling the people. Done through technology and the mystique of omnipresence, Big Brother controls his peoples' lives and the people are unaware that they are just rats in a maze.Of course, the primary reason I would recommend reading this book is because it forces you to take a closer look at the world around you. In this novel, George Orwell seems to have predicted some of the technologies we have today, and also seemed to foresee how society would use them. Seeing the world he described, and then seeing the world we live causes there reader of this book to take a step back and look at what's going on in the world today."
I am really satisfied with my purchase. Everything went great. I`ll recommend it to others.
This is a wonderful book that describes a dramatically dark world ruled by Big Brother. Orwell uses vivid imagery to show you an exaggerated world where government has been given too much power. Orwell warns the reader of what government could become without the balance of power. A brilliantly written piece of literature that everyone should read at least once.
"1984 is an amazing book that everyone should read.Now, as for the physical book itself, I was very pleased to see the high production value of it. The integrated silk book mark, the creme colored paper, and the strength of the books' spine as I laid it out to be read over and over again.I could definitely invest some more money in this company and plan on buying more books to add to my collection in years to come."
"In terms of exploring the human condition in the modern era, this is the great novel of the twentieth century.  I first read this book in 1968, when 1984 seemed far in the future.  Now it's 26 years in the past. The totalitarian regime of the Soviet Union which so much concerned Orwell is also long gone.  But the novel lives on for good reason.Orwell's book will be read for centuries -- when the totalitarian regimes of the 20th Century are as distant in the past as the 30 Years War is from us -- because Orwell is concerned about the nature of reality and the nature of power. Reality, after all, is a construct.  We must strive to superimpose some narrative on the events and data swirling around us.  This requires the use of language and the use of a context.  Therefore, if one controls language and one controls the historical record that gives everything a context, one can control and manipulate everyone's reality. One can, in short, achieve absolute power.In the future dystopia imagined by Orwell the state controls language and constantly rewrites the past.  Words are systmatically eliminated from the English language so that there are no longer any shades of gray.  Absolute control over information is achieved so that however ridiculous the latest message from the party, it must be believed -- and if it is not believed, one begins to question one's own sanity.Much of debate surrounding this book centers around whether the precise dystopia predicted by Orwell will ever actually occur, thereby missing the point.  Given the information revolution, the shrinking of the world, and the fall of the Soviet Union, we are less concerned today about the threat of a totalitarian regime than we are by resource limitations.  The dystopia we now imagine concerns a constant state of war over shrinking resources complicated by the ability of small fringe groups to use terror as an effective weapon against highly centralized and complex modern structures.But Orwell's vision is more fundamental.  Given the profound ability to manipulate and control the individual, what is to prevent humanity from ultimately degenerating over the next millenia into systems resembling the ant heap?  For Orwell, the individual's duty is to be constantly vigilant about manipulations of language, ideas, and history that occur in every society so that we don't take any steps toward the world of the ant heap.This is an absolutely brilliant book, written with great passion in 1948 by a dying man concerned about the human condition.  It is one of the few books that everyone must read."
"I am a history teacher and always recommend this novel to my class when we embark on the 20th Century single party states IB paper. Orwell lived during the era of the great dictatorships of the 20th Century and was acutely aware of the brainwashing techniques such regimes used to control their populations. The concepts are clearly and horrifically articulated so they rattle the brain - ideas such as Thoughtcrime, the scrutiny of our innermost mental processes, and newspeak - the rewriting of the language to prevent any freedom of expression.Yet, more than this, Big Brother can also be read as a piece of English pastoral - scenes where Winston Smith conducts his love affair with Julia in the countryside, and his dreams and memories of the 'rabbit bitten pasture' evoke a lament for a pastoral Britain in danger of being submerged by out of town shopping centres and motorway culture. George Orwell, changing his name from Eric Blair to encompass both England's patron saint and one of its main rivers, was a true patriot in the best sense. His writing holds moral clarity towards the best of British freedom, and encourages us to think for ourselves as to how to carve out our own independence.No, we are not currently living in a dictatorial regime, and whatever the shortcomings of the present parliamentary system it would be intellectually lazy and insulting to those who are living under such regimes to claim that we are. but Orwell's novel alerts us to the preciousness of the human mind, and its vulnerability to systemic outside forces that destabilise us. Which makes 1984 compelling literature."
"Even though George Orwell was a socialist he chronicled totalitarian socialism in this book and he like most socialists did not realize that is exactly where all socialism ends up and is where we are all headed.He coined things like big brother is watching you, newspeak, thoughtcrime and doublethink...and thoroughly goes over what a socialist society does to language to limit thought, and the ability to discuss any idea in order to stop treats to its self or even simple changes much less a full revolution.Have you noticed all the cameras the government (Big brother) is putting up all over the last 10 to 15 years?"
"So how have I made it this far in life without reading this book?  After finally taking the opportunity to finish it, I wonder how I made it through high school and through a Political Science degree without having read Nineteen Eighty-Four.I chose to purchase this book on audio and loved the narration.  I felt as if I could feel Winston's thoughts as he made a journey to question the life that he was living and question ""the party.""  This book reaffirmed my love for the freedoms that I enjoy in so many different ways - the freedom to love, to travel, to have a family and friends, to ask questions, to write and acknowledge my feelings, to READ!  This world that Orwell created, and described in such realistic detail, was a nightmare and was in such contradiction to the democratic freedoms that I know.I think that what struck me the most was the love affair that Winston shared with Julia.  That it was forbidden was horrible, but the lengths that they had to go to be together and to hide their relationship was astounding. Winston risked everything to trust Julia, and he did so with full force, with everything that he had.The optimist in me hoped for an overthrow of this world that was described in Nineteen Eighty-Four.  I wanted the characters to experience the world  that I live in, because the alternative that was presented was so unspeakable.  This novel was amazing for its ability to make me appreciate what I have, to describe something so very opposite to what I know.I hope that everyone has an opportunity to read it and is able to appreciate their reality just a little more, because they have received a little glimpse of Orwell's alternative."
bought this book after i heard about references to it. this book makes sense now seeing the way our country is going. it starts somewhere....
"1984 was a good book to read. The interesting part of the book was the interworkings of the government with Big Brother and the five minute hate that they include themselves in. Also I liked the characters of Winston and Juila. Both of their stories were amazing and there seceret life together. The bad part of the book is that it got complicated sometimes with the back story of the government. With Goldsteins book on his view of government, it gets to the point where you get bored. Also the characters of O'Brian and Big Brother get annoying. Sometimes I just wanted them to disappear. Overall the book was good but it also had moments of greatness that could hold my attention and keep me riveted. However, parts of the book lacked that spark that kept me coming back for more."
"To me it is somewhat surprising how few people think this is a book about perception and how that perception can be circumvented and subverted by the use of semantics. This should be obvious since Orwell actually takes the trouble to stop the book in mid-stride and lecture the reader about things like ""doublethink"". Jane Austen's ""Pride and Prejudice"" is also a book about perception, so much so that one of the Penguin Paperback editions has an entire introduction devoted to this idea. This is why Austen's book is still so timely and why ""1984"" is more timely than ever.The liberal left in America has had it's ability to reason literally overwhelmed in some instances by it's own political agenda. If Orwell could have I'm sure he would have coined the phrase, ""political correctness"". Political correctness blinds a person to any solution that does not fit in with their world view and so America has become a very troubled place indeed; in America, rape by one group can be the result of 'generational rage' and by another a predatory crime. Crime itself becomes politicized according to skin color. Words like 'colonialism', and 'imperialism' have had to be redefined by the Left in order to portray America in the light they wish. On the Left, it is taken for granted that all cultures are equal, separated only by opportunity and not by an inherent brilliance or lack of it; the benefits of  multiculturalism, as a result, are taken for granted and not to be even questioned and America's immigration policy reflects this tenet.The political Left in America in the 21st century has taken on the delusional aspects of the Right in the 1960,s, seeing what it wishes to see and deriding all else with an airy, moral wave of the hand. Obsessed with race, the Left projects its own obsession with skin color onto millions of white Americans it doesn't even know.The Left in America projects it's own oppressive and smothering presence onto the country as a whole in the name of political freedom while absolving America's criminal oppressors of guilt; it is the 'system' that is guilty and the 'real' criminal. Criminals become heros, and lack of achievement celebrated in patronizing asides while success itself is deemed immoral without regard to the intent of the opposite side of that success. Thus failure attains morality in an Orwellian way that is most troubling. The left assigns morality wholesale in stereotypes that consign a banker to spiritual bankruptcy and a college student the opposite in a bigoted default system totally unaware of it's own racism and lack of perception of reality.The political Left in America is caught in the very perceptual trap that Orwell warned about; that trap is insidious and blinds one to it's very walls.Lack of achievement in America on the part of certain groups in relegated to a concept of a generational hangover while achievement is deemed a result of privilege; in the eyes of the Left, both groups are in fact exactly equal in terms of competence.In America, the Left would have you believe that everyone is exactly equal, the ""dictatorship of the proletariat"" as it were in not a class struggle but an evening out of class, based on the 'coulda, woulda, shoulda' view that there must be a reason why some groups achieve and others do not aside from their own endemic value system or lack of it. In this scenario success itself achieves a type of tainted corruption while lack of success is to be excused, examined, mitigated and measured in every possible way but what counts and that is as Orwellian as it gets.""Big Brother"" isn't watching everyone, just those it deems watchable by skin color, success and and entirely de-contextualized cultural history every bit as subversive as Winston's job."
"When I first picked up 1984, by Eric Arthur Blair (George Orwell), I thought it was going to be a boring book that would be hard to understand. I was completely wrong, 1984 kept me on the edge of my seat always wanting to read one more page. There was action, rebellion, politics, torture, and love all thrown into one amazing novel.Winston Smith, a man in his late thirties, lives in dark grimy London (London is now a part of the state Air Strip One; which is now a small section of Oceania) in the year of 1984. He experiences an extreme dislike for his government of Oceania with its leader Big Brother. Oceania's governmental beliefs is considered Insoc which rivals the two other countries of the ""new world"", Eurasia and Eastasia. Winston believes he is the only one in all of Oceania who feels that the government is corrupt and ludacris until he meets Julia.At first, Winston thought Julia was a member of the thought police and was trying to spy on him and uncover his hidden beliefs. Evidently, the two start to interact with each other and Winston finds out Julia is not a spy but another person who shares his hatred for Big Brother. Winston and Julia start to talk politically more and more until they finally decide to join the ""brotherhood"" and try and start a revolution.Will the revolution happen? Will Winston and Julia be caught and vaporized? These questions will be answered when you read this thrilling and prophetic book that George Orwell believed the world would be like just decades after the release of 1984."
I read this years ago in college and today it is more topical than ever. Should be read by every american.
"I read 1984 for summer reading and enjoyed it greatly.  It's a book that makes you think, and makes you excited TO think about everything going on.  I was actually eager to write an essay and discuss the book once school started.  There's so much to this book.It's a book where, at the end, there are more questions than solutions.  Your head is left spinning.  And yet, it couldn't have believably ended in any other way.  It's frightening and intriguing.This book is great for conspiracy theorists, and anyone who likes great, thought-provoking literature."
"Love the book, very appropriate for the time we live in. It arrived in the condition described."
"Quick and short review:Book was very well written; the story flows smoothly, not very many names to remember, with an ending that you would probably not expect.A word of advice: Do not read the ""preface"" of the book, as the author of the preface writes specifically about what happens in the book. How foolish.Also, the book entitled Animal Farm by George Orwell is very similar to this book, so when reading Animal Farm it felt like I was reading 1984 again. My 2 cents."
"I never got to read this book in high school like a lot of people, so now at the age of 34, I've opened it for the first time. Having just finished it, I can honestly say that in my opinion this is one of the most well written, engaging, and thought-provoking books I've ever had the pleasure to sit down with. The book had me hooked from the very beginning and never let go. It's so masterfully done and the creation of the Newspeak language just tells the tale of how much thought and effort went into this work. No short-cuts were taken in this time-honored tale. I was mesmerized for days after completing it and it is definitely a book I will read again and again.I can't recommend this brilliant work highly enough. I just can't believe I waited this long to read it. Thank you so very much, Mr. Blair."
"Once you start reading the book, you find yourself in the hands of Goerge Orwell, When he wants you to be depressed and tired, you feel tired and depressed. When he wants you to feel happy, you can't obey. This book itself is a good example of a Totalitarian regime. It absolutely controls you until the last page."
"George Orwell's 1984 is considered a prototypical dystopian novel by many literature critics.  In 1984, Orwell captures the very feeling of helplessness of being trapped within a world where war is peace, freedom is slavery, and ignorance is strength.  Winston Smith lives a worse life in this world than everyone around him.  With Winston, Orwell shows that real torture is not being brainwashed, but knowing that you are brainwashed.  Some may say that the world in 1984 is not realistic.  Actually, this model dystopia is an example of a perfectly established communistic world.  Every side of this book is possible, which allows us to wonder if George Orwell's intention of this book was something more than simply a classic word of dystopian literature.  Perhaps, the year before he died, Orwell saw that a communistic world was not safely far off, and a warning should be shown to the public.  The importance of this novel may have been the reason that Orwell isolated himself on an island in Jura, Scotland, when sensing his impending death of tuberculosis.To aid him in this warning, Orwell found all the imperfect things in the world, made them worse, and added them to the life of Winston Smith.  But it seems like Orwell did not have a typical idea as to what the worst things in life are.  Such things as famine and lack of clothing do play a part in 1984, but Orwell seems to emphasize that the real means of torture are more mental.  One of the main subjects of 1984 is the Party being able to alter the past to fit their means.  Because of this, Winston is tortured with having no proof of what may or may not have happened in the past.  Only once does he actually find some proof, and even that is taken away from him.  With these views as to what is truly an element of torture, Orwell captures the genre of dystopian literature.Overall, an excellent book, easily fit to be one of the model dystopian stories."
The book was in perfect condition. I will say I expected it to get to me sooner as it was shipped from Florida the same day I ordered it and it took over a week to get to me in Florida.
"I read this book because I always hear references to it.  References to ""Big Brother""-references to ""Newspeak"" etc... I wanted to know what it was all about.What a disturbing book!  Have you ever watched ""The Truman Show"" with Jim Carey?  I'm talking that kind of disturbing-only far FAR worse. It certainly lives up to it's reputation on that account.It's a great book, moves well and is very entertaining. This is another one where I finished more than half of it in one sitting.  (Quite an accomplishment for a dad with 2 small children)I feel adding anything else would be risking a spoiler.  So, get the book ... and be sure to finish it before ""Hate Week"", OK?  I'll know whether you do it or not...I'll be watching on the Telescreen, Comrade."
"What amazes me more than anything about this book is the author's ability, when he wrote the book back in the 1940s, to predict and describe the Obama administration.So if you want to learn how the Democratic Party has fallen from the ""Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country"" days of J.F.K to the present Obama administration which preaches to just sit on your fat bu*t, let others work, and then take their stuff--then read this book. It is uncanny.By the way, socialism doesn't work.  Remember the Soviet Union?  Remember East Germany?"
I bought this book for one of the boys for a class at school. He needed to read itand the library did not have it in at the time. I ordered it and it was not expensive and it came in in a timely manner for the deadline.Thank you so much for a good job and taking time for my opinion.Brenda Starkey
"Until last year I had never taken the time to read this book, even though I was familiar with many of the now iconic references (ie big brother, newspeak, groupthink etc.). Let me say that I was missing out. Whatever you may think of the realistic nature of the society he portrays etc. the reason I think this story is a true work of art is because you cannot remain the same after reading it. The narrative is so unpretentious yet so powerful; the description so concise and vivid--I had a complete picture of the entire story without Orwell having to describe every nook and cranny of his world. This book will reach out and grab you and not let you go. It will twist and grind you, make you care about the characters, fill you stomach with fear and paranoia, and give you a taste for what it is like to live in a totalitarian regime.The only thing which has come close to me is when I took part in a totalitarian regime simulation in high school. I was in a class entitled American Problems, where we took a look at...well...problems in American society. One of our activities was to have a taste of no democracy for a week and take part in a mock totalitarian regime. I will never forget this week. I was randomly chosen to be the third highest ranking official in class next to THE CHAIRMAN and her assistant. I was the high judge. I was a member of the party and could sentence people for breaking class rules. We all had to memorize 15 party articles and recited them every class, sing the party song, have meetings, elect new party members, wear our uniforms to class, solute each other in the halls (this was the funnest, other people were like WTF?). Violations of any of these things would bring severe punishments (not real of course, no lawsuits). Anyway, the pressure was incredible and I actually felt myself getting more paranoid. I tried to get the assistant to THE CHAIRMAN demoted but my two assistant judges voted against me and I got booted.I also successfully ran an underground paper that I posted around school every few days with the help of a friend. We made it look like we had many members in our ""resistance"" but it was just me, heh. Anyway...you get the point. Nothing compares to that week but this book.A true work of art not only invites you to take part but demands your attention, and will leave you a different person. 1984 is one of the finest novels ever written in this regard. I will never be the same after reading this masterpiece and I cannot recommend it enough."
"George Orwell wrote 1984 as a warning to the Western World against the terror of totalitarianism and loss of personal freedom.  Through personal observations of Spain, Italy, Germany and the former Soviet Union, Orwell saw how state control of the economy, and eventually fascist political regimes subjected their people to totalitarianism with political terror that included threats of physical and mental torture.Using a fictional story about Winston Smith and his lover Julia, Orwell spins a tail about government regulation gone awry, and compliance with government mandates brought about through threats of torture, imprisonment, and loss of social status. Orwell wraps into this story the intrigue of not knowing who to trust, whether that person is a high level inner party member (O'Brien), a shopkeeper (Charrington), a lower level party member (Parsons), or his children. Having served in the US Army, this book vividly reminded me of the former Soviet Union prior to the fall of the Berlin Wall.In addition, the Appendix explains ""Newspeak"" whereby the political elites change the meaning of words.  Newspeak reminds me greatly of modern day's ""political correctness"" campaigns, wherein ""truth"" can be manipulated or changed by whomever is in power.  This brilliantly written book uses a dark, frightening backdrop of a ""negative utopia,"" which reminds readers to cherish the freedoms that we currently enjoy, for the time may come when our freedoms cease to exist, if we do not remain vigilant.Dr. B Leland Baker, author of Tea Party Revival, The Conscience of a Conservative RebornTea Party Revival: The Conscience of a Conservative Reborn:  The Tea Party Revolt Against Unconstrained Spending and Growth of the Federal Government"
"I think I recall reading this in highschool, but of course, did not realize it's value at the time.  Upon reading it 20 years later, I was amazed! This was a very shocking book in that when it was written there was no way the author could have known what would have been invented or happening in our present time or in 1984. It reads like fiction, but we know it is reality. He sheds light on many events that are already in motion, even though government may not make it official to the public.  This book is a warning of just how terrible life could be if we continue to be blinded by what we are told by the media; how truth is distorted by the deliverer and their masters and how humans will ultimately destroy themselves for the sake of power if allowed to do so.  Of course history does repeat itself, I hope that will be proven incorrect."
"George Orwell created an interesting but slightly disturbing look at life in his idea of a future world in 1984. He does a brilliant job using symbolism and he really shows some of the flawed points of government and people. His purpose with this novel was to inform people to be aware of what is going on and try not to lost their brains as they follow the crowd. Another important point that he tries to get across is how too much power can corrupt people.George Orwell, whose real name was Eric Blair, was born in 1903 in a British colony of India. He was most well known in his time for being a journalist, but today he is remembered for his novels. Animal farm is one of his most famous novels along with 1984.Orwell has many good points and does a wonderful job in passing on those lessons throughout much of the book. That is untill the ending where many of these lessons are then blurred in a confusing, creative, and chilling cliffhanger. While for me the ending was a little disappointing, I can see how many others would enjoy it. I personally prefer endings that are more resolved.I think that the book tells an intriguing story that will keep the reader on their toes the entire time. On top of that, the characters are wonderfully written and easy to relate to. I found that the goals were well represented. Overall, I think that this is a classic story that is full of excitment, terror, and love. I would recommend it to anyone I know who is looking for a good book."
"It may be said that great books comment on their times, and on the human experience, but masterpieces actually shape history. We may look at George Orwell's 1984 in two ways: first, his description of the terror of totalitarianism, which his generation witnessed firsthand in the form of Nazi Germany and Stalinist Russia. Orwell does a masterful job of presenting such a world in its day-to-day reality, the unspoken weight of oppression found in police states, the everpresent fear that becomes natural after a while, the ease with which that fear eventually makes you just go along with it all.But history has also shown us that totalitarianism eventually burns itself out, that it cannot be sustained in the long run. This is scant reassurance for its millions of victims, true, but maybe a bit of hope for the rest of us. The second point about 1984, and the thing that makes it a masterpiece, is the way that it has shaped our culture today, not through its description of totalitarianism itself but the way it describes the very real methods used by governments and ideologies to control us. Terms like ""doublethink"" are now a part of our daily discourse, describing not the subjects of totalitarian states like North Korea but the modern, wealthy democracies that claim to be free. And this is the most chilling message of Orwell's novel: you don't need to be in a totalitarian regime to be controlled by clever propaganda. You don't need to have the police cameras in your home. You only need the fear of them, or the belief that war is peace or that torture is justice or that history is a thing that the powerful are entitled to rewrite for their own ends. Because self-censorship is every bit as complete as the regular kind, and is actually preferred by those who would control us, since it's far cheaper and easier than putting an actual gun to your head."
"1984 is one of those rare books that really affected me right down to my very core. I was actually a little shaken up after reading it. Going in I knew this wasn't going to be a happy story but I didn't realize the lasting impact it would have on me.1984 is a book about totalitarian control over a society. Big Brother is always watching. Always.This story follows Winston Smith. He works for the Ministry of Truth. The Ministry of Truth is hardly as truthful as the name implies. His job is to fabricate history and rewrite it. History has been rewritten so many times that nobody seems to know true history - Winston perpetuates these ""truths"" so that the party is always correct.In Oceana there are no real freedoms. You don't even have the freedom to think. Right from the beginning Winston shows signs of going against the party. He covertly writes in his journal, which is not allowed but at the same time he blends in, he does his job and he does his best to keep the spotlight off of him. Soon enough he meets a young energetic (and oblivious) girl named Julia who is also going behind the back of Big Brother.I'm not going to go much further into the story, this is something you just have to read yourself. This book hooked me right from the beginning and I charged through it in just 2 sittings (something a bit abnormal for me, I'm a little bit of a slow reader). I just couldn't put this book down.I'll try to leave the story be, but I do want to bring up one of the more disturbing aspects of this book - newspeak. Newspeak is a language (or dumbing down of the English language) that is being developed throughout the book and its the only language in the world where words are being stripped away from the lexicon, rather than added. The new language strips away the feeling of words, for example the phrase ""All men are equal"" doesn't make sense in newspeak because ""equal"" would only mean equal in size, not equal in freedoms. The greatly simplified language is being developed to dumb down society, to control thought.1984 hit me like a ton of bricks. I was actually quite emotionally drained after reading it. I'm typically not too much of a softy with these types of things but 1984 successfully made my eyes well up a bit and may be the only book that has done this to me. At times I almost wanted to tear this book apart, only because I didn't want it to even exist in my imagination - not because it's a bad book. Yes 1984 is frightening. Very frightening.I'm currently playing catch-up, trying to read all of the books I should have read in my younger days. If I ever read a better book I will update this review, until then I must say 1984 is the best book I have ever read."
"This is a book that I had first read as a young teen as a Freshman in High School. The main character is emotionally bonding. In the end, he is tortured into breaking his integrity to his true love. ""Do it to Gloria,"" the words still ring in my ears 30 years later. This is a disturbing book to the first degree."
"I bought this book for my friend who loves to read, but didn't know a good book to read, so I bought this for him. He loves it! Thanks for the book!"
"More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984"" a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control. Principally he has only transcribed from reality, because the dictatorships of terror existed already: Nazi-Germany, Sowjetunion, Mao-China, GDR, Northern Korea and others. A better description in literary form is not thinkable! That`s all old hat? Not at all!Orwell is about advising against mechanisms which lead to such slavery of people. And these mechanisms are still going, even with us. He wants that everybody develops a feeling in order to become able to stop such wrong developments. No wonder that this book was on the black list of many dictatorships. Why? A dog that is hit will bark! But we are all hit since in this time of a progressing media age the ideal presuppositions for the complete exertion of influence and control of people are given. In totalitarian regimes of today it is for example often practise to block websites, so that only certain information currents are available. Talking about opinion-forming. That is to say the advantages of linking ways of information in our days can be reversed at any time to a disadvantage. You believe what a majority says is right, because it is comfortable.When Orwell wrote 1984"" he thought of the Sowjetunion, but his observations of human psyche have universal validity. What he describes is the ideal type of a totalitarian dictatorship that comes automatically from the misleading human will of self-realization, being often enough wishful thinking that the paradise could be ordered on Earth, thanks to the human capability. This has nothing to do with prophecy when Orwell writes this. It is nothing than self-observation and self-realization of any reasonable human.In 1984"", similar to the Sowjetunion or the GDR or Cuba, there is a striking economy of scarcity which is being denied with the help of propaganda. Hence the ministry of economics is for Orwell the ""ministry of abundance"". This is a mark of totalitarian systems, that they misuse the language, twist everything, blackmail opponents and let them disappear when they get them. All for the alleged welfare of the community. Everybody understands the proper insanity but all surrender to the pressure and take part in the game. Reality sense is no longer needed, it dwindles ever more and the reversion to reason and to sustainable values is getting more and more difficult. ""Why do you accuse me of not having unlocked the door?"" is the question of the concentration-camp guard who stands in front of the court because the prisoners perished in the locked building. ""I have not had an order to open it!""At first one agrees with the lie until on is able to live under it by constant use. Who does not remember the propaganda of the Nazis about worthless lives and alike to praise man on one side  as superior masters and at the same time devalue man by racism. That is always the same, self-elevation leads to fall. So much for ideologies where after man himself determines what is good and bad. In so far Orwell draws not the last necessary conclusions, that man cannot find truth in himself. Hardly he seems to have found it, at once it is turning destructively against him as is apparent in his ""Animal farm"".Orwell says clearly in ""1984"" what is unjust. But, whence the individual freedom and self-determination of man should come when they cannot be given naturally, he is not able to say.It is lost somewhere in the fog of humanistic wisdom which are always under suspicion of being misused as helpers for something else. Already the Bible warned: ""woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who make out of darkness light and out of light darkness"". Well, but how to avoid the evil?It would be wrong to point at totalitarian systems and think that this could not happen to a democracy. Orwell knew about the fragility and sensibility of all man made power structures which have those above and those below. He knew that the so called free West could quickly slide into Totalitarianism. In Germany that happened very quickly. It is a deception tp assume that it would be different somewhere else. It was visible that a high culture could not withstand. And today? Sceptics discover also in our society the beginning of limitations of freedoms and of the misuse of information, even when this happens subtly. For example somebody who behaves like a Christian is in our days quickly branded as a fundamentalist or even thrown into the same pot with Islamists. Because of the relativism of today which regards as only truth that there is no binding truth it is ignored that exactly the Christians combine the notion of truth tightly to the notion of individual freedom, whereas this is not the case in Islam, because Islam has a political claim of power exertion.It is true that Orwell makes clear that the reversal of the values goes together with the reversal of the words. ""War and peace"" is exchangeable with ""just war"". Sand this process is starting in the small, with verbal persecution and it is ending in the worst case with Holocaust. At first you are eliminated in words and then with all consequences. Marxism-Leninism possessed the impunity to call itself scientific knowledge. We laugh about it. But what about today? We have an extended faith in science. Today even the former marxists know that they were wrong. We have seen it a hundred of times what happens when man takes himself as last measure. His self-redemption programs are sentenced to failure. One day it will also be put an end to the personal freedom. Orwells book should be a warning. ""1984"" is one of the few books which everybody should have read. And it holds its actuality."
"More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984"" a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control. Principally he has only transcribed from reality, because the dictatorships of terror existed already: Nazi-Germany, Sowjetunion, Mao-China, GDR, Northern Korea and others. A better description in literary form is not thinkable! That`s all old hat? Not at all!Orwell is about advising against mechanisms which lead to such slavery of people. And these mechanisms are still going, even with us. He wants that everybody develops a feeling in order to become able to stop such wrong developments. No wonder that this book was on the black list of many dictatorships. Why? A dog that is hit will bark! But we are all hit since in this time of a progressing media age the ideal presuppositions for the complete exertion of influence and control of people are given. In totalitarian regimes of today it is for example often practise to block websites, so that only certain information currents are available. Talking about opinion-forming. That is to say the advantages of linking ways of information in our days can be reversed at any time to a disadvantage. You believe what a majority says is right, because it is comfortable.When Orwell wrote 1984"" he thought of the Sowjetunion, but his observations of human psyche have universal validity. What he describes is the ideal type of a totalitarian dictatorship that comes automatically from the misleading human will of self-realization, being often enough wishful thinking that the paradise could be ordered on Earth, thanks to the human capability. This has nothing to do with prophecy when Orwell writes this. It is nothing than self-observation and self-realization of any reasonable human.In 1984"", similar to the Sowjetunion or the GDR or Cuba, there is a striking economy of scarcity which is being denied with the help of propaganda. Hence the ministry of economics is for Orwell the ""ministry of abundance"". This is a mark of totalitarian systems, that they misuse the language, twist everything, blackmail opponents and let them disappear when they get them. All for the alleged welfare of the community. Everybody understands the proper insanity but all surrender to the pressure and take part in the game. Reality sense is no longer needed, it dwindles ever more and the reversion to reason and to sustainable values is getting more and more difficult. ""Why do you accuse me of not having unlocked the door?"" is the question of the concentration-camp guard who stands in front of the court because the prisoners perished in the locked building. ""I have not had an order to open it!""At first one agrees with the lie until on is able to live under it by constant use. Who does not remember the propaganda of the Nazis about worthless lives and alike to praise man on one side  as superior masters and at the same time devalue man by racism. That is always the same, self-elevation leads to fall. So much for ideologies where after man himself determines what is good and bad. In so far Orwell draws not the last necessary conclusions, that man cannot find truth in himself. Hardly he seems to have found it, at once it is turning destructively against him as is apparent in his ""Animal farm"".Orwell says clearly in ""1984"" what is unjust. But, whence the individual freedom and self-determination of man should come when they cannot be given naturally, he is not able to say.It is lost somewhere in the fog of humanistic wisdom which are always under suspicion of being misused as helpers for something else. Already the Bible warned: ""woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who make out of darkness light and out of light darkness"". Well, but how to avoid the evil?It would be wrong to point at totalitarian systems and think that this could not happen to a democracy. Orwell knew about the fragility and sensibility of all man made power structures which have those above and those below. He knew that the so called free West could quickly slide into Totalitarianism. In Germany that happened very quickly. It is a deception tp assume that it would be different somewhere else. It was visible that a high culture could not withstand. And today? Sceptics discover also in our society the beginning of limitations of freedoms and of the misuse of information, even when this happens subtly. For example somebody who behaves like a Christian is in our days quickly branded as a fundamentalist or even thrown into the same pot with Islamists. Because of the relativism of today which regards as only truth that there is no binding truth it is ignored that exactly the Christians combine the notion of truth tightly to the notion of individual freedom, whereas this is not the case in Islam, because Islam has a political claim of power exertion.It is true that Orwell makes clear that the reversal of the values goes together with the reversal of the words. ""War and peace"" is exchangeable with ""just war"". Sand this process is starting in the small, with verbal persecution and it is ending in the worst case with Holocaust. At first you are eliminated in words and then with all consequences. Marxism-Leninism possessed the impunity to call itself scientific knowledge. We laugh about it. But what about today? We have an extended faith in science. Today even the former marxists know that they were wrong. We have seen it a hundred of times what happens when man takes himself as last measure. His self-redemption programs are sentenced to failure. One day it will also be put an end to the personal freedom. Orwells book should be a warning. ""1984"" is one of the few books which everybody should have read. And it holds its actuality."
"More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984"" a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control. Principally he has only transcribed from reality, because the dictatorships of terror existed already: Nazi-Germany, Sowjetunion, Mao-China, GDR, Northern Korea and others. A better description in literary form is not thinkable! That`s all old hat? Not at all!Orwell is about advising against mechanisms which lead to such slavery of people. And these mechanisms are still going, even with us. He wants that everybody develops a feeling in order to become able to stop such wrong developments. No wonder that this book was on the black list of many dictatorships. Why? A dog that is hit will bark! But we are all hit since in this time of a progressing media age the ideal presuppositions for the complete exertion of influence and control of people are given. In totalitarian regimes of today it is for example often practise to block websites, so that only certain information currents are available. Talking about opinion-forming. That is to say the advantages of linking ways of information in our days can be reversed at any time to a disadvantage. You believe what a majority says is right, because it is comfortable.When Orwell wrote 1984"" he thought of the Sowjetunion, but his observations of human psyche have universal validity. What he describes is the ideal type of a totalitarian dictatorship that comes automatically from the misleading human will of self-realization, being often enough wishful thinking that the paradise could be ordered on Earth, thanks to the human capability. This has nothing to do with prophecy when Orwell writes this. It is nothing than self-observation and self-realization of any reasonable human.In 1984"", similar to the Sowjetunion or the GDR or Cuba, there is a striking economy of scarcity which is being denied with the help of propaganda. Hence the ministry of economics is for Orwell the ""ministry of abundance"". This is a mark of totalitarian systems, that they misuse the language, twist everything, blackmail opponents and let them disappear when they get them. All for the alleged welfare of the community. Everybody understands the proper insanity but all surrender to the pressure and take part in the game. Reality sense is no longer needed, it dwindles ever more and the reversion to reason and to sustainable values is getting more and more difficult. ""Why do you accuse me of not having unlocked the door?"" is the question of the concentration-camp guard who stands in front of the court because the prisoners perished in the locked building. ""I have not had an order to open it!""At first one agrees with the lie until on is able to live under it by constant use. Who does not remember the propaganda of the Nazis about worthless lives and alike to praise man on one side  as superior masters and at the same time devalue man by racism. That is always the same, self-elevation leads to fall. So much for ideologies where after man himself determines what is good and bad. In so far Orwell draws not the last necessary conclusions, that man cannot find truth in himself. Hardly he seems to have found it, at once it is turning destructively against him as is apparent in his ""Animal farm"".Orwell says clearly in ""1984"" what is unjust. But, whence the individual freedom and self-determination of man should come when they cannot be given naturally, he is not able to say.It is lost somewhere in the fog of humanistic wisdom which are always under suspicion of being misused as helpers for something else. Already the Bible warned: ""woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who make out of darkness light and out of light darkness"". Well, but how to avoid the evil?It would be wrong to point at totalitarian systems and think that this could not happen to a democracy. Orwell knew about the fragility and sensibility of all man made power structures which have those above and those below. He knew that the so called free West could quickly slide into Totalitarianism. In Germany that happened very quickly. It is a deception tp assume that it would be different somewhere else. It was visible that a high culture could not withstand. And today? Sceptics discover also in our society the beginning of limitations of freedoms and of the misuse of information, even when this happens subtly. For example somebody who behaves like a Christian is in our days quickly branded as a fundamentalist or even thrown into the same pot with Islamists. Because of the relativism of today which regards as only truth that there is no binding truth it is ignored that exactly the Christians combine the notion of truth tightly to the notion of individual freedom, whereas this is not the case in Islam, because Islam has a political claim of power exertion.It is true that Orwell makes clear that the reversal of the values goes together with the reversal of the words. ""War and peace"" is exchangeable with ""just war"". Sand this process is starting in the small, with verbal persecution and it is ending in the worst case with Holocaust. At first you are eliminated in words and then with all consequences. Marxism-Leninism possessed the impunity to call itself scientific knowledge. We laugh about it. But what about today? We have an extended faith in science. Today even the former marxists know that they were wrong. We have seen it a hundred of times what happens when man takes himself as last measure. His self-redemption programs are sentenced to failure. One day it will also be put an end to the personal freedom. Orwells book should be a warning. ""1984"" is one of the few books which everybody should have read. And it holds its actuality."
"If you haven't read this book you have been influenced by it. Either by its prophetic themes or by the influential vocabulary itself this book has penetrated post-modern humanity. Beyond recommending it I would say it is part of a secular literature which represents human thought in the 20th century to present day.This is also the swan song literary gem of a great writer at his peak. He died shortly after finishing as he neglected his health in the fury of writing, feeling that, after some lesser literature, he was finally on to something. And so he was.This book has a unique style of prose, self-invented perhaps and represents a deep look, a chilling picture of our world. I have read that it may be considered part of a small collection of contemporary dystopian classics from the mid 20-th century. To me this one stands out alone."
"Everyone's heard of 1984, and yet I hadn't read it yet.  In fact I really had no intention of reading it until a friend bought me a copy and told me to read it.  So here I am today, not quite a fan, but impressed none the less.Right from the beginning I enjoyed how Orwell wrote.  Not necessarily the actual story, just how he writing flowed from one sentence to the next.  It was very concise and clear, fluidly moving from page to page.  You can immediately draw parallels to the ideas in 1984 to many countries throughout the world, which is amazing considering it was originally published in 1949.  This made the beginning third of the book at least bearable.  The concept was definitely mind opening to start with, but then Orwell didn't go into enough explanation and instead kept repeating the same sequence of events over and over again.  Big Brother watching, telescreen this, telescreen that.  This person won't make it, that one won't.  Change the history, rewrite events so on and so on.  We understood the world they lived in without actually knowing the why and the how.It wasn't until we get to The Book that 1984 begins to bloom and sprout into a lovely flower, or if Big Brother had a say it would be a weed.  As excerpts from The Book are read we finally get to see the how and the why, to understand how our world became what it was.  The constant struggle, if not physically than the mental head games, between the 3 all powerful superstate in Oceania, Eurasia and Eastaisa.  It all clicked in to place and shake your head at the clarity of it.  But after that it didn't quite follow through with the ending as torture and psychological head games are used to bludgeon a party member in to accepting Big Brother's way fo thinking, or ingsoc.Certainly on the depressive side this book is, but the ideas that it expresses are well worth the read.  Orwell conveys the message so clearly that you can't help but shake your head as you count off the countries that seem like they are today, 61 years later, falling into the governmental control over its citizens that is represented in 1984.  Although not the best book, 1984's ideas are important.  A tentative recommend so long as one knows why type of book they are getting in to.4 stars."
"1984 is one of those novels I have intended to read for years, and had never gotten around to. However, I finally managed to get to it, for better or for worse. Orwell's dystopian novel has left me feeling rather prosaic, and I'm not quite sure how to express my feelings regarding the text. In the simplest terms, I didn't like the novel; but I don't think I was supposed to. And I certainly don't regret taking the time to read it."
"This is a review of George Orwell's 1984.I had never gotten around to reading it before this. I found it to be great and truly profound.Big Brother is watching you! This is that book. One of the scariest I have ever read - not as in Dracula, but as in we have to make sure we don't slide into this and we may have started to.I saw a few parallels between my own experiences and what goes on in the book. That was more than a little upsetting.The whole thing about DOUBLETHINK was especially unsettling. People today do use this all the time - especially in the media. Not a good thing. Maybe if more people read this book, they would realize what they are doing and stop. I know I will be on the lookout so as to avoid being guilty of this myself.Though Orwell may not have thought about this when writing, he did seem to provide readers with a warning against politically correct speech going too far. Consider the issues with NEWSPEAK in the book and see what you think.There is a movie version with Richard Burton that is well done, but read the book first.If you haven't read 1984, then get hold of a copy and read it. If you have already read it, then read it again."
Am amazing glimpse into the future by Orwell.It is eerie how the world is evolving into what Orwell predicted.A must read for anybody interested in the evolution of a world fascist government.
"1984By George OrwellSignet Classics. $9.99(Ages 14 and up)Reviewed by:High School Freshman George Orwell is a gifted writer who has written many novels, several of them involving government and politics. In this creative and haunting book, he attempts to reach out to his readers to show them what the world might be if the use of technology and invasion of government without proper boundaries can be disastrous to humankind and society. George Orwell, pseudonym of Eric Blair, wrote many novels in his lifetime. Many of Mr. Orwell's novels will be read from generation to generation. This was thanks to his great creativity in his writing. One good example of his imagination and creativity is when he wrote one of his most famous novels, which used symbolism to recognize the government, politicians, and effects of the Russian Revolution, is the short but clever book, Animal Farm. Mr. Orwell  uses similar elements of government in 1984 to illustrate the evils of governments and what they can inflict on its people. Based on the great detail, originality, and the vivid depiction of Winston's struggle in 1984, I believe the Mr. Orwell has successfully portrayed a negative utopia. For example, in part three, chapter five, Winston, the main character, was placed into the torture chamber of Room 101. Here, he was tortured and beaten in order to clear his head of freedom and independence in order to replace it with the government ideas and propaganda. This chapter shows that there is fragile line between governmental control and supervision, and the dangers of mind control in an entire society. There are both weaknesses and strengths in this novel. One weakness is that George Orwell's explanation of societal views is complicated and difficult to understand without extensive knowledge of political ideologies. In order to fully comprehend what is going on and to understand the symbolism he is using, the reader must be knowledgeable in governmental studies.  Although these factors seem to detract from the book, there is one important strength that really makes this book fantastic.  This great strength is his use of symbolism and reference. There is more to the story than reader may initially think. I am sure if I reread this book ten or even twenty years from now, I will view this story in a different perspective."
"As a freshman in high school who recently finished the book 1984, I have opinions on the book that might be a little different than most others'. I had read another one of George Orwell's books, Animal Farm, and was pretty disappointed. I liked the idea of the story, but I found it hard to get through at times. Since my eighth grade English George Orwell's work, and recommended that I give 1984 a try, I decided to read that for my first choice as a high school reading assignment. I thought the book was very well written. I hadn't read many books with the same writing style that Orwell uses, which was a good change from what I usually read. Although his style was a good thing to try, I found reading it to be a very slow process. There is a lot of vocabulary that many kids and even adults don't know very well, which made it hard to understand the storyline at certain points. However, the paragraphs that follow usually helped me figure out what the author was trying to say or point out. Although the author did a very good job writing the book, I wasn't entirely pleased with the whole story.  I felt the story was very hard to understand at times, in addition to not understanding a decent amount of the words. George Orwell does a great job of keeping the reader guessing about future events, and leaving them astonished at the end, but all of those twists and turns can be confusing. I often had to reread a few events in the story before I fullyunderstood what was happening. Having to do this action several times throughout the book got a bit tiring after a while, and made me a little reluctant to move on in fear that I would have to do it again. Even though the book has its ups and downs, I am undoubtedly happy about my decision to read this book. The dark and suspenseful story of a man and a woman opposing everything they have been taught about life and trying not to be suspected by their cruel government, kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the whole thing. Although it was difficult reading at times, and I felt like just giving up on it, the desire for more action and suspense kept me going. This is a great book for anyone who loves to read about action and suspense, and is up for a challenge."
"George Orwell's ""1984"" is depressing. Very depressing. It is also a breathtakingly awesome work, and just as spellbinding some 60 years after it was first published. Despite the heavy subject matter, it's suprisingly easy to read. It is one of the truly essential classics of modern literature.Winston Smith, Orwell's protagonist, was probably the first ""conspiracy theorist."" He knows Big Brother and the system are wrong, but is powerless to fight alone. When he breaks the taboo against writing, and states in his forbidden journal, ""I know who, I know how, but I don't know why,"" he is speaking for generations of whistleblowers and conspiracy theorists to come.So many common expressions were derived from ""1984"": Big Brother, the Thought Police, newspeak, doublethink, pidgeon holed, thought crime, among others. To those on the extremes of both the left and right wings of the political spectrum, Orwell's bleak and miserable forecast of the future was all too accurate. Doublethink, for instance, is an essential feature of modern establishment thinking. Reagan's deadly missile is named the ""Peace Keeper."" Born again fundamentalists simultaneously hold that all non-born againers (including Jews) are doomed to Hell, but blindly support everything Israel does. Most polls suggest a large majority of people disbelieve the official version of the JFK assassination, but the same numbers are also against a new investigation. Maddening examples of doublethink are everywhere.If Orwell was alive today, he'd undoubtedly be on the outer fringes of political thought, alongside the ""nut jobs"" and ""tin foilers"" that the mainstream media and politicians love to disparage. He would probably be astounded at the continuing popularity of his nightmarish novel. He'd be even more baffled at how readers have consistently enjoyed it, recognized it for the brilliant work it is, and yet have appeared not to notice how similar to Oceania our present day society is."
"George Orwell's book 1984 is a great, symbolic book that makes you ponder the reality of a manipulated world.  This book tells a story through the horrific presence of the unknown dictator, Big Brother. I am a freshmen student and after reading this book I can honestly say a message has been received.  I now understand what a manipulated world would be like in the hands of a figure such as Big Brother.  1984 is a classic, fast read book that will have you surprised, shocked, and disgusted. The story is told through the life of a man named Winston Smith.  George Orwell's goal to make a negative utopia has been achieved.  As stated in a review, this book has become one of the most terrifying novels ever written. Big Brother exploits the citizens of London through television, speakers, guards, violence and power.  Through the terror and stress of every day life, Winston Smith, alone and misunderstood, seeks to find the good in life and the bad in Big Brother. This book moves at a great pace and has riveting scenes that make you shiver.  George Orwell depicts each character with such detail which adds to the tension and anxiety building up throughout the book.  This book cautions us against the gaining power of the media and of the government.  The only downside to 1984 is that much of Orwell's writing and references are hard for high school students to understand.  I do realize that many people will understand this novel and be able to interpret the detailed meaning but I am looking at this book from a high school perspective. 1984 is a great book that will leave you shocked and troubled.  I highly recommend this book as you will experience a thrilling story, but also benefit from its message.  This is a bestseller which deserves the honors it has and continues to receive from readers everywhere."
"Orwell was prescient. ""1984"" might not have happened totally by 1984, but it crept up on us over time. And it's still happening."
"I'm thirty years old and have just read this classic. I think had I read it in high school - when the majority of readers experience it - I would have been more impressed. But reading it now, I was repeatedly struck by the book as anti-Communist propaganda. I feel that Orwell's decision to portray nothing as positive in this society is a major fault of the book. I think that what makes a dystopian society believable is that there exists some aspect that is highly appealing (absolute physical safety seems to be the most common tool). In the absence of anything good in the society, the reader is left to doubt the ability of such a regime to come to and maintain power.Additionally, I found the depiction of the proles as short-sighted and completely incapable of revolution to be insulting. I felt that Orwell's conclusion is that revolution can only be instigated by the elite, yet historically this has not been so.In respect to Winston's relationship with Julia, I bring my own bias. I simply find it unbelievable that love cannot withstand the pressure of a totalitarian society. Thus I found Winston's betrayal of Julia to be an unrealistic turn of events.Ultimately, I think that Orwell's mission to demonize Communism on all levels led him to make many seriously compromised choices in the book."
"This is the first time I have read 1984.  I guess it never came to be that any of my high school or college classes made it a required reading.Obviously, there is nothing one can add today to the discussion of the central theme of the book that probably has not been discussed already.  However, I think it is a book that one needs to read and discuss today, and in the future, in terms of the parallels we find in Orwell's 1948 vision of 1984 and the world of today.  It's bothersome to realize how many connections you can find on a global or national scale and then again on a smaller, local day-to-day scale.  On the smaller, local scale I mean to include not just governmental but also office and even family.Orwell truly had an ability to identify and register the extremes that man is capable of obtaining.  Through looking at the extremes we are able to see the potential harm that slight breaks in treasured behaviors and freedoms can lead to.  Unapproved monitoring of the population, taking the face away from the enemy, the use of language to deny freedoms or manipulate facts and fear, torture for the sake of confession and re-education have all been headlines or points of discussions in the recent past and I am sure will be in the future.  After all, man is man.  Somehow Orwell captured a timeless and scary side of man in 1984.My one knock on the book is that somewhere in the second part of the book, I put it down and gave it a rest for some time.  Somewhere in the middle of Winston and Julia's sadly dark utopia, I moved onward to something else.  I did come back to it though and am glad I just didn't leave it unfinished.Anyway, enjoy the book.  It's a great read that has multiple connections real or imagined to our lives."
"Well written and still holds up today.  Read in high school, thought of it more as work.  I didn't truly appreciate the dark story line and dystopia feel.  Re-read recently, I took my time and truly enjoyed it. Great science fiction literature."
A classic piece of literature that remains as current as when it was first published.  Definitely worth reading and rereading.
"An amazing story that I wanted to read for a while now. Finally I bought it and I am glad I did. It raises questions and it paints a nightmarish picture of goverment control. While this stuff never happened verbatim, many goverment attempted and still attempt to control spoken and written word much more than it is reasonable. People still disappear (vaporize) without anybody knowing if they are alive or not (courtesy of local or far-away governments including so called ""democracies."")Anyway, the book is very interesting read. Saying more may spoil it for a future reader. I am not sure how the whole Julia situation fit into the story other that adding scarier depths."
If you read the book and look at our government you will be somewhat disturbed.
"1984 is a classic. any aducated man and woman in the western world should at least here about it. George Orwell was a major political writer in the 20th century, his novels read by millions.However, 1984 os not by any means a good read. Its plot is incredibly weak, shallow and unitresting- but its not a story we wanted to read, its an opinion we expacted to learn.and you will learn- Orwell leaves no way for you, the reader, not to understand his point. Its annoying. evreything, evrey single metaphore, or situation, or element of the book is epxplained throughly and lengthly. nothing is lrft for the reader to figure out by himself. at times, the didactive tones of the book make it feel more like an elborate sort of lecture than an actual novle. the way things work in the book is radical, the point of view incredibly one sided and narrow, the conclusions unsurprising. overall, while the book has potential, Orwell's insistance on using it as nothing more than a conduit to pass his ideas through makes it a tedious read. on top of evreything, what little story we get is full of plotholes and pushd my way over the cliffs of my suspense of disbelief."
"A quarter of a century late, I finally got around to reading '1984', mostly just to say I'd read it and satisfy my curiousity about whether it lives up to its reputation as 'one of the greatest novels ever'.At the risk of being 'redacted and eliminated', I have to say, 'No.'As a work of science fiction, it has all the ingredients for a good story-a 'lone voice in the wilderness' caught in a 'futuristic' dictatorship that seems equally believable and implausible(maybe another example of 'fudging the truth'?) Orwell's gradual, and muddled, revelations of how England became 'Airstrip One' would have made for a great 'alternate history' novel, if he had been that sort of author (as it was, Ray Bradbury covered some of the same ground from other directions in 'Farenheit 451'.) While some may think Winston 'useless', I found him, at times, a sympathetic character. The relatively small cast of characters, and the relentlessly 'gray area' they all occupied, kept me from really connecting to anyone.For me, '1984' let me down when Orwell subjected readers to his desire to write an article detailing the history of socialism, tailored to fit this story, and disguised as 'Emmanuel Goldstein's' infamous 'banned' text, 'The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism'. Having lured us in with the 'bait' of a fascinating premise in which we were told just enough of the background to keep us interested, Orwell then 'switches' to a dry, analytical narrative voice, as if from a  textbook excerpt, overwhelming chapter 9 of the novel with long, dull, stretches of several 'chapters' written a la Dr. Goldstein, and forcing me to 'skim' this exercise in egotism until Winston finally stops 'reading' and allows us to see more of the 'practice', and less of the 'theory'!As a cautionary tale of real life, I think the only 'caution' would be to anyone who unthinkingly labels any 'big government' as 'Big Brother', without having read this book for context.Four stars for science-fiction, two for literary merit; on average, not bad, but hardly deserving the 'best book EVER!', breathlessly gushing praise so many give it. However, I'm glad I read it, and saw for myself. I'm just not as taken with 'bleak and dystopian' literature as others may be.Make up your own minds...and be glad you can!"
"When I read this book in High School, 1984 was still in the future. I just re-read the book and it still packs the wallop now as it did then. Perhaps even more so since one can see parts of this book coming true.This was required reading back in the day, and I am glad it was. A series of ""Negative Utopias"" such as Animal Farm, Farenheit 451, Brave New World warned of the dangers of societies where personal freedoms are lost, the individual and free spirit are crushed.These warnings and themes are ingrained in our speech today, which is a good thing. 1984 speaks of a world always at war, citizens are under constant surveillence, history is changed on a daily basis. It is a sharp criticism of Communism, Fascism or any government that restricts personal freedoms.It can be a depressing read, since the environment is dark, oppressive, gloomy and the sad ending is foreshadowed by the characters. But it has to be dark, because a society so stripped from freedom  would be impoverished. Highly recommended for all High School students, for anyone who hasnt read this, and yes, for those who read it a long, long time ago."
"This is a wonderful, although depressing, book. I bought it for my granddaughter for Christmas because it was on her list. However, I did not pay attention to the rating as far as scolastic rating and it is far too simple for her. That is my only problem with the book. I do not recall if that was clearly explained in the ordering process. But that has nothing to do with the story which is amazing. It was much more alarming when I first read it in 1962, however, than it is now."
"Imagine a world where ""freedom is slavery,"" ""war is peace"" and ""ignorance is strength.""  The things we take for granted -- love and sexual relationships, a difference of opinion, private thoughts -- are taken away from you.  Your nation (or in this case, the ""Party"") is your whole reason for being.  You owe everything to it, including your life and every thought, and no other aspect of your life matters.  In every corner of the city, telescreens (video cameras?) watch and dictate your every move, and the ""Thought Police"" are on the lookout for signs of traitorous thoughts.  Once captured, traitors are erased from humankind as if they had never existed in the first place.  The past doesn't exist, and no traces of history remain.  Sex, wine, coffee and other pleasures are not allowed unless it benefits the Inner Party in some way.  The world consists of three areas: Ocenia, Eruasia and Eastasia.  Countries have lost their individualism and history.  They are just a map in the globe.  A new universal language in which the meaning of one's words are clear and devoid of deceit is being created...That is the world Winston Smith lives in.  And that is the world George Orwell (real name is Eric Blair) envisioned back in 1948 (the last two digits diverted, very clever), two years before his death.  1984 is a futuristic novel with a political message. Orwell predicted that humans would become robots, a shell of their former selves, brought on by communism.  The word ""communism"" is not used in the novel at all -- or at least I don't remember it being used --  and Russia is seldom mentioned, but it is clear that this is what the author alludes to.  Orwell was an opponent of Russian communism at the time, and used his protestations to create fiction.  Some describe this book as ""prophetic,"" and might even go as far as to say that some of the book's prophesies have come true, especially in the last couple of years.  I know one thing though: Orwell's views were light years ahead of his time, and it is as impressive as it is frightening.  As for the book itself, at first, it seemed boring to me.  It just showcases the every day life of an average Joe with opposing feelings for the Party.  He is paranoid about making wrong moves in front of the telescreens and other Party members, yet is helpless to resist his traitorous thoughts, going as far as writing them down on a personal diary.  The first part also showcases what the Party consists of and the changes that London has gone through since the ""Revolution.""  Things get interesting when Winston meets Julia and begins an affair that could get them both into serious trouble.  The third part is the most riveting -- and the spookiest.  It is a thing of true nightmares.  I can go into detail, but I don't want to ruin it for those who haven't read it yet.  One thing I would say is that one of the novel's themes is centered on how human beings cannot be completely controlled, that their refusal to yield helps them survive even the most unfathomable torture.  O'Brien and the Inner Party might have taken Winston's freedom, but they would never able to overtake his soul.  But did they take his soul?  Read the last sentence in the book.  It shook me to the core.  The language is dark and gloomy throughout the novel, and the ending is creepy in its subtlety.  I could give out numerous examples about how real life events and political manipulation (the whole War Against Iraq, and the fact that easy access to one's credit, criminal, medical and employment history does make one feel that Big Brother IS watching us) that mirror Orwell's ""negative utopia,"" but others have done so already, and better than I would have done.  All I know is that I love this book and will reread it again and again.  I'll look into reading Animal Farm and other Orwell books in the future."
"A book about stopping oppression, tyranny, totalitarianism, and censorship gets dubbed into a simple censored version. An insult to the original book. People might say that this makes it more accessible to more people, but it doesn't. It doesn't because unless they read the full book they won't understand the real meaning, they'll understand some person at penguin readers opinion."
"I find it very intimidating to review a well-known classic. I think since there is so much information on both the book and the author that I will just touch on a few of the concepts pervasive in the novel and, considering this is one of the daddies of dystopia, how the novel's presence has impacted literature as a whole.Big Brother is the ever-present leader of the party, staring at the citizens of Oceania wherever they go with the aide of telescreens. Winston, an employee of the Ministry, isn't really sure if Big Brother actually exists or if he's really even an actual entity. The point Orwell is making here is that the party is always watching and has complete control over its citizens' bodies and minds. As party members go higher up in the ranks, vagueness ensues until one realizes that no one really knows who is ruling the country.One of the most disturbing examples of the Party's mind control, and there are many, is illustrated in the description of Winston's job. His role within the party as propaganda officer is to alter official government publications in order for them to fit with the Party's official version of how events really went down. The Thought Police are constantly vigilant, searching out dissenters of the Party. They monitor citizens to the point where having a dissenting thought against the party is against the law and punishable.Inevitably, Winston becomes one of these disillusioned dissenters,and he is arrested and tortured for it. During his interrogation, his captors explain to him that he will be re-integrated, or brainwashed, back into the Party.The influence of Orwell's 1984 is indeed extensive; how many times have you heard someone describe something as ""Orwellian""? Anthony Burgess wrote 1985, which was intended to be a sequel to Orwell's original work. In more recent work, Cory Doctorow's Little Brother directly references 1984's Big Brother, and Doctorow's main character, Marcus Yellow, is a direct reference to Winston Smith.I recognize this book's extreme importance in the field of dystopian literature, and I found parts of it to be truly terrifying. However, parts of the novel, especially the segment in which Winston read entire chapters of the underground opposition party's manual, moved very slowly and were very dry. I'm glad I've read it but will probably not revisit it."
"Winston Smith vaguely remembers what the world was like before. Before the revolution, before the Thought Police, before Big Brother. But he can't remember if it was better.I wanted to read this book because its a classic. No bookshelf is complete without it. What I was surprised to find is that I really liked it. Sure, I knew I would like it. It's a classic for a reason but I really enjoyed it. I thought it would be hard to get through and reading it would take a lot of effort on my part. I was wrong.I'm not going to get into the plot very much. It's one of those books you just have to read. It's a story about the horror of human nature. The horror of man's obsession with power. This book was written in 1949. I can understand what an impact it must have had then. With Hitler and WWII still fresh in everyone's minds. Even in the 50's it might have seemed possible that something like this could happen. In today's day and age its not even feasible but it makes you thankful for the world we live in and the privileges we take for granted.I highly recommend 1984 if you haven't read it already. Like I said no shelf is complete without it."
"I really enjoyed the story, however, the Akasha printing is horrible. Throughout the entire book there are extra spaces between words and sometimes dashes where there shouldn't be any.  For example, I just picked up the book to a random page and the following sentence reads: ""But at this moment there was a din of shouting and a zoom of heavy vehicles from some- where to the left.""  After ""some"" there is a dash and space before ""where"", but the word does not occur at the end of a line or at the margin.  Also, each paragraph is separated by an extra space. Overall, this printing is way too distracting for a comfortable read and I was compelled to purchase a different version. I recommend the 60th Anniversary Edition by Plume which is a far superior professional presentation.  My girlfried tried to suffer the Akasha version after me, but ultimately had to set it aside because of the distractions (she also enjoyed and finished with the Plume print).  The Akasha version currenly shows out of stock and hopefully Amazon keeps it that way.  Stay away if it comes back."
Still a most perceptive and amazing book. I first read this in about 1959 as part of ENGLISH 101 requirement.  It moved me then and continues to worry me even more now with the advent of CCTV cameras and rising militancy everywhere.
"If you haven't read this superb novel you should, if you already have, you should read it again. There is much prescience in this book and in many ways it's more poignant today, than it was when it's first edition was immediately censored upon publication in 1949. Orwell writes with nourishing intensity rarely ever seen in other writers and his sentences are pregnant with meaning and depth. Orwell creates a believable dystopian world with pervasive micro video cameras and giant flat screen tv's that reminds us of the post 9-11 world we live in today, where there is little privacy and extensive spying on the citizenry by the government."
"Along with Animal Farm, 1984 is probably George Orwell's best known work (although his essays deserve a wide readership and in my view represent some of his best writing) and, both being satires of totalitarianism, said much about the state of the world and intellectual climate of the 1940's.  If the testimony of readers subject to totalitarian regimes (in particular Eastern European communist regimes) is any guide, 1984 does a superlative job of illustrating the mental atmosphere of daily life in such a state.  Perhaps a far greater insight, however, is Orwell's description of an Inner Party that is obsessed by enforcing orthodoxy in not only word and deed, but thought - to the extent that the individuals' ability for critical, independent thought (even if never openly expressed) is extinguished.  Not only is this the tendency of most modern-day despotism (whether theological, ideological or an even less sophisticated ethnic/racial nationalism), but the tendency to declare unpalatable opinions 'thoughtcrime' is one that even those of us with more benign worldviews must be on guard against.In itself, the story of '1984' isn't particularly remarkable, but the oppressive atmosphere it creates together with the warning it provides for modern day readers who may occasionally fail to recognise just how important freedom of thought really is makes it absolutely invaluable in understanding the history and politics of the last hundred years.  Recommended in the strongest possible terms."
"1984 is a haunting political satire about Big Brother's relentless assault on privacy, individuality and freedom.One can only hope 1984 is more brilliant story than cautionary tale because parallels seem so easily drawn with our warrantless searches, ubiquitous cameras, invasive software, workplace surveillance and legislation that erodes the rights of citizens in the name of fighting terrorism.Yet it is the relationship that develops between Winston, a cautious but hopeful thinking man, and Julia, a young seemingly committed Party member, that adds incredible humanity to otherwise empty, cheerless lives in Oceania.  Theirs is a relationship that surprisingly springs amid bleakness and desolation, flowers against all odds, and ultimately wilts under betrayal.Readers will discover that Orwell's objectives are both thoroughly and terrifyingly achieved with a perfectly dystopian ending."
"""Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four.""Under Big Brother's omniscient eyes, Winston Smith tried to ignite his only freedom, the freedom to believe in ""obvious"" truths, but by the novel's end, at the café Winston was unsure what two plus two would make, a sign that O'Brien had successfully reintegrated a ""lost soul"" and Winston had become like his friends and neighbors, unable to question and thus unable to revolt. What sends shivers down our spines is not the various tortures O'Brien performed, but after these tortures, Winston's total capitulationmind, body, and soulto Big Brother. When the mind kowtows to external authority and ceases to reflect and question, then the individual had successfully metamorphosed into a machine.Winston, by editing previous documents to conform to Oceana's present position, such as whether Eurasia is friend or foe, had helped the regime's guardians, who like O'Brien believed ""who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past,"" mold the citizens' minds. But Oceana, like other totalitarian regimes, also turned to the indispensable tool, fear, to chisel its citizens' minds and hearts to its agenda's shape and form. To stimulate fear and rouse its citizens to a common cause, it would when necessary create fathom enemies, either Eurasia or Eastasia, even though these totalitarian regimes also had similar ideologies, or rather, like Oceana, no ideologies.Under 1984's dystopian sky, Winston must bow, not only because of Big Brother's overwhelming power and presence, but also because of Winston's inability to form any ideologies. Even though he wanted to think freely, he lacked the training and thus the analytical mind to counter O'Brien's offenses. In the end, his mind followed the path of least resistance.Orwell's 1984 is a dark apocalypse of sub-human society where homo-sapiens had replaced machines to operate an efficient hierarchy, an apocalypse which any people would usher wherever and whenever they ceased to question ""intuitively obvious truths."""
"""Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four.""Under Big Brother's omniscient eyes, Winston Smith tried to ignite his only freedom, the freedom to believe in ""obvious"" truths, but by the novel's end, at the café Winston was unsure what two plus two would make, a sign that O'Brien had successfully reintegrated a ""lost soul"" and Winston had become like his friends and neighbors, unable to question and thus unable to revolt. What sends shivers down our spines is not the various tortures O'Brien performed, but after these tortures, Winston's total capitulationmind, body, and soulto Big Brother. When the mind kowtows to external authority and ceases to reflect and question, then the individual had successfully metamorphosed into a machine.Winston, by editing previous documents to conform to Oceana's present position, such as whether Eurasia is friend or foe, had helped the regime's guardians, who like O'Brien believed ""who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past,"" mold the citizens' minds. But Oceana, like other totalitarian regimes, also turned to the indispensable tool, fear, to chisel its citizens' minds and hearts to its agenda's shape and form. To stimulate fear and rouse its citizens to a common cause, it would when necessary create fathom enemies, either Eurasia or Eastasia, even though these totalitarian regimes also had similar ideologies, or rather, like Oceana, no ideologies.Under 1984's dystopian sky, Winston must bow, not only because of Big Brother's overwhelming power and presence, but also because of Winston's inability to form any ideologies. Even though he wanted to think freely, he lacked the training and thus the analytical mind to counter O'Brien's offenses. In the end, his mind followed the path of least resistance.Orwell's 1984 is a dark apocalypse of sub-human society where homo-sapiens had replaced machines to operate an efficient hierarchy, an apocalypse which any people would usher wherever and whenever they ceased to question ""intuitively obvious truths."""
"I never had to read 1984 in school.  It was always referred to by teachers, but references were never enough to make my realize what the book was exactly about.  The idea in my mind had been that the book was about an ideal look at the future of the world (America?) in 1984 (the book being written in the 1940's).Well, the idea wasn't exactly wrong, but it wasn't nearly the happy and bright world of the future I was expecting (lamely I was thinking Jetson's... go figure).So with a Kindle in hand, I decided I'd take it upon myself to explore many of the classics I never had to read as a student in school or even those I dismissed in the way the typical student with a narrow view of the world might.To start at the end of it all, the book was good.  It was much better than I expected.  Of course the idealized view of the world presented isn't the ideal we all want.  It's a utopian world that is to the extreme of being dystopian because the requirements to idealize everything requires a type of world control that isn't as far fetched as it may seem.I don't want to go into many details except to say that the book is disturbing yet enlightening.  If you have any awareness of the world around you, especially the world of the early 21st century, you'll see that many of the ideals aren't so far-fetched with our current world governments.  Many of the catch phrases such as Big-Brother come from this book, and it becomes very clear what these ideas refer to.  Of course the world isn't nearly so extreme, and I do think Orwell was exaggerating a viewpoint of what the world can be like. But in presenting the concepts in this manner, Orwell was hopefully making us aware of the slippery slope we may (now do) find ourselves in with respect to the perfect society.How close we are to what Orwell presented will depend on the reader.  I can see parallels with our US government of the last 10 years, but then again I realize that to be as close as suggested would be quite pessimistic.  Regardless of how close we may be, any reader should keep and open mind and awareness of what they learn from this book.  This isn't the happy world I expected, and ultimately I found it a bit of a depressing world to think of.Yet, in the end this one book makes me really understand the importance of this book as a classic.  This book does has its entertainment value, but its influence on the way we think and the awareness that comes out of the book is one that can't be dismissed.  It's not a difficult read, and the more people that read it and become aware of it, the better off we'll all be, and the less likely the society ruling this fictional world will ever become real if we are in fact headed that way.  And if we aren't head that way, be entertained by it."
"It's still 1984 today.  Look around you, friends.  You go to the doctor and instead of receiving the kind of care that is best for you, you receive the care that the doctor's peers have agreed on will be least likely to get them sued.  Even though the care is substandard and may even be quite harmful, your welfare is not as important as their standard of care.  This same kind of thinking is seen everywhere.  Big brother is indeed watching you."
This is also a very good read for the liberty minded showing the oppression that can be wrought by a government unchecked.
"Overall, the book was pretty good.  It got a little slow when the main character was reading the rebel's book (went on and on about Big Brother's ""why"").  Either way, it is worth reading once."
"Why do we continue to read ""1984""? It's a gloomy story, with long segments of political and social theory. The characters show few really heroic or admirable qualities; love is replaced by sex, sex is replaced by duty. Good does not triumph over evil and there is no happy ending. You close the book instead with a sense of futility and hopelessness.Why do we continue to read ""1984""? Because it serves as a warning - a reminder that we must resist when the state squelches conscience and replaces it with authority. A reminder of just how much good there is in the world, and what it means to think and to be human - and how empty the world would be if it all disappeared. And it's a warning that there is a point of no return, after which it is too late to look for change.Let's keep reading ""1984"". Once it loses its entertainment value because it seems too much like real life, it will already be too late."
"This is the gold standard dystopian novel which all others are wan and pale by comparison with, and it is so clear and brilliant that it makes the mind reel at its inventions and delivery. If it were discovered a few thousand years from now the reader would still get the sense that at best, civilization was teetering on the edge of annihilation at the hands of its own institutions. There is a timelessness and immediacy in the prose which defies description. Every character in this book is suffering in ways that strip him or her of all the joys that can be shared between people. Only a genius in immense pain is capable of producing a work of this caliber; this is the culmination of a life that was, in the writing of this book, essentially sacrificed. When some people die young we think they left great works undone, but if someone makes something like this, it's something we should all be thankful for and leave it at that; no one having done a thing like this can have died in vain. Of the few that can make a book like this in the first place, only one of them has. This is a treasure of the most vital importance and I say this without hesitation or fear of contradiction, one of the greatest books ever written."
"Ok, just where to begin. First this digital download version is a joke. Someone did not format correctly. Each line is either double or triple spaced, even if you change font. Why stop there? Why not put a word per page?I would like to return the digital download, but can not find a phone number to speak with someone. Or a mechanism to return it.1984 is a good read. Content is good, presentation, not so much."
Absolutely scary outlook on the ramifications of allowing government to creep incrementally into our lives--eventually consuming and controlling every one of our actions. Not possible? Perhaps. Or are the first signs showing in our own government?This is a must read.
"NY Times July 18, 2009 reported that copy of ""1984"" that was deleted and refunded by Amazon was an illegal copy selling for $0.99 (versus $9.99 for the legal copy).The illegal publisher was reported to be MobileReference - which really surprised me, as they have lots of good, legal publications."
"I have been looking forward to receiving this since I ordered it but nothing prepared me for this huge and beautiful book! The pages are life size copies of George Orwell's handwritten manuscript with workings and rewrites and transcribed in type on the facing page. We are adapting this novel for the stage with puppetry for Christmas 2009 at BAC in London and this is an invaluable resource for us. Kapability has posted this book safely to us in London from North America packaged with great care, it is in perfect mint condition as promised, no markings except George's! I am extremely grateful. A RAVE REVIEW for Amazon and Kapability - Thank you!"
On of the best and prophetic novels ever written about the descent into dehumanizing socialism.
this morning at 235am dudes in ninja suits came into my house and stole my copy of this book.  I was excited to read it before amazon.com stole it.
"Amazon offered 1984 for its Kindle E-book reader, but then the electronic version's publisher decided it didn't want to make the book available that way. So Amazon deleted the book from the Kindles of customers who had already purchased it and credited their accounts. A small problem: what about annotations people had made on the book for their term papers? A big problem: what if I buy a book by a liberal and Amazon decides they only like books by conservatives, so they delete the book from my player? This is a despicable action, and I will be boycotting Amazon until they publicly change their policy. There are plenty of places to buy books online."
"""If you're into keeping tabs on irony, check this out. Amazon apparently sent out its robotic droogs last night, deleting copies of the George Orwell novels Animal Farm and Nineteen Eighty-Four from Kindles without explanation, then refunding the purchase price. As you can imagine, a lot of people caught in the thick of Winston and Julia's love story aren't very happy -- and rightfully so -- the idea that we ""own"" the things we buy is pretty fundamental to... ownership...""[..]"
"That's not why you should read this edition, since any good copy of 1984 is going to feel like a poignant precursor to the mess we live in now (as for those machine mentioned in a recent review, I don't think that's the problem: rather, it's the speed that digital processing of stock market manipulation allows that is truly becoming one of the worst problems negatively affecting the world economy today).No, the reason to read this edition is for the Pynchon foreword! Pynchon's voice has been, since ""Gravity's Rainbow"" almost the inheritance of 1984; as a dislocation of the predictiveness of the Orwellian text, it also has functioned as a panacea to this nightmare we live on, precisely because Pynchon's language doesn't allow for any concreteness. Go read ""Gravity's Rainbow"" then go read ""Inherent Vice"" (or vice-versa, since the latter is infinitely easier to read than the former), and get a taste of the way the world should be."
"I read this book during Bush's 2nd term and I have to say, the parallels were unnerving.  I like the romantic liason that occurs so clandestinely and unexpectedly.  This was pretty scary stuff.  The political pontificating was suffocating at times, but then, it was quite a bit of genius in itself.  You have to wonder how this guy could come up with this 'stuff' (word substituted).  Yes, we have our own levels of censorship even in the land of the ""free."""
really slow service..... took me almost 3 weeks.  And the cover is different the one displayed so are the page numbers.
"Orwell continues to grow in my heart and to be one of my all-time favorite writers, both because and in spite of this dark, dystopian masterpiece. It was definitely long overdue that I read this, and I am glad I did. Along with Animal Farm, this is considered his most noteworthy book.  It is a scathing attack on  authoritarian thinking and government, in which the reader is put in the middle of a bizarre and horrible totalitarian state. This is not a pleasure read, that is for sure. Orwell had a point to make, and he made it in a dark and doomy fashion. It was his last book; he may have been feeling a little harsh from the tuberculosis that would kill him in 1950. One can certainly appreciate the anger that Orwell, formerly an idealistic young leftist, felt toward Stalin's USSR and the Third Reich. In this book he draws on those states to create a state so tolatarian that it dominates every aspect of human life. Probably the closes thing to it today is North Korea.A mid'level propaganda functionary, Winston Smith, is the everyman thru whom we experience Oceania, one of the 3 states left in the world, along with Eurasia and Eastasia, who are also totalitarian.  He works eliminating inconvenient stories and words from the archives when the word comes down from above. For in Big Brother's Oceania, the past and language itself must be sanitized. Winston is starting to go a little bonkers, and he begins to rebel in very minor ways. It does not take much - there are Thought Police out there trying to catch those who are showing any sign of rebellion. Although the book sticks to Winston so closely that the POV is limited third person, his life and character are not really that significant. What really matters is the description of the political world that the characters inhabit. Orwell outlines the structures of Oceanian society - the four main ministries, the party and its members, the proles that make up the majority of the population. He describes Newspeak, a strangely computerized version of English in which unnecessary and undesirable words are being progressively eliminated. It is a world in which anybody could be a spy and almost anybody could be guilty of some sort of infraction and eliminated.The only thing that matters is power, says the party boss who busts Winston and tortures him, and the individual is nothing. All that exists is the glory of the state and the party. Orwell throws me for a loop here by (unintentionally, I think) incorporating aspects of Buddhist philosophy into the reasons for totalitarianism.  This is a very dark vision, and I find myself wondering why it is still considered so powerful and relevant.  The kind of government being attacked here has been discredited all over the world, yet the book seems to really stay in people's minds.  Perhaps its popularity is due to its being read by so many high school students. By depicting a nightmarish inversal of of the Western way of life, 1984 serves as an affirmation of that way of life."
"George Orwell wrote of his conceptualization of what the world could look like 35 years in the future -- 1984 was published in 1949.  Orwell would not live to see that far into the future (having died only one year after the book's publication), but one can see how prophetic this novel is.  Privacy has been a hot topic as of late, from the U.S. Patriot Act to the debate on abortion.  This book conveys to the reader the true horrors of a ""Big Brother.""He does this by the use of the world ""telescreen"" -- a device where Big Brother can see the citizen and even communicate (most notably with his demands and orders) with him/her.  Actions of the citizens are not the only things controlled by the State; thoughts are controlled, and history is constantly rewritten to exclude all that threatens the State.  The mind is made to not only accept that 1 + 1 = 3, but actually and truly believe it.One who cherishes liberty will find this novel to be the ultimate dystopia -- a work that makes one appreciate the freedoms he/she has and perhaps should not take for granted."
"His forecast (in 1948) that over-efficiency of machines would eventually undo supply and demand economics came true in Fall 2008 when it suddenly became apparent there are too many car companies producing too many cars.  With not enough wars to take up the slack every manufacturing job is now under threat. In Oceania FEAR of competing economies (and terrorists) paralyses the confidence and asperations of the middle-class (the Outer Party).None of which concerns members of the Inner Party.  Not as once surmized politicians or dictators but the BANKING ELITE.  As faceless bankers can make or break the fortunes of billions of proles around the globe it is they who have assumed the mantle of unlimited uncontrollable POWER.Can there now be any doubt, with the disintegration of General Motors, his prognosis that machines would lead to social unrest rather than increase communal wealth was finally proven 100% correct - 60 years later - in 2008?"
"George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four is a dystopic novel. It describes a possible future world where totalitarianism completely controls the lives of the population, leaving no space for freedom, privacy, individuality etc. The novel is very often cited nowadays. Recent events, such as more video surveillance, making communication snooping legal, communist parties appearing in western countries, make the novel seem like a warning, as the world described therein is not unlikely to happen.I read the book as a non-native English speaker and found it easy to follow for my level (C1). I liked that the author invested a great effort to describe in detail the totalitarian world and the mechanisms which keep it alive. The horror of living in such a world is very well highlighted by showing experiences from a typical citizen.All in all, a must-read book, not necessarily because it entertains, but because it educates."
"A very well written piece of literature for its time.  In light of the current state of affairs, it is rather frightening.  It was a good read in High School and an even better fread today."
"1984, pictures a compelling sci-fi, thriller, and drama of a utopia in the life of a man named Winston.  1984 reflects on the repetitive pattern of human government. Though slow at first, 1984 easily picks up quickly by part two. In the novel, man tests his freedom against the government. The government engages fear to keep the probes (lower class citizens) loyal and obedient, but underneath of the skin lays a brotherhood that thrives to revolt over the corrupted government. Orwell obtains a talent in writing that creates a streaming movie in your head of a chaotic and depressing utopia which war is peace, freedom is slavery, and ignorance is strength. It truly brings out the fear and selfishness that we cannot see from our seat that lays in the potential of our political leader, men that may exist today, waiting to be pushed."
"This book is a classic, and should be read by everyone claiming to be literate.The good thing about this particular version is that it's relatively inexpensive, and doesn't have a lot of extra material.The bad part about this particular version is that the afterword, written by Erich Fromm in 1961, has been overtaken by events.  Communism has been exposed as an unethical, immoral system, and I am offended by Fromm's suggestion of some kind of moral equivalence between capitalism and communism.There needs to be a new afterword, written sometime after the World Trade Center attacks.  It would actually be nice to have two small afterwords, written by people on different sides of the political aisle."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith1984"
"1984 is a very well writen book that makes us see a very scay but possable future.  To compleatly understand this future we must go in to the gory (literally) deatils.  This is why the book is evil.  1/3 of the book is about distroying a mans soul using torture, mind minupulation, and starvation.  It is evil but nessisary."
"There is a lot of information and insinuations in this book - so many that I will definitely have to read it over and look deeper into Orwell's meanings.  Most of it I did pick up on though and I must say that I love the story as much as I love Orwell's intentions with this book.  Much more graphic of a novel than I first expected, and humorous at the most unexpected times, I know now why this is a classic novel."
"What is the most significant novel of the twentieth century? Justify your answer with specific examples.The 20th century produced a plethora of literary masterpieces. Choosing, and then asserting which novel is the most significant is supremely difficult - almost as difficult a choice as Abraham had when the Lord asked him to sacrifice his only son, Isaac. I personally love the mental stimulation in works of fiction. In particular I love the human drama and savage social criticisms that are found within fictional dystopias. As such, I believe the most significant novel of last century was `1984' by George Orwell. The book addresses (and attacks) issues of authoritative governments, propaganda, sectorisation, thought control, social classes, as well as rebellion, and love and hate.As a novel, `1984' is so highly regarded that it has been reprinted into some 65 world languages. This fact alone speaks volumes about the importance of this particular piece of literature. Orwell writes his novels for anyone who can read, albeit some people may find a dictionary necessary at times. By writing simply, Orwell doesn't exclude anyone from his novels.`1984' is simply written, easily read and thoroughly brilliant. It is about government totalitarianism in Britain - but it could be about any country on the planet. The government in the book are a brutal regime that use lies, propaganda, and power to keep their citizens in a state of fear and subjugation. We have seen Orwell's sage words come true in various world governments; including Zimbabwe, and perhaps more poignantly, North Korea. In fact, the word `Orwellian' stems from `1984', and can be used to refer to any tyrannical government.Winston Smith is the main character in the book. He works for the government and his job is to write propaganda - including wiping out official facts, and embellishing government statistics. The world is broken down into three super-states, and the British government he is part of is in `Oceania'. Here we see more future events scribed before the fact. Oceania can be regarded as similar to the modern day European Union. Currently, sectorisation is in progress all over the world. APEC, OPEC, the G20 and a host of other blocs and conglomerates reinforce this point.This literary masterpiece has been studied rigorously in various high school English classes all over the world, and this is testament to its significance as a novel. My high school used both `1984' and Orwell's other classic, `Animal Farm' as texts for senior English lessons. It is somewhat ironic though; that in the 21st century the `Big Brother' concept has been turned into a smutty, distasteful television program.`1984' is a book filled with human drama. It is about us not letting go of our democratic values, and making sure that we, the citizens, keep our governments transparent and accountable. It is about the courage of one man to rebel against tyranny, but sadly it also finishes with tyranny winning in the end. The book foresees actual historical events, and lets us know that dystopia is a possibility anywhere, anytime. `1984' is used in many classrooms around the world - and some aspects of it are part of modern day popular culture. These facts, as well as the points already outlined make this book the most significant novel of the twentieth century."
The book was a little worn and was written in but it is just fine.We enjoyed reading the book and  i will continue to buy from Amazon.It was here when you said it would be.Again thank you for your promptness.
"The slogan Big Brother is Watching derives from this work.  Winston Smith decides to keep a diary, (against all regulations prevalent in Oceania).  He detects that a man named O'Brien is a fellow dissident.  Smith works at the Ministry of Truth.  The really scary organization is the Ministry of Love.  The danger of history is not knowing history.  Winston Smith has a problem.  He remembers.  Ingsoc may have dated back to 1960.  Newspeak has a vocabulary that grows smaller every year.  There is a Ministry of Plenty, but there is rationing.  Winston separated from his wife eleven years earlier.  The Party prefers celibacy.Winston believes the best chance for the future is the proletarians, (proles).  He decides to wander among them.  The one thing they pay attention to is the lottery.  There are big prizes.  The book shows Orwell's mastery of the uses of propaganda, the perils of bureaucracy, and an understanding of totalitarian trends as exemplified by the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany and in smaller ways by the modern democracies of England, the United States, and the colonies of India and Burma.  Orwell was a student of the uses and abuses of authority.  Winston Smith's  descent among the proletariat resembles Orwell's experiences, THE ROAD TO WIGAN PIER and DOWN AND OUT IN PARIS AND LONDON.  Loving details of the scene reflect also Orwell's love of Dickens and Kipling.A girl from the Fiction Department writes a love note to Winston.  He is amazed.  They arrange to meet at a crowded square.  Even though there are telescreens, it should be okay.  (Not only is the Party Puritanical, but it is expected that Party members engage in wholesome communal activities.  Sexual privacy induces hysteria.)  Surveillance of citizens is carried on with the cooperation of other citizens rather in the way of Stasi or the block captains of Chairman Mao.  Winston rents a room above a shop.  Julia brings Inner Party coffee to the meeting, not the victory coffee everyone else drinks.  Winston and Julia know their conduct is suicidal, but they continue.  Winston is no longer bored with life.Julia believes that everyone secretly hates the Party.  As under Stalin, there are show trials.  (Taking things a step further, there are hate campaigns. One means of civil control by the Party is mass demonstrations.)  Children are encouraged to spy on their parents.  Winston explains to Julia that the past is actually being abolished.  Suddenly Oceania is at war with Eastasia.  All information concerning Oceania's war with Eurasia has to be obliterated.The Party has an enemy, Emmanuel Goldstein, a Trotsky-like figure.  There is an anti-Party organization, the Brotherhood.  Goldstein has a book, although most copies have been destroyed.  O'Brien endeavors to get a copy of it for Winston and Julia.  Reading Goldstein's book, Winston learns that the three superstates are permanently at war.  Even if war hysteria is continuous, war takes place on the margins, and is the product of specialists.  War cannot be decisive because the parties are too evenly matched.  War uses up surpluses.  A war that is continuous ceases to be dangerous.  Party weapons are doublethinks and the mutability of the past.The end is nightmare.  There is a Cold War flavor to this, (Orwell seems to have anticipated everything).  Beyond politics there is the point, raised recently in a journal, that the author of this masterpiece was dying of tuberculosis during its composition.  It is his testament.  Our clever author has left us with a prized gift at the end of the volume, an Appendix detailing the Principles of Newspeak.  Bravo--this is a book to be read and reread only by the strong-minded."
"I read this book the first time if I remember right in the late 80s. Its still as great, and scary, as I remember it being. More or less you can combine 1984, Huxleys Brave New World, and Camp of the Saints by Jean Raspail and you have a slightly exagerrated version of the world we live in now. Personally I believe that this book only partially came from Orwells imagination. He was involved in political movements to the point where he went to Spain and fought in the Spanish civil war, went to elitist Universities in England and wrote war time propaganda for the BBC so he had a view of the inside of elites and how they operate. Its such the cliche to say it but I believe this book was written as a warning."
"This book, while written in 1945, is still relevant today as we develop a new vision of our society. The players in our political system mimic the situation that was to be projected to 1984. The proposed outcome in the book appears to be coming to fruition today. Excellent book, but discomfitting commentary on today's ""progressives""."
"There should be no doubt Orwell's ""1984"" is the gold standard for dystopian novels. It's about a Totalitarian society that exists in the future from when it was originally published in 1949 (certainly in our future as well). It's popularly believed the inspiration for ""1984"" came from Yevgeny Zamyatin's ""We"", first published in 1924, and there are similarities. Also, the suggestion, by others, that it's the direction that current politics are leading the U.S. is no doubt contributing to the story's renewed popularity. No matter the reasons, this story is frightening and depressing, but also a testament to the survivability of the human spirit. Prepare yourself though, ""1984"" will, without question, provide you a terrifying glimpse in a world bereft of personal freedom.I'd forgo the foreword by Thomas Pynchon though. Read it, if you must, after you finish reading ""1984""."
"Used book but in good shape.  Some underlining that was in the description is not objectionable.Good vendor, good price, good delivery.  All in all this was a good purchase.Animal Farm will be next so I can compare yesterday's political fiction to today's real politics."
"While 1984 is now considered a cautionary tale about totalitarianism, it should be remembered that Orwell was an ardent socialist. Perhaps the most important (and least discussed) element of the story of 1984 is the doublethink of its author: Orwell's ability to condemn an outcome, while advocating its cause. Even as Orwell portrayed the corruption of socialist government in Animal Farm and the cruelty of totalitarian government in 1984, he insisted that these are perversions of socialism, rather than the inevitable fruit of socialism.This is the same foolish idea as Marx had; that human nature is malleable and can be forced to adapt to a socialist zeitgeist. Sadly, many people suffer the same delusion today; believing that government has the right to mold human nature rather than the responsibility to yield to human nature and respect our natural rights. Socialists do not like that human nature opposes slavery (i.e. socialism) and insist that with enough socialist indoctrination and through the force of socialist government, human nature can be remade to love subjugation.When we look to the troubling conclusion in which the rebellion is crushed and minds are retrained by imprisonment and indoctrination, it appears to be a break from the tradition of a successful resolution for the hero of the novel. Could it be that this was a successful conclusion in the mind of a socialist? Just as Brave New World ended with society purging its misfits from its midst, 1984 ends with the arrest and reeducation of its misfit.Could it be that socialists are so wedded to their ideology that they have lost the ability to sympathize with human rights to liberty and freedom of conscience and would rather sympathize with the State? What if the ending reveals that the hero of a socialist novel was never meant to be the individual; is the hero in fact the State?"
"So what can I say about this book that hasn't been said before? Having read it I can see how it has become regarded as classic fiction. Of course the year 1984 has come and gone and many folks say had it been titled ""2009"" it would have been much more accurate. I chose this book because my son had to read it for school (I was never assigned this one myself) but I always felt I ""should"" read it. So I have now.For those of you who haven't read it, it is a complex novel but with a fairly basic plot. The protagonist, Winston Smith, is a functioning member of a society in the future who meets a woman he is attracted to. Much of the book surrounds their attempt to form a relationship in this society that just won't allow that sort of thing. Of course the real point and value of the novel is to illustrate where our current society may be headed if we don't change course, a sort of anti-utopian (dystopian?) novel. This book has brought us common terms such as ""Big Brother"", ""doublethink"", and ""thought police."" There are long sections where Winston reads to his girl friend from the official government manual detailing how the society came to be as well as the evolution of the government-speak (""Newspeak"")language. I am glad that I've read this novel but at the same time I can't say that I would ever want to read it again. My political/societal views are already pretty much cemented in place and this book, while thought provoking, did not change my views. I do agree that it should be studied at the High School level though, not only for its value to the world of literature but also as a way to kick start young people's thinking on what a society should and shouldn't be."
"I was blown away by this book, couldn't put it down. The similarities with today are a bit scary. It's a great horror without the horror, if you know what I mean."
"I first read this book as a teen, it was a class assignment. I recently read it again and I'm still blown away by it. I don't know many people that have not read this masterpiece. It was first published about sixty years ago. In today's times it is definitely a profound and visionary book to read again. I assume that it is still recommended reading to students. It certainly should be."
"1984 is about two lovers (Winston and Julia) who go on a romantic crime spree until they are eventually apprehended by the police.  While incarcerated, they both undergo innovative medical and psychological procedures.  These procedures are designed to cure them by making them become law abiding citizens.Do these procedures work?  You'll have to read the book to find out."
"Mr. Orwell's book is, rightfully, a must-read classic. The daily grind of existing in such an oppressive state piles onto the reader. There is not one iota of levity in this entire work. Mr. Orwell's book is not simply a condemnation of communism, but a trenchant example of the concentration of power and the willingness of those overseers to do whatever it takes to stay in control. Democracy is not immune to this sort of heavy-handedness. The people in power attempt to subjugate the populace by controlling or falsifying information and using torture or at least the threat of force for political purposes. This is also about stripping individuals of their humanity. Mr. Orwell's book is a cautionary tale about the dark side of the human condition. A wonderful learning tool."
"George Orwell was the pen name of Eric Arthur Blair.  He first gained fame for publishing 1984.  He was born in 1903 in Bengal, India and died in 1950.  He was poor until his 30's.  He was frightened by communism and his books reflected that particularly in Animal Farm.The author's goal in this book, 1984, was quite simple.  He wanted to frighten people about a totalitarian, technologically backwards society where truth is changed to what is the present people say.  What they say is are lies.  The telescreens that are mounted everywhere destroy privacy everywhere but in the slums when they are like cameras.  There is no such thing as love.  If discovered, the secret would condition it out.  There is a constant fake war as an excuse to make goods and then destroy them.  There are 3 types of people, the proles, the outer party, and the inner party with all the wealth, goods, mansions, and servants.The author without a doubt achieves his goal.  It is akin to detonating a brick of C-4 to swat a fly.  He definitely frightens the reader into a coma.  The reader's own children turning them in for thoughtcrime. Could anyone imagine that?  No Bill of Rights?  Room 101 where all the reader's worst fears come out and haunt the reader?  If there was a secret police, how would people live?  By looking over their shoulders, and holding low pitched conversations, thats how.  Once the reader died, there would be no trace of the reader.  No mention on the newspaper.  It would just be changed the next day.  The reader couldn't say anything subversive, because the readers' co-workers would turn them in.  The worst of all is that speech would all be polarized.  Everything that you said would have negative or positive connotations.The book has its strengths, when it describes the antiques shop and how there was relics like china.  The description of Newspeak and the different ministries abbreviations are also strengths.  The abbreviations are just a way of getting the mind to conform to new values.  It was all about perception.The weakness is when the baser instincts leak through into actions.  One example is when Winston wanted to rape Julia because he thought she was part of the secret police.  Another is the very graphic screen, when Winston is getting interrogated and sells out his love for Julia just to get the pain to stop.  It is a little too strong in my opinion."
"George Orwell's book 1984 was a tremendous, very enticing book. It shows a government under which no one can trust anyone. Everyone has to watch what is said to everyone because there is always a chance that the other person they are talking to is a spy. It starts off with Winston questioning what is going on in the government. He is wanting to revolt against them. He realizes that all the people are changing the history everyday to go with what the government says. He isn't careful of what he does and he gets caught. That goes back to always watching what the characters say around other people because if they aren't careful, they will get caught. That leads to George Orwell's purpose of this novel. George Orwell was a very good writer. He had a reoccurring theme in this book and in Animal Farm, which was communism. In 1984, he showed his vision of how the world would be if communism took over. There would be no freedom, and one supreme ruler, or in the book, Big Brother. Orwell accomplished his goal in this book. He was warning people against the negative aspects of communism. It may have been a little dramatic, but still there is not much freedom in communist countries. He showed that the government would have a hand in everything, even what people said in private. This book has many strengths and a couple weaknesses in it. The first strength is that it is written very well. It is put together so that everything fits together perfectly. Another strength is that it is a very enticing book. Once the reader picks the book up he or she can't stop reading it until it's done. The one weakness it has is the ending. It somewhat just cuts the reader off at the ending. It basically says Winston gave up on loving Julia and he accepted the party. So, Orwell is saying that Winston gave up and accepted communism. Overall though, it was an excellent book."
"Nineteen Eighty-Four is not only Orwell's most famous work, it is one of the most critically acclaimed novels of the twentieth century.  Also, as several other reviewers have mentioned, some of the ideas present in 1984 could be pulled out of today's headlines.  Not only governments, but corporations also now have the ability to track activities, both on and offline, of virtually everyone who lives in the industrialized world.  Websites like pipl.com and Spokeo show how easy it is to observe people's activities through social networks and public records.  Marrying this technology to a desire to socially engineer the population could result in the type of dystopia that Orwell depicts in this prescient classic."
"Someone gave me a used copy of this book when I was very young, and it sat on my bookshelf for many years before I read it. Although I found its ""science fiction"" setting to be engaging, it wasn't until my later years as an adult in the U.S. that I began to appreciate Orwell's foresight into the political future of our country.I am sure it would be controversial to conclude that we are now living under the watchful eye of Big Brother, but having read this book, I consistently do a ""double-take"" when I observe the evolving cultural and legal climate in our country. Our mainstream media may not admit that the ""thought police"" exist, but thanks to Orwell, I find myself always looking over my shoulder!"
"George Orwell's prescient view is only incorrect in actual date.  The technology to watch like ""Big Brother"" was not fully developed until the turn of the millennium.  Despite Winston's dismal ending, the most important thing to remember to remain free is that Big Brother is not always watching.  Rights are endowed by the Creator, not the State."
"This classic utopian novel depicts a mad, fascist world, where truth is controlled by the government, and independent thought is illegal.  Compassion for others is punishable by death; the only love allowed is for ""Big Brother"" who is always watching you through telescreens that permeate everywhere.  The world is divided up into three superpowers, East Asia, Eurasia, and Oceania, which consists of the Americas and the former British Empire including London where this novel is set.  The world is in a constant state of war.  All social and technological progress has halted.  All humanistic values like peace and love are crushed.  The fascist government has complete control over every aspect of people's lives, including their thoughts.The people are in a perpetual state of poverty.  The proles are the ignorant, listless lower class.  The Outer party is the middle class, where our protagonist, Winston, resides; they do most of the so-called professional work for the Inner Party, though still live in abject misery.  They work grueling hours in tiny cubicles, delivering misinformation to an ignorant public.  (Sound familiar?)  Sex is not to be enjoyed by party members; it is only for procreation.  (Does this sound familiar?)  Any violation is constituted a sexcrime.  The English language is being stripped of words, butchered, and consolidated; OldSpeak is being translated into NewSpeak, a simplistic language consisting of compound words like DoubleSpeak.  The people are incited into anger against their opponent in war and Goldstein, the leader of an imaginary opposition.  It is a fascist world that crushes what is left of humanity. Winston, likely named by the author after Winston Churchill, is a middle-aged man working in the Outer Party.  He begins to rebel against the fascist state by writing a journal in secrecy, committing thoughtcrimes, and entering to an illicit affair with the young Julia.  He is betrayed by O'Brien, an Inner Party member, who seduces him with the truth.  Winston and Julia are caught in bed and sent to the Ministry of Love, where they are tortured and brainwashed.  In the end, they betray each other, and Winston confesses his love for Big Brother. This is a haunting, depressing novel, but a very important read.  The political allegories can be applied to society today; it is intended as a warning to us.  This novel is engrossing, thought-provoking, intelligent, and very-well written.  George Orwell's ""1984"" is an educational, fascinating description of a totalitarian world."
"Firstly: This Kindle book supports X-ray.  I'm posting that here because I don't see any way to search for x-ray enabled books, which seems to me like a huge feature oversight for Amazon...Secondly: I was reading Escape From Camp 14, and so much of what is talked about in there sounds like it's straight from 1984, so I had to line it up for another read once I finish EFC14.  If you pay attention to N Korea, read 1984 and remember how long ago it was written.  Orwell was a genius."
"""1984"" was written as a warning of what could happen when Government controls every aspect of our lives.  I could imagine that it would gradually (with emphasis on the gradually) happen as government would slowly but surely take over aspects of our lives before it takes over completely.Most people would agree that government control is negative- but most would disagree on what aspect of our lives government needs to control or should I say to handle in order to keep us ""safe"".I would love to see a prequel to ""1984"" perhaps call it ""1983"" (or ""The 1970's"").  It would be interesting to see perspectives and perceptions that led up to a country such as the one depicted in ""1984"".JR FelisildaAuthor of the book,""Nanay: Lessons From a Mother"""
"What can I say? It's 1984. Most people have seen enough references that they understand the word ""Orwellian"", ""Thought police"", ""New speak"", or ""Big Brother"" even if they've never read this.Nevertheless, reading it gives a much clearer view of these concepts.1984 is on a short list of books that have probably prevented the very totalitarian societies they predict. It fills the reverse function of the books fictional ""Newspeak"" -- it adds to our vocabulary and therefore to our ability to think and defend ourselves against oppression.I read this while I was also studying cults and mind control, and Orwell captures these concepts very well in this fictional dystopian world."
"I'm no expert at analysis or writing reviews, but here goes.My attention span is short, and unless the story develops quickly, and gives me enough events to interest me I rarely give ample time for either to develop, I just move on. This is one case where I'm glad I stuck it out. The beginning of this book was honestly a bit unbearable, I had gotten the picture and message of the main points (conditions, environment, authority figures, main character development) within the first 40 pages or so and everything after was just rehash after rehash...But then, roughly half way through the book, it had gotten so interesting, so good, and so insightful, that if it had taken me three weeks to read the first half, it took me all of two days to finish the second half.The authors account of war and his ""counter view"" of the world he himself set up was flat out awesome. He cleverly delivered a thorough analysis of war and society through the guise of educating the lead character, and subsequently further demonstrated his points by breaking the main character. I'm sure there are plenty of reviews before mine that do a much better analysis and description of the themes and techniques of the book, and why both were done extremely well, so if this review is meant to dive any one point home its to those with a short attention span.Give this a chance."
"Even though this book has been out for a number of years, it is more appropriate today than the day it was written.  It labors through some detail but ties is all together by the close.  It will cause you to see today's headlines in a new light."
"While the subject of this story intrigued me it also really disturbed me at the same time. I think it was an important read. Big Brother, here we are. I won't say you'll have fun from reading this book but I will say you will learn a thing or two about our world and where we are going."
"I'm deeply concerned with the problems the United States is facing and this book foreshadows exactly what we're going through and will go through. If you are worried about your family's future you owe it to yourself to read this book.Turn off your tv, get off facebook, and please stop living a superficial life of ""ignorance is bliss"". Spend more time with your family and become more independent of mainstream culture."
"This book is a little more intense than the style of books I usually go for, but after seeing it listed on the ""Books you must read before you die"" and seeing so many strong reviews for it, I thought it was one I should definitely make time to read.I had to read A Brave New World in high school and even today I still thoroughly enjoy that book. To me, Nineteen Eighty Four is the next level of extreme when compared to A Brave New World, and although I really enjoyed George Orwells writing style and the overall theme of the book, I think that a lot of the intellectual political notes went over my head.To fully understand and appreciate this book you need to be able to give it 100% concentration for the whole time you are reading it, and at time I struggled with doing that as I found myself skim-reading over the extreme political jargon (i.e. when Winston was reading The Book).I did enjoy the book, and while it is one of the most thought-provoking books I have read, I wouldn't read it again, nor recommend it to someone unless they specifically enjoyed this genre of book."
"I had seen the movie based on this book years ago. The book has as much meaning in this day and age as it did when it was written.I was captivated by how stark, dirty, dingy, and hopeless the main charcter's view of the world is, even when trying to rebell.I think it's a very insightful look into just where a society can go. Even one with the best of intentions. It's very applicable in this era."
"I think this is one of the most overrated books I've ever read.The idea of it and the detail put into it is admirable, but it lacks that special 'something' that can make such serious/scary subject-matter hold my attention.I can understand the importance of the story, but Winston Smith wasn't a character I cared for or found any interest in whatsoever. And although the boook made me dislike Big Brother and The Party--the fact that the proles and even the disagreeing members of the Party didn't care enough to attempt an uprising meant that I really didn't care about any of them."
"""It's a beautiful thing the destruction of words""  This appelation coming out of the mouth of a character Syme seems strange for any author to intone, tantamount to writer's heresy.  In a way, this whole book was about heresy, 'thoughtcrime' towards the regime which ruled Airstrip One.  This book will be able to teach a lot about politics in the modern day.  The only place where it really strays is at Orwell's atheistic uterances.  Otherwise a great read."
"When I began to read 1984, I had my hesitations.  In the past I have found that books like this were never really my ""thing"".  Animal Farm, Slaughter House Five, Fahrenheit 451, and other books of that sort I always found a bit too slow moving for the taste of the average high schooler.  Opening up 1984 was a risk for me, if I don't like a book the first time around, I probably never will, but I was pleasantly surprised to find myself sucked into George Orwell's cleverly crafted world of Winston Smith, Big Brother, the Party, and rebellion.  Like every great science fiction novel, 1984 takes place in a world where everything is controlled by the government, in this case Big Brother and the party, and free thinking is the worst crime one could commit.  We've all read a book or seen a movie about conspiracies with the government controlling every aspect of our lives, and this is definitely the most well done.  Everything from the telescreens to the thought police was so believable it almost made me suspicious I was being watched!  Not only did the writing make it seem realistic, but the writing was a bit more fast paced than some other ""classics"" and it kept me turning the pages.  I understand that many classics seem so dull to us high schoolers merely because we don't have the patience for anything we have to think about.  I think that 1984 is definitely a better read for high schoolers because it keeps moving and stays interesting but still manages to make you think a bit about the world we live in and it's future.  I definitely recommend this book for anyone, even those reluctant teens that don't usually favor books that are published before they were born."
"It isn't happening exactly the way Orwell thought it would but close enough for ""government work"" as they say.  The few differences are covered in ""Brave New World"" (I always tell my associates to take 1984 and Brave New World, toss them in a blender and then pour out the situation that exists today) as far as the covert aspects of a government controlled society (although the government didn't have to take over the media; the media is going along willingly without government control and the ""feelies"" (to keep people occupied doing ANYTHING other than contemplating the government)are being provided by I-pod, X-box and a host of other distractions provided to preclude the population from observing much of anything outside the immediate sphere of their own existence.  I purchase copies of this book whenever I spot them in a used book store and then hand them out like candy to co-workers and friends - just to get them to start thinking about what's going on now.  After reading the Federalist Papers, Letters from Jefferson and other ""Founding Father's Documents"" it apparent that where we are today is nothing akin to where they would have envisioned us to be - it was ""Promote the general welfare"" not ""give out welfare"", ""pursuit of happiness"" not ""make sure everyone is happy"".  We are where we are today by ignoring what's going on and allowing a government similar to the one's that Orwell and Huxley predicted would develop.  If you have yet to read this book then grab a copy and contemplate a further projection of the predictions; where is the control by the government over the ""citizens"" [subjects?] going to be in another ten years?"
"War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryAnd Big Brother is watchingThese are the slogans that the people in George Orwell's book, 1984. George Orwell does a great job of telling the story of Winston Smith's life and how he goes through life rebelling against the government.  He describes every setting with emence detail and it felt like I was right there with Winston going through his every day struggles to survive and remain in his eyes sane.  The way Orwell conveyed the story through the diary as well as just writing it really worked well.  The diary tells about Winston`s  character and how he reacts to life around him.  I believe that when writing this story George Orwell wrote a book that is a great success.As a high school student I enjoyed 1984.  It challenged me to think outside of the box and more critically.  To say that War is Peace and Freedom is Slavery and actually believe it causes one to question the meaning of certain things.  In our world war is not peace and slavery is the opposite of freedom, so what could have led people to believe and just accept that these things are true.  That is what 1984 truly explains, that humans can become brain washed into believing almost anything.  The scary part about this is that it actually can happen as shown in the book through a series of torture and reeducating Winston was reformed into one who believed in what the Republic of Oceania believed.  With propaganda, the party ruling over the people in 1984 can shape the minds of jst about anyone.In conclusion, 1984 is a well written, suspenseful story of a man who becomes the same as everone else.  There is no room for individuality in the setting created by George Orwell.  Everyone believes the same or are arrested and reformed!"
"I read Animal Farm back in high school, but had not been exposed to Orwells other works, quite good.See these others by Orwell:Animal FarmComing Up For AirBurmese Days"
"I'm amazed that there are so few reviews about this classic book. Perhaps people don't believe Big Brother is watching them.The other relevant classic by Orwell is Animal Farm (ISBN: 0141036133)Orwell was way ahead of his time. As with others like him, being ahead of his time made his works seem specious and irrelevant ... until reality dawns apon the mindless masses - but by then it is too late. If only people had the understanding, courage and selflessness to withstand exploitation."
"A communistic dictatorship rules over the people living in the country of Oceania. Newspeak is the official language of Oceania, people love Big Brother, the head of Oceania. What I have just described to you is what 1984's world looks like. 1984, is the book that explains what would happen to the world if democracy fell and communistic-dictatorship took over. This book was written by a man by the name of George Orwell, who was born in 1903. Soon after writing this book he succumbed to tuberculosis. Once finishing the typescript he sent it to his two friends, Secker and Warburg, who officially published it on the date of June 8th 1949. George Orwell sadly died only a few months after his book hit the shelves in January 1949.Within the pages of 1984 there is the `Party' which mysteriously and ruthlessly rules over the people who live in the country of Oceania. The peasants are called the `Proles'. The `Proles' are essentially everyone who is not in the party, these are the common man and the people who live in much poverty while the Party is able to live with considerable of luxuries. This book gives the reader  a feeling of desolation, sometimes while reading it I thought I was Winston the main character who was trying to take down the party, and who was sick of being told what to and what not to do. That is one of the books major strengths because the reader will feel as if it is him being prosecuted. Also the book makes you hate the party. This feeling makes the reader become even more sucked into the book, making him feel like the party is the worst thing possible. The only real weakness I could find with this book was that, sometimes, the book has a tendency to give a little excess information to the reader. These are often unnecessary facts that have no place in the book such as when it describes in a lot of detail how the tree is where Winston and his friend Julia meet; however this does not happen very often.The main goal of this book is to give the reader an idea of what life would be like if democracy ever fell in the modern world. This book accomplishes this goal with an amazing job. Everything is how the reader would think it would be, the citizens are being watched at every moment, there are `thought-police', the majority of people are poor, is a are the minority of rich people. Also this book goes into so much detail, it makes me feel as if I were there...in 1984. The detail helps the reader become even more captivated in the dark secrets unlocked within the party and the severity of the crimes Winston commits against the party.When reading this book the reader will experience a connection with the book and its characters, the reader will become Winston. The reader will become a Prole. The reader will become Big Brother, the reader will love big brother. The reader will go through many changes while reading this book, and may experience many hardships. Which path they choose is up to them, whether to love big brother, or hate him. That decision is up to the reader, good luck. I would highly sugges this for any high school teaher.P.S.-Using a Family Acount.Shlomo"
"This excellent book is about life which was deprived of all meaning, whose primary goal was a constantly increasing productivity motivated by an ingeniously designed social system that advocated ""love and peace.""I was born in the Soviet Republic of Ukraine. I recall the anxiety that tormented my family during the preceding months that led to the collapse of the Soviet Union. I was seven and lived in my own universe, but I was sort of aware that the Soviet Empire was seeing its last days. Karl Marx must have been doing somersaults in his grave.I don't remember much about living under communism - except that daily life was ""by the book"" - but I've talked plenty about it to my parents and grandparents. When Stalin went six feet under, it became a bit more tolerable, but it remained totalitarianism nonetheless. Orwell did an exceptional job at depicting the essential aspects of that kind of state, more precisely Soviet regime. The detail that he told is fascinating; as if Stalin or Beria had let him in on the juicy stuff. Some of it he exaggerated, some he understated, but fundamentally he was accurate. Also, it is imperative that the reader keeps in mind that it was published in 1949. A vast majority of people in Russia and Europe were isolated from this kind of knowledge - the government made sure of that through an intricate system of secret police - so this book was a revelation. Of course we now know that, aside from the fictitious names, he essentially portrayed reality. The indoctrination that is described in the book still lingered when I attended school in Ukraine in the `80s.  Soviet propaganda machine was thorough indeed.The history of totalitarian states is complex and enormous amount of time and literature has been dedicated to it. This book, however, is a good substitute if one cannot wrestle with a lengthy 700-page tome. It won't make you a political scholar, but it'll educate you on what Soviet Russia was. It's written in a lucid manner; however, one has to read it as nonfiction to truly appreciate the author's vision. George Orwell is a genius and his ""1984"" will be read for a long time."
"Once science fiction, now daily reality: constant war, newspeak, doublethink, surveillance by hidden cameras (and now satellites), TV sets humming 24/7 in many homes, political cover-ups, repression, restriction of language and the concomitant impoverishment of thought, manipulation on many levels. If you only read this in high school, read it again."
"Orwell depicts a vivid portrayal of the ills of a totalitarian regime - even the consequences of government overreach in general.  His society is the most extreme one imaginable created by a government with absolute power.  While painting his picture of a dystopian world, Orwell links us into Winston Smith, the main character, an everyman who the reader is able to identify with.  He is someone like us - an outsider in this totalitarian world, who is unable to completely submit his mind and will to Big Brother (the State).  We are able to experience the absolute control of the government through Winston's eyes - its physical and psychological control of its subjects, to Winston's expanding discontent, his rebellious acts and finally their destined consequences.Under this veil, Orwell demonstrates how weak and frail a totalitarian regime truly is.  In order to control its subjects, Big Brother has to have absolute control of information - to even alter the past, to constantly control minds through propaganda, to create constant war to keep the society poor,  and to use fear mongering (i.e. encouraging kids to rat out their parents to the thought police) to force its will on the people.  It even uses language as mind control - whittling language away to limit thoughts and expressions.  Ultimately, Big Brother is only able to force Winston to submit by torturing and brainwashing him into an empty shell like the rest of its subjects.This book is great for the high school reader and beyond - it is an easy read while allowing the reader to consider the implications of living in such a society.  Its endurance is also impressive - this book was originally published in 1949 - the same work could be published today and be just as relevant."
"What can you say about this book that hasn't already been said?  It's dark.  It's real dark.  It's real, real dark.  Get your flashlight.  The future is not a nice place and this is no fairytale.  It is, however, a classic and a must read."
"Thanks so much, the book was in great condition and came soooo fast I really appreciate it!"
It's amazing how close this book reflects the Governments of the World today. It's a must read for anyone who has not read it.
"**Spoiler Warning****Only read if you have read this novel before!!!**Absolutely fascinating... I will never understand how one man... could have the mental capacity to write something as utterly brilliant as this! he not only created a Perfect system of government... in which inner party based communism could thrive... forever... Stuck in one perpetual point in time... but he also created a system in order to break people down to the state that they were as mailable as clay... and could be suited for the party's uses.  The man was able to take such a solid rock as Winston Smith and reduce him... not to rubble... but to a soft malleable substance that he was then able to mold and die cast into EXACTLY what he wanted... Winston was the hardest, most unbreakable man the party could ever attempt to assimilate... and through this system that George Orwell conceived... through this extremely convincing system of reeducation... they did it. You believe for yourself that if this was done to you... it was extremely conceivable that you would deviate just as he had. And this evil method of breaking a mans body, mind, and heart down to the ground Pails in comparison to system of Ingsoc itself.  This ridiculously meticulously crafted work of art... every single detail... painstakingly buffed and polished... Orwell could easily have been a dictator of the entire world... if he had a month to figure out how. This man is one of my true heroes as of right... now.If i could give this novel more than five stars... it would be worth twenty..."
"A classic work of dystopian fiction. Big Brother is watching you. Thoughts and actions are monitored by the Party, and variation is not tolerated.  War is the health of the state, and disinformation and propoganda are the standard modes of the media. Those who do not comply are whisked away to be reprogrammed.  This is the world of Eng Soc: English Socialism.This book shows how the totalitarian state aims not only to control your actions and speech, but at the core, your mind.A great work, exciting to read and full chilling insights. It is more pertinent today than ever.  I highly recommend it."
"The 'big brother' world of 1984 as imagined by George Orwell has only become more frightening with the passage of time. The Patriot Act, Guantanamo Bay, and the erosion of privacy in the last 10 years have all smacked of totalitarianism of the ilk presented in this science fiction classic. It's not very hard to foresee the logical conclusions of sacrificing freedom for safety. Benjamin Franklin said it best:""Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both.""Politics aside, this is a book that has aged gracefully thanks to its excellent prose and themes that are as salient today as they were post WWII. This is a novel that still stands as one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written. Should be required reading in High Schools everywhere."
"I am a big fan of science fiction. This book might be classified as such, as it was written to be set in the future when George Orwell published it in 1949. But as time passes, this book is showing itself to not be so much of a story as it is a warning. There are already so many phrases from the book that we use, like Big Brother or Newspeak. And the way some governments are now does not bode well. This is a classic novel that more people should read as a warning, so that we can avoid this kind of dystopia."
"The more I have been following events relating to the election of Barack H Obama, the more I see 1984 as becoming a very real possibility, but from a leftwing standpoint this time."
Found this to be somewhat appropo for the times in which we live.  A stark warning of things to come.
This is an excellent book for young people. It's easy to read and understand and will speak directly to their disaffection for society.
"Only four years after his critically acclaimed Animal Farm, George Orwell came back with another masterpiece in the form of Nineteen Eighty Four. Orwell, a British author, is known for his hatred and disgust towards a totalitarian society and social injustice. This novel clearly demonstrates the impurities and chaos that are brought about by such a dystopian society.The story follows the life of Winston Smith, a state worker who has much secret hatred towards the ""Big Brother Society."" In the world in which he lives, citizens are forced to follow the strict rules of the society. Their state, Oceania, is constantly monitored by the government and by Big Brother, their ""great"" ruler. In this totalitarian state, the ruler controls all of the actions of his people and even their minds. He does much of this through propaganda and slogans such as the now famous, ""Big Brother is watching you"" (3).  The rulers also are trying to dispose of all unneeded words in order to get rid of all unorthodox thought. Winston Smith is one of the very few who secretly rejects the society and its laws. He believes that he should live his life in a more free way because the end of his life is approaching soon. As a result, Winston has a surreptitious, illegal relationship with a co-worker, Julia. This is a large step for Winston because he knows what he is doing is a great offense, but he does feel very comfortable and safe when he is with her.  For example, he states ""...as they were actually in this room, they both felt, no harm could come to them"" (152). Winston's life goes from good to horrible very quickly, and he is forced to live out the rest of his existence in physical and emotional pain.The novel mocks the greed, selfishness, and utter craziness that an unstable government can cause if poorly run. Orwell shows through the odd and hectic life of Winston Smith. He grabs the reader's attention with Winston's secretive and mischievous acts. He describes the instability and corruption of a government at its worst. With Oceania being contently at war, one can recognize that the governments are constantly corrupt and the concept of having this ""Big Brother"" always watching over the citizens illustrates how the government has an unreasonable belief that citizens will rebel. After reading George Orwell's masterpiece, I believe that ""Big Brother"" culture is not as far fetched as I originally judged. Orwell's story completely changed the way I look at how a government can be run and makes me rethink how our country is being run now. Just a few bad decisions can cause chaos."
"I first read this book 30 years ago and I was certain that it explained much in American politics at that time.  As I read it today, I see that it still explains much of American politics, but, it also explains much of politics of nations throughout the world and is fully consistent with much of the more cynical writings of political philosophy over the years, such as Machievelli.  This is a fantastic story that is VERY easy to read, get involved in, relate to the main character, and find oneself caught in the truth of versus the appearance of reality.  Excellent!!!  A+"
"the product was delivered in a timely fashion and was in the ""as-stated"" condition. it was used but the book was still in tact with no damage. highly recommend seller to any potential buyers"
"Every American should read this book! It deeply touches the mind and heart! - Levin is brilliant! This book is well worth the money it costs, and worth the time taken to read it! May our liberty and country have long life without tyranny!!!!!!!!Additionally, one can always count on Amazon to be prompt, careful, and considerate for its customers...thank you."
"My mom loved it, the everything in the transaction went well also.  Thank you!"
"George Orwell's futuristic novel is one of those books that will change your life.  I read 1984 probably 30 years ago and still, almost not a day goes by where I don't think about it.  You will never consider language just a form of communication ever again.  It should be required reading for every student."
"Just so you know, the Penguin Readers series was created for readers whose whose first language is not English (ESL students) and for young readers.  Don't expect the full version.  These are great books for ESL students and I have my students read them.  Level 4 is approximately intermediate level."
"This book was first published in 1949 and it revolves around the story of the struggle of Winston Smith against a totalitarian, oppressive regime. It's as well an essay on the human nature and human condition. It also reminds us that sometimes the cure is worse than the poison. I highly recommended it together with Animal Farm."
1984 is a social commentary on history and the appalling state of public policy and society generally told through a love story that resonates with a deep familiarity for all modern readers.
"George Orwell was way ahead of his time with this book.  It's amazing that in the late 1940's when in the West relatively little was known about the life under communism and it's impact on everyday life, Orwell was able to capture this so brilliantly! However, this book isn't just about communism, but about any social, religious or other structure that is trying to suppress freedom and exert control over human mind.  Still relevant today.Probably the only thing that he did not get right is that he associated communism too closely with the ability to innovate.  When there are no personal rewards and people live in fear, there isn't innovation.  But that's just a side note and it does not take anything away from this brilliant book.It's a timeless classic that has something to say to every generation and should be a required reading.  I highly recommend it."
"I couldn't believe myself when I saw this book. Top quality, for such a nominal price. I prefer hardbounds to paperback, and this book for sure is an exception to the fact that hardbound books are grossly costly.I definitely recommend this product!"
"Orwell displays brilliance at every turn in this acclaimed work.  The depth of social commentary, non-stop plot, rich characters and fluid sytle make this a classic in every sense.  The aventures of Winston Smith, the main character, provide incisive, memorable insights into the nautre of human affairs.  This book deserves all the praise it has received over the years.  Highly recommended."
"Twisted view of a future world, even more creepy looking at it from a time 20 years after this imaginary future... it is interesting to compare and contrast this book with reality..."
"1984 is the kind of book that I admire more than like. I admire Orwell for how detailed and believable the world he builds is. For his efforts to set a dark and unsettling mood and for his detailed analysis of its politics.The reasons I don't like it as much as so many other people? Well, it didn't do anything for me. I couldn't relate or feel anything for the characters. I didn't find the story haunting or particularly appealing. It didn't even make me think, when I was reading books like Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 or Camus' The Fall I had to close every few pages to think about it, because I couldn't hold my thoughts back, with 1984 this didn't happen at all.Reading it's a subjective experience, no matter how good a book is, if you don't feel anything as a result of reading it, why then give it a high rating?I wish I'd liked it better, or at least spotted any major reason for my dislike, but I didn't."
The views expressed in the book 1984 are very unique and yet still relate to today.  The story shown in the book accurately portrays the needs of the people and how they will never be met in the face of an oppressive government.  It paints a clear yet disturbing picture that must be experienced.  Very good read.
"""1984"" is George Orwell's warning of the dangers of a totalitarian society. The main character in the novel, Winston Smith, is a low-ranking member of the ruling Party in the country of Oceania. Winston and his fellow citizens are monitored everywhere they go, even in their own homes. Party members spy on everyone using ever-present telescreens, and pictures of ""Big Brother,"" the Party's leader, are on display everywhere. The Party's main goal is to eliminate all forms of individual thought, which can lead to rebellion. In order to do that, the language of Newspeak is being integrated into society in hopes of eliminating 80% of all words and thus reducing the chances of a revolt. Sex is also another aspect of life considered taboo by the Party, and Winston eventually begins an affair with a woman named Julia with full knowledge of the fact that if they get caught, they could both be killed by the government. Winston ultimately finds himself fighting a dangerous battle with the Party, and it's a fight he cannot possibly hope to win.This novel is as powerful now as it was when it was written in the late 1940s. Orwell's commentary about the dangers of totalitarianism coupled with an analysis of the powers of psychological manipulation are truly frightening. I can't say that this book is enjoyable to read because the subject matter is very disturbing, but ""1984"" is a well-crafted and thought-provoking book that should be ready by everyone."
"Put simply this is the greatest work of dystopian literature ever created. It's not filled with useless details like Atlas Shrugged and is more vivid than anything Huxley or London have ever created.Nineteen Eighty- Four shows the ultimate consequences of government intervention into the individual's life. The book takes place in a totalitarian state called Oceania where even the thoughts of the citizens are controlled and punished by the ruling party.Follow the life of Winston Smith, a mal adjusted government propagandaist, as he struggles to keep his mind, body and soul free for the death grip of the all encompassing state.A must read for all who value individuality, liberty and non-comformity.Come and discover why Orwell is one of the most influential and referenced author of the last century."
"This has to be one of the most important books in the modern era, never has a book changed the way I viewed government, and society as this book has. You'll be reflecting upon this book for days and even well after."
"The power of 1984 lies in its author's uncanny prescience.  The ordeal of protagonist Winston Smith is similar to that which many Americans are experiencing today, through the gradual erosion of personal liberties and the creeping intrusiveness of government.  The most chilling aspects of the novel concern not its depiction of graphic torture, but rather its treatment of its fictional media, which distorts reality at whim to suit the aims of Big Brother.  The extent to which betrayal by government plays a part in the story should also be haunting for today's citizens.  These maladies are too eerily close to what is happening today in America, as media spin distorts every story out of control and politicians are making themselves more impossible to trust every day.  That George Orwell foresaw so many decades ago the rise of leaders like George Bush and Dick Cheney truly testifies to his sagacity, just as the story's power to transfix and haunt modern readers testifies to his brilliance as a storyteller."
Was expecting full version and had to send it back. Was charged more for shipping then what I paid for book
"Orwell was a pioneer in this form of literature. His insight into a ""possible"" future held more accuracy than I'm sure even he imagined.The book is a struggle of man vs. ministry. How far will the few in positions of power go to improve their personal ideals in the guise of overall social improvement?I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys dark themes. The ending had me in tears."
"Orwell's ""1984"" is a novel that is truly frightening for those who cherish free expression and the power of individual thought. Dystopia literature owes it all to this classic of the genre. I managed to get through all my formal education without having read this text. However, picking it up now I am glad that I waited until I was a little older to read it.The first thing one must marvel at is the brilliant construction of the novel. Orwell as an artist is at the top of his form and the structure of the novel is wound so tightly that readers would be wise to annotate the text as there is an almost cyclical nature to many of the themes and ideas presented. Orwell weaves the same ideas throughout the text, and each time he revisits them he shows them through the lenses of a different ideology or character and thus emphasizes for the reader how precarious (and precious) are the mores and ideals of the individual mind. The idea of governments who yearn for power for power's sake is not so foreign to our early 21st century world, and although the text ends on a nihilistic note, the reader walks away from ""1984"" with the renewed impetus to revere and respect our individual thoughts, as these, and these alone, give us unique value. Read this text, not so you can fear ""big brother"", but rather so you can be reminded to respect yourself enough  to think and form intellectual thoughts. It is Winston's loss of the self that should frighten the readers of ""1984"", not the dreary world that Orwell creates. We don't need totalitarian governments to become Winston Smiths. We can do it to ourselves if we are not careful!"
"Today's American is mentally incomplete if he/she has not read this book. If you haven't read it, please do so. If you have read it, please read it again. And keep in mind that reading it is not the goal. Knowing it is the goal.The distinction is important because Orwell so masterfully describes the loss of truth, the loss of individuality, the loss of freedom so subtely and so effortlessly, that the crucial points are missed if the reader has a lack of focus.with uncanny brilliance, Orwell describes the tactics used by a totalitarian state against its own people to gain submission and cooperation. The submission is so complete that the proles (the masses) no longer have ownership over their own thought! It is a subtle and painless process and only Alexis De Tocqueville, in his monumental work, ""Democracy in America"" has come close in the past 175 years of describing it, but even Tocqueville admits that he can't give it a name.""In fact there will be no thought...Orthodoxy means not thinking-not needing to think. Orthodoxy is unconsciousness"" writes Owell. Orwell later writes that ""orthodoxy is stupidity"". What the reader needs to understand with this point is that ""orthodoxy"" is the ""news"" we get from our mainstream media, our establishment press. Because our mainstream media is government controlled, as explained in the book: U.S. Television News and Cold War Propaganda, 1947-1960 (Cambridge Studies in the History of Mass Communication), naturally only government orthodoxy will be espoused.In the novel, Orwell writes, ""There is no possibility that any perceptible change will happen within our own lifetime"".There are so many unbelievably essential tactics described in this book that I can't do much justice to them in this review, but the reader needs to connect with Orwell's cleverness and understand how important it is to Big Brother to control the language and rewrite the history, in fact, write the history before it even happens. This, the torture to get confessions, attacking an ally and blaming an enemy (false flag terrorism) is all here and Orwell wrote this masterpiece 60 years ago!This book, Nineteen Eighty-Four, is drawn from heavily in the book, Don't Weep for Me, America: How Democracy in America Became the Prince (While We Slept). Here, the relevancy of ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"" will blow a lot of minds..."
This is an incredible book. I was very impressed with how well it is written and amazed that someone in the mid 40's was able to come up with such futuristic ideas and almost shocked at how much of it pertains to the realities of life. I loved every word of it and was almost sad that it was over.
"This book is an Orwell classic, all about how totalitarian governments were tricking the people, destroying freedom, and ruining the world. The main character is Winston Smith, a disgruntled middle class office worker who secretly harbors a hatred of The Party. The world in which Winston lives is divided into three super states: Oceana, Eurasia, and Eastasia. Winston lives in London, the capital of Oceana, which is ruled by a totalitarian regime known as The Party, and it's leader Big Brother. The Party does not allow any dissent against it and even thinking rebellious thoughts is a crime. They change history to their liking and falsify endless documents to be in their favor. Winston does not know what is true and what is lies. The Party is constantly watching Winston and he must be careful not to give himself away. He eventually starts a love affair with a woman named Julia, who also hates The Party and all that it stands for. They get in touch with an inner party member named O'Brien who claims to be part of a rebel organization known as the Brotherhood. He is actually a party spy and Winston and Julia are eventually arrested. Winston is interrogated and tortured to try and force him to accept the party ideals. Eventually he is subjected to his worst nightmare, having his face eaten by rats. He begs that they do it to Julia instead, breaking his most important promise not to betray her. His soul destroyed, Winston is released. He no longer loves Julia and has learned to love Big Brother and The Party. This book is a very bleak view of what George Orwell saw the world becoming in 1949. Although it is quite disturbing this book makes you think a lot and is very well written. I recommend this if you like other George Orwell books as well as depressing novels."
"I think this is my favorite novel about a dystopia.  So far, I have read ""We"", ""A Handmaid's Tale"", ""Brave New World"", ""Anthem"", and ""A Clockwork Orange"", and though I have thoroughly enjoyed quite a few of the novels that I've listed, 1984 is my absolute favorite.  How is it different?  The main character, Winston, if not entirely likable, is very relatable.  What I like most about him is that he doesn't assume to be anything or know anything, but rather, he feels instinctively that something is wrong with how the world is set up.  He is not especially intelligent (although he's not exactly stupid either) or strong-willed or moral or handsome.  And as if to emphasize Winston's relatable mediocrity, Orwell gave him an exceedingly boring office job!  In some novels about dystopias, the protagonist can be overly heroic (as in Anthem) or tragic (as in a Handmaid's Tale), and thus more admirable but also a lot less relatable.Another thing that is different . . . this book gives you different perspectives.  Orwell's theme of government control over language is pretty common in this genre, but because he took his thesis a little farther than merely saying that government control is bad, the book is an interesting read.  He even gets a little into metaphysics.  As a reader, you also get the perspectives of different characters in the book, and thus, the perspectives of both the government and of rebels.  Often, books in this genre can be very straight-foward, but 1984, with its many twists, is a very worthwhile read."
"I came to 1984 after reading a series of novels by Russian authors about life in Stalingrad during the onslaught by Hitler and then after the cruelty of Stalin. It's easy to see how Orwell extended the grim realities of the concentration camps of Germany and the labor camps of Russia into this dark prophecy. Of course, in many instances his vision has become realized. Big Brother seeks to invade our privacy at every turn via electronic media. Governments pose rhetoric immersed in ""doublespeak"". The Thought Police exist to bully our free expression. Power is exercised by imposing real human suffering upon multitudes. ""The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labour. War is a way of shattering to pieces, or pouring into the stratosphere, or sinking in the depths of the sea, materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable, and hence, in the long run, too intelligent."" Oil comes to mind here. And munitions. And diverse other commodities. In 1984 the war is endless. ""Everywhere there is the same pyramidical structure, the same worship of a semi-divine leader, the same economy existing by and for continuous war."" Sound familiar? The High, or the ""priests of power"" only fall when assaulted by the Middle and usually assisted by the Low classes. Then the Middle becomes the High and oppresses the Low for which change only means a new master. The protagonist, Winston, a ""minority of one"" questions his own sanity but ultimately defends the ""spirit of man"" as a force which cannot be overpowered. In the closing pages we see Orwell's true convictions about the infallible power of Big Brother and the triumph of the human spirit. This dark view has real overtones of Nietzsche and Machiavelli, who wrote with the view of realism based upon the inhumanity they witnessed in their heydays by ""princes"" with the ""will to power"". But the ""spirit of man"" is truly formidable and cannot be overcome, except temporarily, by totalitarian figures and corrupt democracies. The next US national election will be telling about down which road America will travel. 1984 is a cautionary, post-World War II tale but to say it's unrealistically dark and couldn't happen here and now is to overlook eons of history. And to be unconscious of the powers of orthodoxy infringing greedily and corporately upon the spirit of man in our time."
"I won't summarize the story as many other reviews do that. This book was shocking to readers in 1948, but to those of us who have seen the Soviet Union and even modern day America, it is not really shocking. Oceana, in the book, has an exagerated toletarian system similar to Nazi Germany or Soviet Communism, but with the sexual attitude of the Shakers, or some other group that twists Christianity into a miserable heavy-handed religion. Obviously the author was writing based on events in his time. What is amazing is how the goals of the regime in the book have actually been accomplished, and more easily, in American democracy without the heavy handed approach. The approach in the book is unlikely as they limit human sexuality to a level never acheived by puritanism, except for groups like the Shakers, who died out. It is more effective to break down the family the way it has been done in America, through promoting sexual immorality, divorce, abolishing parental rights, and university brainwashing against parental values. Of course this breaks down society as a whole, but passifies the subjects, and the breakdown of America is necessary to establish a world wide form of democratic facism, or, ""the Plan"". The futuristic telescreen, would be called an interactive flatscreen TV in our day. While it has not yet come to pass, fully, the internet does much of the same, where people's movements are being tracked and recorded, largely for market purposes at the present, but aside from entrapping people seeking presently illegal forms of sex, its full potential as a law enforcement tool has not yet been utilized. Large search engines have used it to censor speech and thought in some regions, as well as rewrite the past. New speak would be hard to acheive in a democracy, but schools and the media have attempted the separation of word and thought through programs such as the failed Evonics course in California. Words have lost meaning, such as when my son calls something ""bad"", it can mean good or bad. When he calls something ""sick"", it could also mean he likes it, or he hates it...or both. Double speak is prevaelent, and the thought police exist in the spirit of ""politcal correctness"". An example of double-speak is when President Clinton stated, ""we will re-define the immutable"". Thought crimes are labled as ""hate crimes"" and are being enforced in order to bring harsher justice to enemies of the state. Threats of terrorism are used to convince the populace to eagerly forfeit their freedoms, though the government is doing the same things they always did, the media is publicizing it as something new to make people consciously aware of the activity in order to accept it. The US Constitution is being reinterpreted and called a ""living document"" in order to change it's meaning and use doublespeak. Examples are ""separation of church and state"", a phrase commonly believed to be in the Constitution, but not actually there. The words that are there to prevent government interferance in church affairs, have been twisted to mean the opposite, and is commonly used to erase certain forms of religion (mainly Christianity) from the public sector. The reading of founding documents is forbidden in some state schools due to the mention of God and other ideas which are conflict with the revision of history. Students are also taught that the Pilgrims came to America because they liked to travel, or they wanted gold. The former reasons of fleeing religious persecution and freedom are no longer historical fact as it would interfere with the forthcoming persecution. Another example is the supreme court ruling which supports the confiscation of land by a government body if it can be sold to a source offering higher tax revenues, something clearly forbidden by our founding fathers. In the book there was one party. In America, it is limited to 2, but they are much the same, but appear to argue over inflamatory issues to create the illusion of difference. One example is abortion, which the balance of the Supreme Court comes close to tipping to make illegal, but never quite makes it. The next presidential election is planned to ensure that, regardless of which party wins, or is planned to win. Abortion, being a symptom of a greater cause, keeps people focused on it's own battle, thus preventing them from interfering with the root of the cause which is part of the Plan. In reality, secret agendas are co-operated on by both parties, such as de-industrialization of America for personal profit and the Plan, and the formation af an American Union. Not even the media is allowed in on such negotiations, and the lawmaking procedures are bypassed. Science is allowed, but thought in the scienific community is one of the most strictly controlled, comparable perhaps to the Catholic Church during the days of the inquisition, though penalties are limited to ruining ones career, rather than martyring them. A specific scientific theory of origin, not proposed by a scientist, but a bitter son of a clergyman, is taught as fact, not theory, and increasing scientific evidence against the theory or its obvious flaws, and equally or more viable scientific theories are forbidden for discussion, and lawsuits and severe punishment awaits any state school teacher who disobeys this order. No questioning or free thinking is allowed in this area, as it is considered almost as a blasphemy towards the unofficial state religion of Humanism. This theory is also the basis for racism and ethnic cleansing, and has been the foundation for more death in the world than any other religious dogma. While racism is not tolerted in the realm of political correctness, the concept of different races despite genetic proof of only one human race is supported by all government forms asking which race you identify with. This is because there are many in power who secretly benefit from racism and cultural divisions. While Christianity is forbidden in the state schools, Islam is tolerated and often promoted. It is unclear if this is out of fear, or part of a larger plan, when that religion will replace the vacuum created by the elimination of Christian thought and freedom. An interesting perspective is the essay ""Will Islam Be Our Future"" by Joel Richardson. Thought crimes today also prohibit the distribution of medical literature published by organizations such as the AMA warning agianst the consequences of practicing certain unsafe or deviant sexual behaviors. In fact, such activity is being taught and encouraged to young school children, and parents can face stiff penalties for interfering with such doctrine. While most Americans once believed the government should keep out of the bedroom, the liberal proponents of these practices will themselves be eliminated after they help to usher in the next phase in the Plan, where human sexuality and the role of women are strictly controlled by the Government. This will precede the third phase where a world leader will come into absolute power. The Mhadi, caliphate, Anti-Christ, the name varies depending on the religion. The transformation of American state run achools from among the best, to among the worse in developing nations, is largely due to the emphasis taken away from acedemics in favor of social engineering this will ensure the weekening of America in order to balance power and bring about the results of the Plan. The way things are brought about in 1984 cannot happen, as human nature will not allow it. The failure of the Soviet Union is an example. It is much easier to manipulate people theough false religion. People will get tired of a political system, but will die for religon. America is unique as it was founded on true ""religion"", though false notions have tainted it with evils such as slavery, but true freedom can only survive with true Judeo-Christian values, history has proved, and is proving this point before our eyes today. While history may have been colored in the past, it is being changed in today's books, just like in Oceana..."
"This book is one of my favorite books of all time. Several interesting twists, with a bitter, ironic ending. A great example of a ""negative utopia"" novel. It's message holds true to this day"
"Not only is this an unforgettably great story, it's also a presented here beautifully.I had somehow reached the age of 28 without having ever read 1984, and I was struck by not only how poignant the world of Orwell's 1984 is today, but just how gripping the story of Winston Smith is.  Orwell's style here is compassionate in its matter-of-factness and poetic in its rigidity, which could not be more fitting for the classic tale of Big Brother, Newspeak, and the Thought Police.A surprise for me was not only how brutal Orwell can be, but also the level of humor present in this text - dark humor, to be sure, but comedy nonetheless.  This, again, is very befitting of the famous context in which the narrative is set.  In oppressive times, laughter is one of the best defenses we have, and it can sometimes be surprising what seems humorous when we take a step back from the situation.As mentioned, the presentation here is beautiful.  This ""centennial edition"" by Plume (a division of Penguin Books) is a facsimile of 1984 as it was published in it first edition.  The ""aged"" look fools the reader into thinking they are handling an old and dear text.  The paper quality of  both the cover and the pages is excellent as well.  Also included is an excellent new introduction by Thomas Pynchon.All in all, a very rewarding literary experience.  I can't recommend it highly enough!"
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston smith1984"
"1984 / 0-679-41739-7Painful, frightening, horrific. What do you do in a world where your every movement, every gesture is watched carefully by the government? How do you live in a world where even the slightest departure from complete conformity will result in torture, dismemberment, death? What hope can you have in a world where there is no escape - there is no free travel, and nowhere to flee to since all governments are the same? You cannot even take the step of ending your own life, as the government which cannot supply the country with enough food, shoes, or clothes also fails to supply its citizenry with razor blades.""1984"" paints a picture bleak and terrifying, of a government that terrorizes its populace into quiescence, and of a populace that is too fearful, too hungry, and too uneducated to attempt the mass uprising that might save them. In a world where children are taught to spy on their parents and turn them into the police for the most minor (or imagined) of crimes, there can be no love, no one worth fighting for or protecting. How does it all end? Orwell doesn't believe that it can end - ""1984"" is a reminder for eternal vigilance against an impossible enemy: ourselves.~ Ana Mardoll"
"It is truly amazing to look at the fantastic writing minds of our grandparents' time. Post-WWII fever hung over the population and many were clueless, or even fearful for not knowing what lie before them. And, unlike many, George Orwell was a man who was not afraid to show what he interpreted as a possible future for not only our country, but the entire world.In his novel, 1984, Orwell crafted a post-apocalyptic world in which the planet's powers had been divided into three portions; Oceania, which consisted of the Americas, Eurasia, comprised continental Europe and northern Asia, and Eastasia, which, as its title implies, covered most of the eastern Asian continent.The story follows the life of a middle aged man named Winston Smith, another Drone of Eurasia's Main power, The conspicuous Party, whose god-like leader and people-worshiped Big Brother, control everyday life.Except for the homes the proles, who are sort of like peasants, every room is garmented with a Telescreen, a sort of T.V. which can never be turned off or muted. Unfortunately, it can also see and hear everything going on in the room.Most standard crime has been wiped out due to massive military force, and so the party, in its never ending search for power, falls upon people with psychic powers to detect felonous thoughts in people. These psychics are known as the thought police, and constantly track down and ""delete"" people who are convicted of crimethink (a word from Eurasia's new national language, called Newspeak).Our ""hero"", Winston's job is to help the party erase any evidence of their saying or doing anything wrong, to control their people's minds andopinions of the party. Ultimately, they are ""Censoring the past"". One day the country could be at war with Eastasia, the next, Eurasia, and the entire populace would accept that they had always been at war with Eurasia, and any thoughts otherwise was crimethink.Winston, unhappy with this life and detesting the party, secretly purchases a pen and diary, the use of both have been outlawed for some time. This is simply the beginning in a long string of rebellion, love, and unanswered questions that keep this book in your mind whenever you are not reading it.This is one of the most fantastic sci-fi novel experiences I have ever had, and while particular sections of the book can drag on for far too long, the character depth and plot more than makes up for it. Anyone who wishes to deny this book as a classic great has not the brains to understand it, and therefore cannot accurately judge its prowess."
"First off, this book is incredible. At 13 years old, I didn't understand every aspect of it, but in a whole, everything made perfect, clear sense.I'm very interested in socialist governments(no, I don't like communist views; I'm a die-hard patriot at 13!), and I consider myself well-informed on up-to-date politics and such. And so, upon reading this book which was recommended to me by one of my teachers, I was horrified at the resemblances that Oceania and the direction our government is headed shared. The foresight of Orwell was shocking, and he kept the book very interesting.But a good portion of the middle was....awkward. Like, mature-content awkward (most teachers gave me girl-are-you-crazy? looks when they saw I was reading it. Later, I realized why). I almost didn't finish the book, but knowing its importance to my knowledge, I finished it. I definitely do not recommend it to anyone my age....-shudders-But its imperative that we as Americans read it. Remembering the mistakes of the past (and, in this case, the future) is imperative to keeping our nation a democracy. If we heed most of Orwell's warnings, we will be better equipped to save the future, and in doing so saving the past."
"""1984"" is a haunting look into a post Nuclear War world where all world governments have evolved into all-seeing, all knowing, ruthless police states constantly at war. It is a very worthwhile read for all of us now in the post-industrial/nuclear era. Whether humanity is capable of degrading to and sustaining such a system is hard to know, but as Walter Cronkite explains in the forward, this book is a warning about what we may be capable of allowing if we are not vigilant in defense of our liberties and human, not mechanized, way of life. Written from the first person perspective, the reader bonds with Winston Smith, a likable and familiar fellow to any reader. We experience the terror and fear omnipresent in his society and join him as he begins to question the Party. The ""Telescreen,"" the infamous device in every party member's home that both broadcasts the party line and watches the residents is a pessimistic preview of what our broadbanded, HD media devices could become."
"George Orwell, in his book ""1984"", writes of a future dystopian society where the governments of a few nations maintain control of the world by keeping their inhabitants in submission and fear.Like in his earlier work ""Animal Farm"", Orwell is making a pointed attack against the Soviet Union and communism.  However, Orwell's work is more importantly a powerful depiction of the power and danger of an unchecked government.  He grimly depicts the psychological, economic, technological, and other weapons a government has at its disposal against its people.I recommend this book highly to everyone; I would even say that it is a must read.  The writing is not difficult to understand, however, the political concepts are better appreciated with first hand experience and interaction with government and its potential for power abuse.  I first read ""1984"" as a sophomore in high school and did not fully comprehend the books meaning.  The book is even more valuable as a comparison to modern day political events."
"1984 is a great novel, even for the casual reader.  What I think is terrifying is that it is possible in our time.  Big brother could be watching (wiretaps with no court order) and if you don't share his view you might end up in room 101 (Guantanamo) as an ""enemy combatant"" with no rights.It's a telling story about control and fabrication of information, fear mongering and make believe triumphs (top secret documents, proof of wmd, color label terror alerts, mission accomplished) sounds ridiculous - or maybe not."
"I highly recomend this book because its interesting and it relates to real life. I find that interesting that the government is always watching, I always felt like someone somewhere always knows what you are up to 24 hours a day. Hopefully the terminator doesn't see everything like when we go to the bathroom or that would just be mest up.This book changed me a little bit, now i think twice before doing stupid stuff because I know someone out there might be watching and I might get in trouble. It doesn't have to be the government, the popo can be watching you from far away and you think he is probably not watching and 5 minutes later after you did the dumb thing, your screwed and you will get in trouble with the law.I highly recommend this book because it will change your view on the goverment, and on the world we live in now."
"I did not personally choose to read 1984 and at first had I no interest whatsoever, however that quickly changed when I got past the peculiar lingo of ""newspeak"" (annoyed me that I had to keep jumping to the back of the book for the meanings). Orwell intrigued me with his descriptive writing and caused me to hang on his every word as Wilson Smith, the main character, went about his life in a supposed Utopia. The fact that Big Brother, an unknown and possibly inexistent force, has so much control over this world. At first I was skeptic as to how on point Orwell would be predicting what may occur in the future but he was somewhat dead on. The entire movement of ""The Party"" seemed like modern day communism - everyone was referred to as comrade and no one had any say and couldn't even think negatively about anything that may have seemed wrong in society, for the thought police would get you. No one was treated better nor worse except if you were a traitor, then you were VAPORIZED!!!! As funny as it may sound, If Orwell had used actual countries, I would of thought it was factual, rather than some prophetic vision.One of my favorite scenes in 1984 was when Julia, Wilson's lover, came back from a proletarian quarter of the town wearing make-up and speaking of wearing a womans frock. I reminded me of a scene out of Pleasantville. She was only person with rouge cheeks and deeply reddened lips and make-up dabbed here and there, she stood out like a sore thumb.The importance of castes and war, erasing the past and replacing it with falsified information, hiding from the authorities, and only feeling safe when the lights are out; Orwell makes you wonder if theses rules still  apply in modern time.I suggest more people read this or any other by George Orwell, I plan on reading Animal Farm next."
"The book itself is quite great. I'll spare you all the trouble of another plot synopsis or critique.  My one problem is that the OCR for this edition looks like it was done by an infant.  There are consistent errors that one sees in OCR, the becomes die, time becomes tune, periods are missed, etc.  I paid money for this book, and I didn't expect it to have so may typographical errors."
"Unlike a lot of people who were told to read this in High School, I didn't learn of it until a few brief years ago.  I'd heard of it, but didn't really ""get"" why so many people were blown away by it.  Then I read it and have since made it a point to get my hands on everything this man had ever written!  George Orwell was no doubt a genius, visionary, prophet and a definite priceless gift to all of humanity.  1984 written in the late 1940's, (I see 1949 in my book, but I don't want to nail down a date as there have been reprints),  someone else here has stated 1948 which if so, is still incredibly beyond remarkable because what he describes is something that sounds so much like the world we currently live in today, and the potential for it to be this world which he describes?  Well, unfortunately the means are in fact all present now.  We can be observed pretty much around the clock from when we leave our homes until we arrive.  With what can be done with cell phones, GPS etc but I won't go into what should already be quite obvious to all.  The fact of the matter is he foretold with pin point accuracy just how things could be and the frightening thing is many of these things are in my opinion in affect.  New Speak, Thought Police, War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength, Big Brother and countless other things he writes about ring with such an eery realness one has to wonder if he time traveled into our present day and perhaps slightly beyond and then returned to his time to write about it to truly warn us what was at stake.  I won't tell the story, as George does that exceptionally well to the point where you feel as if you are seeing this ""World"" he paints through the eyes of the main character ""Winston"".So much so that even though it was written years ago, it reads as if in many cases it could have been written today, or yesterday.  Like Gene Rodenbury's Star Trek, George Orwell's 1984 is definitely light years ahead of its time.  I don't think this book can be recommended highly enough to those who have not yet read it.  Nor do five stars even remotely come close to giving this Master Piece it's due credit.  Your Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak"
"I have read Animal Farm before this one, and enjoyed it greatly. I was not disappointed by this book, despite my expectations being high. He presents quite an intriguing idea of a 1984 deprived of basic freedoms and livestyle that was very perceivable in the depths of 1948.That being said, the Kindle edition needs to be checked for continuity errors and proofread for spelling, grammatical, and punctuational errors."
"Brilliant literature!I recommend all books by this author.I also love the fact that the publisher, 1stWorld Library has made the text slightly larger which is a blessing for my thirty-something eyes. Great job. I have dozens of books by this publisher.The Second DeclarationEvery Day A Miracle Happens"
"Sorry if I contribute to lowering the score for this classic, but although the main idea is good, the writing is simplistic (reads like a book for teenagers) and the story and characters lack depth and are quite boring.I guess I'm disappointed that Orwell didn't do a better job with such a brilliant idea... The only part that was really interesting to me is when his main character, Winston, is reading from the ""prohibited"" book. In this section, Orwell essentially details the philosophy of the party leaders, and that's a very stimulating read. But apart from this segment, the story is mostly pointless."
"This is the first time I have ordered a book online and was a little hesitant due to time restraints. My daughter needed George Orwell's 1984 for school and being unable to find it in a local bookstore, we tried ordering it off the internet. Supposedly delivery was delayed and we began to wonder if it would get here within 10 days for her deadline. The book arrived in 3 days in new condition and saved the day!"
I bought it and read it.  Orwell does create a pretty horrifying world but I felt he spent a bit too much time on the exposition.  I did stay hooked though because I wanted to know why would this government do this to its people and I think I got a bit of an anticlimactic but realistic answer.
"Discomfiting, penetrating, imaginative, and very grey, this book deserves its fame not for elegance of prose (it is only adequately written) nor for an interesting plot (not much happens, at least as novels usually go), but for its indelible, devastating portrait of human degradation and its far-fetched-yet-just-around-the-corner description of the hows and whys of totalitarian power.  A dramatic, illuminating read."
"I just read this for the first time at 28. Wow, what an eye opener. The things Orwell predicted in 1984, such as the technology, is amazing considering how long ago it was written. The politics are messed up by current standards, but frighteningly possible. The tense mood of the book draws you in, and there are moments (especially near the end) that would be truly terrifying to experience. The chapter with ""Room 101"" I read with a shudder.The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it bogs down a few times. I understand that this is to explain the world and how such a horrific existence came to be, but a slow start to any book is rather annoying."
"It really doesn't make much sense to review a classic. I wish we continue to maintain a critical mass of people who read this book at least once. The words ""orwellian"" and ""doublespeak"" should never leave our lexicon. We already have department of ""defence"", if our kids don't discover or forget this book, the ministry of love will follow."
This should me a must read for everyone.  It will make you think twice about things that go on in our government and those around the world.
"Often cited by many as a central text in the fashion of twentieth-century dystopias, 1984 remains a classic in spite of its inextricable connection to Soviet-style communism.  While the work does not have the sociological poignancy of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451, 1984 does remain a telling oracle of the psychological tendencies which could destroy the human soul even in the post-Soviet world.  While the text only cursorily treats the rise of the zeitgeist, one can easily glean several dangers which are oracularly pronounced by the narrative.First of all (and most obviously), there is the danger of a lack of human questioning which, given enough coaxing and time, can render man nearly impervious to the spirit of questioning which is necessary to prevent the enslavement of man.  While this condition is basically taken a priori by Orwell as a setting for his work, this is the closest point of contact between 1984 Bradbury's aforementioned work.  Additionally, the psychological ramifications of breaking free from such thralldom take two distinct paths, that of hope for change (even if that becomes somewhat mitigated into the hope for change in an indistinct future) and one of self-indulgence in the midst of an unchangeable zeitgeist.  These, coupled with the final realization of hope which is found (albeit meekly) in the lower, ignored (and therefore free) class, are the true content of 1984.While the text is markedly tied to the state of affairs found in a state of established Soviet-style communism, it also narrates the psychological situations (and outer-methods of psychological suppression and control) which still remain poignant to a Western society which is on the brink of destroying its own notion of liberty.  For this reason, I can easily overcome the misgivings which I have for the text's nearly direct connection to already-dead Soviet Union.  The message does indeed exist beyond that historical fact and therefore comes with my personal recommendation."
"This book is the most amazing, influential, disturbing, wonderful, and sickening, nightmarish, fantastic book I have ever read in my life.Don't read this review. Read the book. now, by whatever means."
"1984 is one of the best novels ever written in English. The dismal world of the ""future"" presented here is beyond belief but also seems within reach. Although it may seem to be a warning against communism (some of the elements are found in A Darkness at Noon - a true critique of the pogroms of Stalin), it is in fact a warning against excess that can occur in any government system.The foreward by T. Pynchon provides some insights, especially about the last chapter on newspeak, but be warned that it does provide spoilers."
"I enjoyed this book back in 1984 when I 'HAD' to read it for a class project.  I enjoyed the book then more as a work of science fiction.  I just got a kindle and decided to re-read some older books that I had not purchased due to limited shelf space.Now that I read this book, I am struck by the warnings of what can come out of too much control in the hands of the few.  One passage that really had me floored was...""...in the general hardening of outlook that set in about ...practices that had been long abandoned... imprisonment without trial...the use of torture to extract confessions... not only became common again, but were tolerated and even defended by people who considered themselves enlighted and progressive.""This written almost 60 years ago!  This book is a must read as the messages are just as relevent today."
"1984 is without a doubt one of the best books ever written.  It shows the reader the consequences of having an authorative government going to the extremes in controlling the thoughts and actions of its citizens.  1984 also brings up in interesting idea about the reasons for wars. According to Orwell, wars are fought not to gain territory but to get rid of the excess of material and wealth the citizens create. Another way to look at the book is to take our contempary setting of today and see what would happen if people didnt stand up for their rights and beliefs and laid all their trusts and fears upon their government."
"As hard as it is to say what the single best of most anything is, George Orwell's 1984 comes as close to that title as any I can think of. The vision he presents is so engrossing that one is left haunted. He gives the world he envisions such texture and reality that it almost becomes real. There is a reason this book is referred to so often: it represents many of our worst possible fears. The complete control over every facet of existence wielded by Big Brother over Winston and the rest of the polity is so frightening that the images conjured by this book are used even in contemporary politics."
"George Orwell's, ""1984"", is a classic and detailed adventure that will leave you asking for more. The story is set in London where Winston, the main character, works for big brother. But he soon finds himself questioning Big Brother and how he works. For a while Winston tried to blend in with the crowd and not really stand out. But when Winston starts to remember his childhood, he begins to question Big Brother. Winston soon finds himself wondering what life was like before big brother. But unless he takes a real chance, he has no way of changing anything. One flaw I found with the book was its detail. I like a lot of detail, but this book overdid it. I would soon found myself thinking about other things and not the book."
"George Orwell's depressing look into the future is more possible today than it has ever been. Winston Smith, the book's main character, is continually watched by Big Brother, the face of the government he despises. War is continuous, love is outlawed, and Big Brother is religion.Winston Smith, a worker for the Ministry of Truth (or Minitruth in newspeak), goes to work everyday and falsifies records to make it look like Big Brother is always right. There are other ministries with names that contradict what they do. The Ministry of Peace (Minipax) deals with war. The Ministry of Love (Miniluv) deals with hate. Citizens are brainwashed not to notice what is going on. If they do, the government of Oceania wipes them out. Cameras are everywhere, microphones are everywhere, and spies are everywhere. George Orwell tells his tale in a way that makes it seem real, and in a while it very well may be.1984 not only gives an insight on what the government could be like, but the book is full of deceptive and interesting characters. Winston acts like Big Brother is god, but he really loathes him. Julia wears a belt that symbolizes chastity, but she sleeps with members of the Party. O'Brien is a member of the elite Inner Party, the group that controls Oceania, but he acts as though he is in cahoots with Goldstein, the enemy of Oceania. There are also plot twists and symbols in this book that make it even more interesting. This book is a must-read for anyone that cares about the future."
"There are alot of idiots floating around out there that don't see the potential pitfalls of giving the Federal government expanded powers. If you are one of these folks, please read this book. The work is relatively short but the lesson that it gives is powerful. I believe it was Benjamin Franklin who said this but I believe it encapsulates every being of this book ""people willing to trade their freedom for temporary security deserve neither and will lose both"""
"I don't think I will ever get over the fact that this book is so accurate about the future. This author is a genius, and it's a timeless novel that every person needs to read"
"I read this book because I was growing weary of my own ignorance.  One-too-many references to Big Brother amid the post-911 proliferation of video cameras, wire-tapping, and concern about government intrusions into private life pushed me to question my own cultural literacy (thanks to author E.D. Hirsch, Jr. here).  My job also sent me to southern Sudan in 2007, during which a colleague noted that I would need to visit a rather remote ""Orwellian province"".  It turns out that province is called Unity State.  After reading 1984, I get his drift.It also occurred to me that the TV phenomenon Big Brother was likely produced by staffers who found themselves in their teens or early adulthood during 1984, while the audience to whom it caters may largely have been born well after that year.  Given a generation who knows Big Brother not as the incarnation of thinly veiled government despotism but as the product of CBS Prime Time, there was reason to question more than my own cultural literacy.  But what, or whom, we really need to discuss is Winston Smith.Best I can tell, Winston Smith is me.  Modern man; modern society but faced with the reality that government had morphed into political, economic, sociological, technological, and intellectual fiat - its greatest coup perhaps being the subtle control of free thinking.  By changing content of archival media, limiting contact with others, or simply eliminating those who dare _remember_, all that matters is current perception, regardless of logical inconsistency.  And if this is achieved, then Smith's government (for lack of a better term) is, and always has been, right and just.  For if you never learned (or never remember learning) that 2 + 2 = 4, then 2 + 2 = 5 seems quite plausible.The problem is that Smith dares to remember - dares to become conscious that another manner of thinking exists beyond the required and ubiquitous application of Doublethink, which he describes as follows:  ""To know and not to know, to be conscious of complete truthfulness while telling carefully constructed lies, to hold simultaneously two opinions which cancelled out, knowing them to be contradictory and believing in both of them, to use logic against logic, to repudiate morality while laying claim to it, to believe that democracy was impossible and that the Party was the guardian of democracy, to forget, whatever it was necessary to forget, then to draw it back into memory again at the moment when it was needed, and then promptly to forget it again, and above all, to apply the same process to the process itself - that was the ultimate subtlety: consciously to induce unconsciousness, and then, once again, to become unconscious of the act of hypnosis you had just performed.""As the book opens, Smith fails to ""consciously induce unconsciousness"", the mere act of which is considered a crime - Thoughtcrime, to be precise.  The sort of awareness with which he is left can culminate in nothing other than action, and action which can culminate in nothing other than death.  ""He was already dead, he reflected.  It seemed to him that it was only now, when he had begun to be able to formulate his thoughts, that he had taken the decisive step.  The consequences of every act are included in the act itself.  He wrote, 'Thoughtcrime does not entail death: Thoughtcrime IS death.'  Now that he had recognized himself as a dead man it became important to stay alive as long as possible.""This book is compelling because of the pains Orwell has taken to conceptualize a world in which government has conquered thought life as the last bastion of liberty.  Once memory and perception is controlled, what better way to direct the mindless fervor of the masses than to create focal personifications for polarizing emotions:  one to love (Big Brother) and one to hate (Emmanuel Goldstein).  As such, manipulated thought can become concentrated action with the purpose of maintaining the entire regime in perpetuity.It almost seems as if Orwell is trying to answer the question, ""How bad could it (government) get?"" to which it is tempting to reply, ""How realistic is his answer?"" Because so many of us, so many Winston Smiths, have seen smatterings of Orwell's answer in recent developments, there is good reason to be guarded and better reason to be proactive in the defense of intellectual freedom.  Looking at the China, Burma, North Korea, and even western democracies of our day, it is easy to see hints of Doublethink and more overt evidence of a paralyzing fear of independent thought.  But there is little reason to suspect that government can achieve a more frightening end: that of transforming the essence of humankind. Yet this is precisely where Orwell takes the reader.  Smith's nemesis O'Brien notes, ""The command of the totalitarians was 'Thou shalt.' Our command is 'Thou art.'""  While this book is an excellent call to political and intellectual vigilance, the day government controls our essence as humans is the day government merits consideration as deity.  Until then, I remain thankful for my ability to think otherwise."
"Anyone familiar with the lives of the Russian people under Stalin and his GULAG (Main Camp Administration) system will notice the many parallels between it and a lot of the goings on in the novel 1984. The story within the story is that of one man, 39-year-old Winston Smith, who works at the Ministry of Truth in London, the chief city of Airstrip One [England], which is (p 5) ""the third most populous of the provinces of Oceania."" The party's slogans: ""War is Peace,"" ""Freedom is Slavery,"" and ""Ignorance is Strength,"" make it easy to accept the fact that Smith's job at the Ministry of Truth involves telling lies. More specifically, his job is to edit previously published official documents such that the ""facts"" du jour spewed by the government are shown to have been correctly predicted, (p 42) ""Day by day and almost minute by minute the past was brought up to date."" As Winston thought of it (p 43) ""It was merely the substitution of one piece of nonsense for another."" Each time the country's war opponent changes, Smith's job becomes especially busy modifying documents to show that the country has ALWAYS been at war with Eastasia and allied with Eurasia. Oceania's opponent and ally alternated regularly, but everyone is expected to unquestioningly believe otherwise. Smith meets and falls in love with a 26-year-old seemingly hard-core party member who, in fact, despises the party but has perfected the part of rabid party member to hide her true feelings. Outside the small world that is their relationship is the larger world of the all-powerful government, especially Big Brother, shown as an enormous face with a heavy moustache (Stalin?) on posters proclaiming, Big Brother is Watching You. Citizens are constantly being monitored by cameras and microphones as well as by their ""comrades,"" acquaintances and even family members. Everyone has a telescreen, which is always turned on since it can't be turned off. As expected, the couple is eventually caught. And Smith is tortured and starved before it's all over. The novel 1984 is an exceptional book about, among other things, the overinvolvement and of the government in the lives of its people. Also good: Planet of the Apes by Pierre Boulle, Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, and (for 9 to 12-year-olds) The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart."
"I never read Orwell in school for some reason and I am glad I waited. I can't believe this was written in the late 40's. O'Brien's descriptions of seeking power for power's sake and the mutability of truth and history have never been more applicable to current events. Reading this book now, you really start to feel like this must be on Karl Rove's desk."
I wish I could just rate the book w/out writing a review! I'm not an author. I don't have a way with words!
When I read this book I saw a snapshot of what is actually happening today. How ironic someone would have know this was going to happen so many years ahead of time.Excellent reading and I don't normally read fiction.
"Imagine, for a second, that tomorrow a large Atomic War starts, and the world is divided into three states. You are under the command of a leader called ""Big Brother"". Constantly on government surveillance, you try to escape Big Brother's listening and viewing devices, but, of course, you can't. Nobody can really escape.  In the year 1984, bombs invade the city of London. On the Malabar Front a war starts, in another state of the world, called Eastasia. The Ministry of Truth, a government organization, broadcasts to the population via a network of telescreens. These devices, which intrude on all aspects of people's lives, are also capable of monitoring their every word and action. They form part of an immense surveillance system used by the Ministry of Love -another government organization- and its dreaded agents called Thought Police, to serve their singular goal: the elimination of ""thought crime"". Winston Smith is a Party worker; Part of the social party known as the Outer Party, the pity of the intrusive government. Winston works in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth - the government organization in charge of modifying historical news for consistency. When Winston finds proof that the Party is lying, he starts off on a journey of self-questioning. In doing so, he becomes a thought-criminal. Winston begins to notice that a young Party member, Julia, is watching him. She wears the special sash of the ultra-zealous Anti Sex League and Winston fears that she is an informant. However, to his surprise, she reveals herself as a subversive, and they begin a dangerous relationship. This inspires Winston to explore deeper the difference between propaganda and reality. Ultimately, it leads him to O'Brien - a member of the Inner Party who sets Winston on the beginning of an amazing discovery.  The book 1984 is a perfect read for anyone that is willing to see the world in a whole new aspect. Not written to a specific group of people, this book can be perceived from any point of view, and from any part of a modern-day- society. One reason people should read this book is because it sees the government from a whole new perspective. The book, 1984 was published in 1949. It predicts the way that a slightly communist government, would function in the future. What I find completely surprising, is that many of the futuristic devices in the book 1948 have become true to this day. When you put a good amount of thought into it, it all becomes reality. Today the government watches our every move through computer, phone, and ever video surveillance. It's scary to think that even now, as you read this, someone could be watching you. Also, the government still hides secrets through propaganda press. Another reason why this book should be read, is because it has a large array of quotes, such as: ""War is peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength"" (Orwell, 1949, p.27). It provides the reader with a complete set of wisdom and knowledge through its quotation and lessons. The last reason that I will share, why someone should read this book, is because it keeps your interest. Even though the book isn't exactly a fast read, it's completely addicting the entire way through. Keeping your hands off of it is an almost impossible task to accomplish. It contains the ability to keep the attention of a monkey, and yet can relate to someone with the intelligence of Einstein.  In conclusion everyone, and I mean everyone, should read this book. With its perspective of government conspiracy, relation to modern day life, knowledgeable quotes, ability to contain attention, and its intelligent relation; I am positive it will keep you, and anyone else, on the edge of their seat.-Jonathan Lightcap"
"Several concepts from ""1984"" - especially ""Big Brother"" - have been popular cultural references for many years. Despite being familiar with them long before reading the novel, I still found the novel to very engaging and entertaining. One easily identifies with Winston Smith, trapped in a brainwashed society and wanting to rebel, knowing things could be better. Instead of feeling dated, the story feels even more relevant today with the level of surveillance that governments across the globe exercise currently.Some elements such as doublethink may appear to be a bit far-fetched, but still remain scary because one can see a government seeking absolute and unending control going to any lengths to achieve their goal. Indeed, attempting to control people's thoughts isn't outside of the realm of possibility; it can almost seem like ""political correctness"" taken to an extreme. So while fans of science fiction and readers of almost any dystopian future story will be familiar with some of the concepts seen here, this is well worth a read, being both one of the earliest examples of the story and still one of the best."
"This is the classic and the mould of the dystopian narrative.  Clearly written to explore the plausibility of what would happen if the technocratic regime of the socialist state was allowed to take its course, it stretches beyond this very palpable social critique.  The final part is the most disturbing and harrowing as one can almost feel Winston's physical and psychological torment in a world that forbids love and legitimates peace through fear.I am amazed that this was written so long ago since these drives in social order seem so shockingly prevalent and the spectre of war as a lever to condition responses from the masses is clearly a vehicle even in the US.  It does slowdown in the middle with the very transparent political commentary wrought by Goldstein's manual.  Yet the impact of what abuse and harnessing of technical, psychological, social, and political power punches hard at the end."
"I enjoyed hearing this on a recent driving trip. The story is dark and depressing, but thought provoking, especially considering current governmental politics.The production quallity is good. It consists of one author reading without sound effects, and while men on audio books always sound rediculous reading in a faux woman's voice, that part is status quo.I bought this new, lent it to some freinds, then sold it on ebay. All in all a great book that I'm glad I read and a good deal in the end."
"A powerful book, that eerily depicts the direction the world is going where truth is shunted and lies are promoted by all the mainstream media. The three slogans of the Party as described in book is very familiar with what we hear from our leaders in these times:War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is StrengthOrwell paints a picture of how this fascist totalitarian state is controlled by control surveillance, the new language of Newspeak and the three main ministries that are:""Ministry of Peace"", which concerns itself with war""The Ministry of Truth"", which takes care of news, entertainment, education etc. in short translated as the place of propaganda""The Ministry of Love"", which is concerned with law and order and according to Orwell the most frightening one.It is truly a must read book as the rise of fascism is happening. Can also highly recommend seeing the movie called ""V for Vendetta"", as it is also set in a fascist environment, that closely resembles the one George Orwell depicts in this book."
"A powerful book, that eerily depicts the direction the world is going where truth is shunted and lies are promoted by all the mainstream media. The three slogans of the Party as described in book is very familiar with what we hear from our leaders in these times:War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is StrengthOrwell paints a picture of how this fascist totalitarian state is controlled by control surveillance, the new language of Newspeak and the three main ministries that are:""Ministry of Peace"", which concerns itself with war""The Ministry of Truth"", which takes care of news, entertainment, education etc. in short translated as the place of propaganda""The Mihistry of Love"", which is concerned with law and order and according to Orwell the most frighening one.It is truly a must read book as the rise of fascism is happening. Can also highly recommend seeing the movie called ""V for Vendetta"", as it is also set in a fascist environment, that closely resembles the one George Orwell depicts in this book."
"Although I'll acknowledge that Shakespeare, Milton and Blake have been regarded as masters of the beautiful English language far longer, Eric Blair (aka George Orwell) is the undisputed master of twisting words into weapons of destruction, despair, and control.Much has been written and noted about ""1984,"" and I can't add much more insight to it other than we had a cat named Winston.I first read this novel in Grade 8, before I really could understand what it was about. Its powerful imagery captured my imagination, however. I have read it about once a year hence, marvelling at Orwell's mastery of the language. He predicted human nature very accurately, considering where things were going near the time of his death. It's a very bleak book, and has gotten even more terrifying since the advent of the internet, 24 hour cable news, ubiquitous cameras and televisions, background checks, fanciful government terminology, massive fearmongering, routine inspections, suppression of emotion, and global paranoia.The most terrifying thing of all is not that ""1984"" came true. It's HOW SOON it came true after Orwell penned it."
"This classic story of Orwell's imagined future in 1984 written during the 1950s is a stark warning against totalitarian systems of government. In the story the government is headed by a shadowy figure titled Big Brother. This popular reference to ""the man"" or other monitoring organization originates in this story. The basic concept is that the ruling party monitors all aspects of a person's life through telescreens, microphones, and an elaborate spy system, among others. They create their own history and destroy all accounts which differ from their account of history.They also invent a language called Newspeak which could be a reference to using politically correct language. Newspeak is structured to comply solely with the political philosophies of the Party and is intended to make thought which occurs contrary to this philosophy impossible. If someone tries to make claims to the contrary or engage in discussions that oppose the party it is considered ""crimethink"" and the person is taken away to be ""fixed.""If current events or philosophies change, a complex system of forgery and reworking is in place to rewrite history so that Big Brother always makes accurate predictions, the economy is always better than it was in the past and things appear to be great on paper. In reality, people barely subsist, disease and crime is common, and life in general is much worse compared to life prior to the Revolution which occurred in the 1950s-60s in conjunction with wide spreadnuclear war. Old copies of books and newspapers are burned to eliminate any hardcopy of actual history.There is no reality but that which the Party and Big Brother espouse. If you think outside or remember something different from the stated reality, you are considered delusional and in a minority of one. Those who persist in the belief that Big Brother is wrong, are arrested and systematically tortured and brainwashed to the point where they begin accepting the Big Brother philosophy and reality as truth.The main character works for the Party but has doubts as to the positive benefits of the Party and its philosophy. He feels repressed and seeks out ways to fight against this overwhelming power. The first part of the book walks through his growing realization of the continuous brainwashing and creation of reality which can change at the drop of a hat.The 2nd part adds very little to the overall plot and really could be skipped without much loss in value. It additionally contains a gratuitous amount of promiscuous behavior which serves little purpose other than an appeal to the prurient interest.The last part of the book describes in detail the arrest, torture, and brainwashing of the protagonist. He has many logical arguments and perspectives which would likely occur to the reader fighting against the philosophy of Big Brother. This helps to make believable his eventual conversion to belief that Big Brother is good and right regardless of the reader's perspective grounded in the reality of today's thought.1984 is quite thought provoking and serves as a good reminder that any political party or dictator with absolute power is dangerous and measures should be taken to avoid movement towards this type of system."
"Orwell has masterminded the collection of terminology resources that today we are aware of, but at times, I guess, without knowing their origin. Although modern terms like ""hatecrime"" and ""hatespeech"" in the book do not come to the surface, I am sure now, that they are implicit product of the heritage left by Orwell.The true value of a book is in the aftertaste, which urges one to think about human instincts and their function. And at the end, it is almost impossible to object to Orwell's argument, that the strongest human instinct is self-preservation and only then comes the drive to procreate.Winston Smith lives in the society founded upon hatred, he believes in the proles, and rightly so. Regardless of the fact, that two, and in some cases, even three generations of the Eastern Europeans experienced a number of Orwell's revelations to become reality (and to become truth!), they managed to change the course of events. In certain circles, though, the collapse of the Soviet Union is still being regarded as the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century. As long as such a view will exist, Orwell's messages will not loose their urgency.Finally, I remember that those who studied the law in the former Soviet Union were taught that every crime is two-sided, having its subjective and objective side. While fully understanding what is being meant by first, there was some difficulty, though, among the students, in embracing the later. This novel is like a textbook to understand that concept."
"The vision of the Party's rule, its inhumanity and utter ruthlessness and mendacity frighten us and we hope it will never come to pass here. But we have no clue how to prevent it, and just like the people in Orwell's fictional world, we are perpetually caught off guard when it comes to pass in our own lives. One day we wake up and realize we are living in a nightmare, and we have been for a long time. ""It'll never happen here"" and ""We've taken every precaution"" become ""When did it happen"" and ""How did we get to this point?"" This perennial sickness takes hold of a nation and we are at its mercy.Like any good novelist, Orwell tells a story and he makes it real. For that sheltered portion of humankind who have had the fortune of growing up without the threat of being arrested and tortured for daring to disagree with their inept leaders, the book provides a vicarious experience without which we are left vulnerable to a disease we know nothing about. But while the creation of a literary world can teach us many things, it cannot provide a way out. For that we need accurate knowledge.1984 is a fictionalized account of pathocracy, as defined in Political Ponerology, and the reason it scares us is because it is completely outside our normal frame of reference. We have the same reaction to news accounts of senseless violence. Parents murdered by their 14-year-old son because they asked him to do his chores, after which he played video games. An 18-year-old woman disappears and is later found dead, beaten to death and wrapped in plastic. A trucker and his son admit to torturing a 20-year-old man in their basement, suffocating him and wrapping wire around his neck. A young boy is kidnapped, tortured, executed, and his organs harvested by forces of occupation before his body is returned to his parents.The common theme, of course, is psychopathy. Psychopaths lack conscience and hunger for the darkness. They are sadistic in a way which, for us, is near impossible to fathom. The evil which they bring is not unintended, as when we realize only after the fact that our actions have caused another harm. Instead, their lives are spent feeding on the misery that they inflict on others. Whether the sexual sadism of serial rapist-torturer, or the subtle draining of a ""toxic co-worker"" who uses you, abuses you, and wears you down until you lose all grip on reality. We may even ask in desperation, ""What are you doing this to me?"" The psychopath simply smirks. And in a world ruled by psychopaths we ask, ""Why are you doing this to us?""1984 frightens us because psychopathy frightens us. The key feature of a pathocracy is that psychopaths influence the economic, military, political, and cultural agenda of a nation. Like chameleons, they mask themselves in the features of their surroundings. Within those parameters they stage dramas, creating a new reality according to their desires. And this reality is one of deception, terror, ruthless expansion and complete heartlessness.In the corporate world a psychopath gets ahead by destroying the careers of those who stand in his way, exploiting the work of others, starting rumors, creating conflicts. He always benefits from these, of course. A competitor falls out of favor. The psychopath is credited with the work of another. The bosses take his word over another who sees that he is a snake. An ""enemy"" finds herself without a job, blamed for something she didn't do. All the while the psychopath stage-manages. The man behind the curtain.In politics, the pawns are the people, the chessboard is the world stage. Strategic countries are invaded because of the ""threat"" they pose. This threat is 0f course created by the psychopaths in charge using the vast resources of intelligence services. ""Terrorist threats"" are fabricated. Atrocities are committed and then pinned on imaginary ""terrorist groups"". Orwell had it right. Emmanuel Goldstein was a creation of the Party. The bombings blamed on him and his followers committed by the Party itself for the purpose of keeping the population afraid and compliant.Today, torture photos are ""leaked"" not to expose State brutality, but to show the people what happens to those who oppose the system. After all, you're either ""with us"" or you're ""with the terrorists"". That's some option. Dissent is conflated with terrorism. Terrorists are tortured and assassinated. The President of the United States even sanctions the assassination of U.S. citizens labeled ""terrorists"". ""They are part of they enemy"", after all. Some respond with shock that a country could willingly kill its own citizens, as if killing another country's citizens is any more human. Of course, the two options are equally atrocious, but to a psychopath, what's the difference? If you have a conscience, you are a threat. Your leaders hold you in as much disdain as any other ""bleeding heart"".So what can be done? The first step is awareness of the reality of what goes on behind the scenes of political power: the workings of intelligence agencies, counterterrorism, foreign policy groups, etc. This can only be understood by applying ponerology, which identifies the source of the problem, and the exact social and psychological processes which push along the global pathocratic agenda. Psychopaths have been running the show for a long time, and they've been doing so because we haven't known what to look for. Commies, terrorists, Nazis, anarchists... All red herrings.The true enemy hides in plain sight."
"If there's one book you read to further your awareness of the politics of the world around you and the abilities of someone else to control your emotions and thoughts, read 1984. 1984 is essentially 2007, ---silent rivers run deep...in the Bush Regime.What becomes evident through reading the book is the fact that the real ruling people are not the puppets and appointed officials holding high positions. The people behind the curtains- the banking families in particular make the people in high positions subject to their own mercy.If you do some research you will find that high tech criminals count the USA's votes, and that as long as we retain a ""democracy"" where one man is on top and a select group of people are pulling his strings, anything you see on the news will follow the same model- governments within governments, and intercompetition between them. The philosophies of 1984 are more relevant now than never. Objective reality is governed by the media, and indifference is bred in people's minds to suit the avoidance of a possible utopia where every man is equal. ""War is Peace"" ""Ignorance is Strength""Read this book or you may never know how powerful you/they are."
"In 1984, George Orwell extends the social analysis into a devastating critique of the principles and processes of political rule.  The world of 1984 is divided into the Inner Party, or ""Brain of the State,"" the Outer Party, ""its hands,"" and the Proles, who survive in a kind of squalid freedom.  The plot centres around the attempts of the one Outer Party Member, Winston Smith, to escape the totalitarian society in which he exists.  His failure results not in execution, but, more chillingly, conversion, the surrender of his will.  Nineeten Eighty-Four contains the famous sentence, ""If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever."""
"George Orwell's 1984 remains one of the seminal works of literature in the English language, and one of the most important.  If you haven't read it, you owe it to yourself to read it and experience the world Orwell created (a world that bears an increasing resemblence, however shadowy, to our own)."
"George Orwell's book 1984 is a wonderful book set in England's future if WW II never stopped. The main character in the book, Winston, is an ordinary worker at a regular office in England. The catch is he can remember the past some what. In England's future it is ruled by an all knowing man named Big Brother of BB in new speak (the language of oceania earlier called England).Once Winston realizes this chick named Julia likes him he and she start secretively dating which is against the rules of the party. Winston finally realizes what is going on with society and BB. Winston and his girlfriend finally get the nerve and take a chance and join the resistance against the party. In the end it doesn't turn out how he expects it to be but was inevitable.The book was a great read and a good use of time. I personally think big brother is the man. Even though  it was a school assignment to read it was great."
"When I was young and read this book for the first time strangely enough I never thought of it as a warning about some other country's type of government. I thought of it as a description of what could happen in my own country if the wrong type of thinking was supported by a majority of the people of my country. I don't know what Mr. Orwell intended it to be but looking at my own country today I still think that my original interpretation was accurate.I felt the same way about Animal Farm.Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of:""Hobo-ing America: A Workingman's Tour of the U.S.A.."""
"This book should be manditory reading in grade school.  As a whole, 1984 depicts the world as many in todays world want it to be,but won't admit it of course, a world with out free speech, with out free thought, without the ability to critique and question; yet Orwell created the book prior to the calamities we see around us. Prophetic in a fashion, buit also written in a time when PC sugar coating wasnt the norm and you could see and even say what needed to be said.  Big brother is watching us, whether it be the ACLU, some church, some group of fanatics who want to take away freedom, the GOV't, whoever.  This book shows the desolate result when human curiosity is censored and oppressed, and the will is stamped out.  Dystopian literature is a good thing, it isnt all bells and happy ssmiles, but that is life, and in order to fight against terrible things you need to know why they are evil. This book shows why and how many things become evil even without the need for a diety. Collectively our ""Room 101"" is not far off if we dont wake up and stop the idiocy of placating becasue we dont want to offend.  Part of being human is being offended, part of humanity is the capacity to be unhappy; some say being sad all the time is a sickness, but the person who thinks things are fine all the time I believe is far more ill because if you look around the world, things are not OK; they are turning out alot like 1984."
This is an inexpensive classic and a great read.  I recommend this book for anyone interested in a great book.
"To call 1984 a work of science fiction is, while technically accurate, somewhat a disservice to the book. 1984 is a chillingly accurate glimpse into a future of hellish totalitarianism, and quite amazingly, with each passing generation it actually seems to become more and more relevant. It should be regarded not only as great literature, but also as an oracle of the very real storm clouds that are consistently looming just overhead. But perhaps most importantly, it should also serve as a much needed kick in the groin to anyone who is constantly blinded by the bright lights of patriotism, war, greed, fear, and all forms of propaganda.1984 is not science fiction. 1984 isn't fiction at all."
"Obviously a great book, but the Kindle edition (at least) omits the Appendix ""The Principles of Newspeak"" which any reader should want to have!"
"Not too long ago, I read an author's account of his trip to North Korea. While there he gave a copy of 1984 to a citizen he was temporarily working with. This North Korean worker took it home to read and then hurriedly returned it the next day. A book like that could get him killed, just like 'the book' in 1984 could do the same to the main character, Winston.It doesn't take much time for a society to fall into a dictatorship or a communist regime. We've seen this happen throughout history, even to once democratic societies. 1984 is a fitting read for our time. It is a warning to all free societies; this could happen to you! It is very easy and disconcerting, to see the similarities in Winston's 'Big Brother' and our own governments. Big Brother has 'Newspeak'. We have 'Political Correctness'. Big Brother has 'Doublethink' and we have conflicting thoughts that are upheld as well; Racism is bad: we cannot discriminate in hiring employees on the basis of their skin color. Racism is good: we should discriminate in hiring employees on the basis of their skin color (racial hiring quotas active in the USA now: Hiring dark-skinned folks is good. Hiring light skinned-folks is bad). There are too many examples of current Newspeak and Doublethink to list in this review. Also there's 'Big Brother'. In the UK there are surveillance cameras popping up everywhere. On these cameras are speakers that the observer can blast orders through 'Stop riding your bike on the sidewalk!' is just one camera-rebuke that I heard about from a UK paper. This parallels with the telescreens in Winston's world which blast rebukes at the slightest offenses 'Sit on the bench! Hands in your lap! No talking!' and etc... Is this really a better world to live in? What gives the man or lady behind the camera the right to bark orders at the man minding his own business on the street? These questions and much more will surface as you read this intellectually stimulating book.In conclusion, I believe '1984' is a must-read for everyone. However, there are some sleazy moments in this book which I found unnecessary to the book's message. Because of this I believe this book wouldn't be appropriate for anyone under the age of 16 (this also depends on the maturity level of the 16 year old). Also, the message of '1984' would probably fly right over the head of a child; one must have a decent understanding of history before reading it. Therefore, I do not recommend this classic for children, but instead for mature teens and up."
"The classic original.  The reason we use the term: ""Orwellian"".  This is the book which predicted ""The Lives of Others"" The Lives of Others.  Much of Orwell's work is now part of our lexicon: ""Big Brother"".  This should be mandatory reading in High Schools."
"George Orwell's ""1984"" is such a powerful read, and a fascinating look into the world where one is under control of the State through the ""Big Brother.""There is one quote that stood out for me from this book:""Who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past.""What if this ""Big Brother"" is true? Now that would be a terrifying thought..."
"If this book represents Orwell's circa 1948 prediction of 1984, he wasn't exactly right, but he wasn't completely wrong either.  Some have argued that we now live in a pseudofascist state in the modern United States, in large part thanks to another George.  I'm sure Orwell's book was profoundly influenced by the historical context of his own life, especially WWII.  It's certainly a very well written book, with vivid imagery and several memorable scenes.  The movie version with John Hurt is also very well orchestrated.  Author of Adjust Your Brain: A Practical Theory for Maximizing Mental Health."
This is what got me into literature. Not the Scarlet Letter or Grapes of Wrath or anything else really. I thankfully read this due to a recommendation from my English teacher and I've been on my way to appreciating literature ever since. Make sure you watch the movie Children of Men if you liked this book. They draw many parallels and both are amazing.
"This book relates the experiences of one Winston Smith in a world where all people belong to one of three totalitarian superpowers. In this dystopian novel, the state requires nothing less than the complete submission of individuals' inner thoughts. ""The Party is not interested in the overt act: the thought is all we care about."" There is no escape (""Nobody ever escaped detection, and nobody ever failed to confess."") and no practical hope for a free future where human rights would exist once more.The story is beautiful in parts--such as in the places where it deals with a forbidden love and an individual's struggle to maintain his identity--and incredibly hopeless in others. Orwell is an amazing writer and I spent a lot of time underlining different phrases and sentences. This book is frightening. As Erich Fromm writes in the afterword, ""...it would be most unfortunate if the reader smugly interpreted 1984 as another description of Stalinist barbarism, and if he does not see that it means us, too."" I recommend this book to all."
"_Nineteen Eighty Four_, first published in 1949 by George Orwell (pen name of Eric Blair), is a horrifying dystopian novel of a world in which the individual human being has been completely degraded and deprived of his fundamental humanity that reflects the totalitarianisms of the day, particularly communism and Stalinism.  George Orwell (1903 - 1950) was the pen name of the British author Eric Blair, who developed an early enmity towards those in power and their abuses of power.  Orwell was a socialist but came to witness the horrors of the Soviet state and the betrayal of his ideals by Stalinists.  As such, Orwell came to loathe totalitarianism in general and wrote novels showing the degrading effects such societies had on people.  Throughout this book, one can witness the underlying hatred of Orwell and those imprisoned by the system for the totalitarian state and bureaucracy which completely controls their lives and existences.  This book in particular shows that rage in the main character of Winston Smith, a mere pawn in a totalitarian society.  Orwell's books are indeed prophetic and show us a world in which the very life-force has been sapped out of mankind by those in power.  Orwell imagines a highly efficient totalitarian state, capable of enforcing political correctness at the highest levels, tampering with the memories of men, and maintaining a total disregard for the truth.  Orwell shows how under such regimes the very notion of truth becomes suspect and the individual can no longer distinguish between fact and state propaganda.  This particularly applies to the Soviet Union under Josef Stalin, which is the primary setting for Orwell's stories.  However, Orwell's books are also applicable to the West of today, where the constant menace of totalitarian ideology exists._1984_ gives us a whole slew of new terminology to describe the situation as it exists in a totalitarian state in which political correctness is enforced.  The book introduces such terms as thought police, thought crime (and thought criminal), doublethink, memory hole, Ingsoc, and Newspeak.  Such terms reflect the complete disregard of the totalitarian state for the truth and the active promotion of propaganda within society.  They have also largely entered into our culture as expressions to describe the enforcement of political correctness._1984_ focuses on the main character Winston Smith, a member of the Outer Party who lives in England and works for the Ministry of Truth.  As it turns out, the Ministry of Truth ironically is responsible for spreading propaganda, and as all ministries mentioned by Orwell has a purpose exactly opposite to its stated purpose.  The world of 1984 is a very bleak one indeed, run by a single party and its ruling leader ""Big Brother"", in which all individuals are subject to surveillance by the state should they commit a ""thought crime"".  All expressions of individuality in 1984 have been wiped out and the human being is totally degraded living a pathetic existence of total subservience to the party.  Sexuality has been suppressed as part of the ""Anti-sex League"" as well as religion.  Truth itself is highly malleable and memory is constantly distorted, reflected in such ironical and oxymoronic sayings of the party as ""War Is Peace"", ""Freedom Is Slavery"", and ""Ignorance Is Strength"".  Further, the nation of Oceania is constantly at war with either Eurasia or Eastasia, varying from day to day and reflected in the official propaganda of the state bureaucracy.  All party members revere their leader ""Big Brother"" (perhaps reminiscent of Josef Stalin or other totalitarian dictators) and despise  the rebellious ""Goldstein"" (perhaps reminiscent of the Soviet hatred for Leon Trotsky).  Further, the party exists in a caste system in which the ""proles"" (the proletariat) live underneath the party members (who are divided into the Inner and Outer Party).  Winston Smith works for the Ministry of Truth but begins to keep a diary (which is strictly forbidden to party members) in which he reflects his hatred for ""Big Brother"".  His work involves developing propaganda for the party.  At work he meets up with Julia, who he initially believes is a strict orthodox member of the party.  However, eventually he comes to realize that Julia is in love with him and they have a secret encounter in the countryside.  Eventually Julia expresses to Winston her complete loathing for the party, though she publicly maintains a persona of utter obeisance and orthodoxy and belongs to the ""Anti-sex League"".  Together they find a new hiding place in a shop in a part of the city where the ""proles"" live and attempt to re-discover the past of England.  Throughout this period, however, the two live in constant fear of the thought police, should they catch onto their affair.  Eventually, Winston meets up with O'Brien at work, a man who he believes is a member of the Resistance, and is given a copy of Goldstein's book which explains the rise of the party and the need for perpetual war.  Orwell quotes extensively from Goldstein's book which reflects much of the social thinking of the time, in particular the theory of managerial elites.  However, Winston and Julia are captured by the party and it turns out that O'Brien is in fact a member of the party.  While taken captive, both are tortured and made to recant their original beliefs about the party.  In a particularly disgusting scene, Winston is taken to Room 101 where he must face his worst fear.  There he ultimately betrays Julia (as she has already betrayed him) to save himself from being tortured by rats (the worst torture that he can imagine).  Eventually, Winston is completely re-educated and made to love ""Big Brother"" while his relationship with Julia is forever changed after their mutual betrayals of each other.  Thus, ends in the most horrifying of manners Orwell's classic novel.  Orwell concludes with an appendix on ""The Principles of Newspeak"" which effectively shows how even the language itself can be put to the purposes of propaganda within a totalitarian state._1984_ remains a classic dystopia reflecting the darker side of human existence within the Twentieth Century as it played out in the totalitarian dictatorships of the age.  Throughout this novel, the very notion of truth remains problematic, as the party re-defines history to reflect its own agenda and thus even memory itself becomes distorted.  Orwell shows the sheer degradation that the human being undergoes within such a surveillance society, to the eventual point where a man can be tortured by the powers that be to such an extent that he will eventually even renounce his love and embrace the figure he hates the most.  While the novel is made to reflect Soviet society and Stalinism in particular, it also reflects the modern world in general, in which large-scale and efficient bureaucratic structures rob man of his humanity.  Orwell's novels prove particularly prescient warnings to mankind to avoid the dangers of totalitarianism.  As such, they should be read by all thinking individuals who seek to understand the horrors that can be inflicted upon the human being through totalistic societies."
"""1984""--or ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"" in the Oldspeak--is one of those books prophecizing doom that has remained relevant enough to generate a famous Macintosh commercial, a ""Simpsons"" parody, and a reality television series named for it among other things.  What allows ""1984"" to remain in our consciousness and not a relic of the post-World War II, Cold War, Atomic Age era is that like the book of Revelations, ""1984""'s dire predictions can be adapted for each new generation.""1984""'s epic battle of good versus evil doesn't take place on any plain of Armageddon, but rather within the mind of one man:  Winston Smith.  Winston is a 39-year-old man who works for the Party at the Ministry of Truth, which has an ironic name because Winston's job is actually to doctor reality so that the Party always appears infallible.  Winston sees that while the Party, under the leadership of Big Brother, claims surpluses of everything, no one can buy simple items like razor blades or shoelaces.  As he becomes disillusioned by the Party's rule, he and a young woman named Julia begin a torrid secret affair.  Then he is contacted by a man high up in the Party named O'Brien who works for a resistance group known as the Brotherhood.  But before he can help the Brotherhood, Winston is betrayed, arrested, and taken to the dungeons of the Ministry of Love, where he endures physical and psychological torment that threatens to break him and strip him of all humanity.As it is written, Big Brother and his Party would seem to represent the fascist or Communist movements of the 1940s.  Taken literally it would be easy to dismiss the book as an archaic remnant of Cold War hysteria.  But  the beauty of ""1984"" is that because it focuses on the internal struggle for Winston Smith's soul, it can transcend all that.  For the warning in ""1984"" isn't about communism or fascism, but the threat of letting anyone crush the human spirit through overbearing dogma.Much like faithful Christians of every generation have painted everyone from the Pope to Hitler as the Antichrist, every generation looks for its Big Brother.  From communists to corporations to churches, individual readers can read ""1984"" and make their own interpretations of who or what Big Brother and the Party represent.  But no matter how each of us sees it, the general warning should be clear:  the human spirit is our most precious possession and must be retained at all costs.That is all."
"""He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.""My definition of a truly classic novel is one that is so talked about and referenced that you can know all about the book and it's message without having ever actually read it. 1984 is one of the most glaring examples of this, as terms such as ""Big Brother"" and ""Doublespeak"" are now mainstream concepts that no longer require explanation.The book itself gained its popularity, however, by successfully reaching a broad audience by exaggerating and reducing the complicated debate of the illusion of free will and freedom of thought in any kind of government structure that strives to control and manipulate the populace for its own benefit in an almost unbelievable science fiction setting. The extremes that are reached in 1984's may seem only possible in a work of fiction, yet there is a truth beneath the pulp novel trappings that most readers can not avoid recognizing.Note: For those who have already read this, I have a suggestion. Read 1984 again, only assume that the book actually takes place in our modern times, and that the narrator is a paranoid schizophrenic."
"George Orwell's 1984 is no longer a thing of the future.The Internet is everywhere--including your wireless cameraphone.Digital technology makes surveillance push-button easy.  Those in power cannot resist.  And we even do it to ourselves using social networks like Facebook and Myspace.  Soon, every phone will incorporate GPS location technology.Are we prepared for the inevitable?In a time when the pace of technology continues to accelerate, Orwell's classic has never been more relevant."
"This book is one of my all time favorites.  Classic in every respect of the word.  George Orwell's vision should be taken with a grain of salt, but look at all the striking similarities there are to the world that we live in.  With all the recent and upcoming advances in science and technology we would do well to remember the world in 1984."
"This is one of my favorite books of all time, right up there with Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead.  This book is a must-read for everyone!"
"This is one of my favorite books of all time, right up there with Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead.  If you haven't read this book, and you are into politics, it is a must read for everyone!"
"The term Big Brother is almost a cliche today, but I imagine most folks who use it have never read the book that made the name so infamous.  For Orwell's purposes, Big Brother was the personification of ""the Inner Party"" or just ""the Party,"" that 1-2% group of elitists who ruled over the fictionalized country called Oceania [a.k.a., the UK, US and all other English-speaking countries].It's ironic that Orwell was so pessimistic throughout this book since he was himself a socialist.  His idea of socialism, however, was not so malicious, even though just as powerful.  Like most idealists, he had hoped socialism would bring about an end to elitism, where the law of the jungle would be managed by a brotherhood of man [Humanism, the religion of the New World Order].  By the late 1930's though, the soviet experiment was proving that true socialism was an impossibility for inevitably ruthless individuals always rise to the top, ulimately producing an oligarchy [rule by a few].I see in the figure Big Brother another evil that Orwell would never have suggested, being an atheist/humanist.  Big Brother is the god of this world, the prince of darkness, the devil -- Satan.  The issue that allows me to make this connection is knowledge.  Note throughout 1984 that Big Brother's goal is to control minds by controlling knowledge. The ""Proles"" [85% of the people] were severely limited by their education, an education supplied [rationed] by the state.  Sound familiar?  Do you ever wonder why public schools are failing?  Do you suppose it's possible they're actually succeeding in their intended purpose?  Of course, a more forceful control was required of ""Outer Party"" members, that 10-14% given just enough education and training to perform complex tasks required by the state.  Thus, the neccessity for the Thought Police [sort of like the PC pundits of today, only with official government power to cure thought criminals like pro-lifers, gun owners, Christian fundamentalists, etc.].Then too is the application of ""Newspeak,"" that effort by Big Brother to control the minds of everyone by limiting vocabulary.  Although a limited vocabulary doesn't limit one's ability to actually think, it does limit one's ability to articulate what he or she is thinking, so that eventually the thought vaporizes.  Knowledge is built on knowledge.  Prevent a core knowledge from developing and you can essentially control how people think about certain issues.  Unborn babies aren't babies; they become fetuses.  Sexual deviants becomes gay.  And enemies of the state become anyone refusing to accept the absolute authority of the state.Where does Satan fit in with this analogy with Big Brother?  Was it not Satan who beguiled us regarding knowledge by asking, ""Yea, hath God said?""  He has always tried to control our knowledge of good and evil, even to the point of quoting Scripture to the Lord Jesus in an attempt to trick the very Son of God into doubting Himself, if not the Father.  Shortly after the 66 books making up the Bible were established as canon, papal decree forbid the lay Christian from possessing a copy of the Bible.  Why?  More recently, modern bibles have been edited for political correctness and reflect the belief system of the Gnostics who were thriving in Alexandria, Egypt in the 4th Century.  Gnostics denied the deity of Christ and absolute moral values, claiming only that which is spiritual matters, so what men and women do in or with their bodies does not.  Thus the roots of moral relativism.All those who attempt to control knowledge, academic and biblical, are doing the bidding of Big Brother.  Those who fall for it are little more than simple ""outer party"" members, foolish ""proles"" or scornful ""inner party"" members.  Think about it.Other books similar to this one include the following:  Animal Farm, The Deliberate Dumbing Down of America, New Age Bible Versions, The Underground History of American Education, Educating for the New World Order and Legally STUPiD: Why Johnny doesn't have to read."
"In these days of Echelon, Satellite spying, and the ever-increasing proliferation of surveillance cameras, 1984 will definitely leave you with an uneasy feeling.The story of one man's doomed rebellion against almost total totalitarianism, where even the text record of the day and the past can be altered to suit those in power.Many concepts from this novel have entered the common lexicon."
"1984 should be required reading for any thinking person.  Not only is the base story line compelling and thought provoking as a lesson on the more obvious problems presented in Orwell's dystopia, the ideas and thoughts presented through such things as the book the ""resistance"" reads are extremely relavent to today's world.  The view of the military-industrial complex and how it helped lead to the society  shown are amazingly prescient of how many industrialized nations are conducting business in modern society."
"Reading this book as an impressionable youth back in 1976 turned me, in many ways, into who I am today, thirty-plus years later. Never trusting the official government story, whether it be the Kennedy or Martin Luther King assassinations or the official 9/11 conspiracy theory. I realize that the powers that be always have their own agenda, which invariably differs completely from the people's interests. It has led me to do my own research (now far easier on the internet than in the NYC libraries with their budget-slashed hours I could never coordinate with). It has led down some frightening paths that more people should be going down, for truly we are living in Nineteen Eighty-Four this very minute.And as a bit of clarification, Orwell was not ""predicting"" this dystopia for 1984, as some have written here. He was not a soothsayer. With this book he artfully expounds on his experiences working in the real ""Ministry of Truth"" during World War II: the BBC's Propaganda department. The date 1984 is a simple juxtaposition of the date in which he wrote the book, 1948. Another way of saying, ""today"". And to me, that's far scarier than some date off in the future."
"Although the images are not profound and the grammar and language usage rather basic, what holds this novel together are its plot, intelligent ideas, and unique, beautifully flawed characters. I loved the fatal relationship between Julia and Winston, mostly because it was unsentimental and virtually realistic. I don't think Orwell romanticizes anything, alluding perhaps to the bleak style of life led in the book. (The denouement between the two is stunning, yet tragic). The novel ends on a melancholic, similarly unhappy note, which epitomizes the main idea presented: there really are no happy endings, and sometimes there is no winner. Winston, our anti-hero, already dull at the beginning, goes full circle, culminating in a conclusion full of Orwellian grace and sadness. Perhaps the ending was the best part of all, as it leaves the reader feeling like the world of 1984 is, in fact, real and never-ending. Clearly, that was Orwell's point."
"194 is a classic political novel. Anyone who thinks it is redundant or broing is only failing to realize that all the terms in the book have become commonplace in society. It is so influential that it seems trite because our world has been so greatly changed by it. An excellent story with a great message, it's scary how close we are to living in a place like oceana and how willing osme people would be to live there. Read it!"
"This is one of those books that I had always meant to read, but never got around to. Finally, one of my college classes required it, so I was happy to pick it up, though not without some reserved skepticism beforehand. I knew it was one of those books that is constantly referred to by people who are paranoid about government and distrust everything the government does, which wouldn't really describe me, in general. But, I have to admit that Orwell's writing is masterful. Right from the start, the world he presents is mesmerizing. I think I am safe in saying that in the first third of the book, almost nothing happens. Yet, I can also say that the first third of the book was just as interesting as any of the action that comes later. Every detail, every description, every movement is analyzed in the most fascinating way. Orwell is no idiot. He has that very rare ability of few great authors to show the workings of the inner mind of man in such a true and believable way that you very well believe that he could look at you and know what you are thinking. After the first third of the book, when the story actually progresses, it gets exciting almost in the way that a thriller does. You keep on wondering what move will be next and how the character is going to strategize the demise of the enemy. Then the last third of the book is a devastating, but still masterful analysis of the human mind, free will, and reality. At almost every stage, Orwell presents his ideas with a written clarity that is a language all in its own. In spite of this whole experience and my recognition at how skillful the writing and analysis was, I cannot say that I liked the book, or even if I would recommend it. The main reason for this is that I believe Orwell cheated at the end. The protagonist was putting up a fight against the machine, and in spite of its all-powerful, seemingly omnipotent status, he held off. Now, Orwell had two options. The protagonist either would capitulate under the increasingly intelligent pressure put on by the oppressor, or he would outlast and maintain his own free will to the end. I think that the ending Orwell chose was contrived, and what he did to get the protagonist there was unbelievable. Maybe it's my own principles or feelings, but I suspect that if Orwell had done it well enough, I would have at least respected his approach. But as it is now, I had to shake my head and say to myself: No. That's not true to human nature. I don't buy that. And what's worse, I felt that Orwell must have known that himself. His writing was too brilliant before, too logical, too well-reasoned. The person who wrote all of that can't possibly believe in this moment either. So, I suspect, that in order to get the ending that he wanted, he contrived the tipping point and then returned to his brilliant form to bring the story to its conclusion. One misstep is a harsh way to judge a truly exemplar book, but I believe that it was a key moment and it unravels all the true elements Orwell had so carefully set up before. Overall, however, it would be difficult to say to not read the book, because this type of writing and insight is difficult to come by. So if you are looking for a meaty intellectual treat, read it. But don't let him cheat you in the end."
"Others may have loved and raved this book but for me, I just could not wait to finish it.  I am surprised I even finished it because some books I'll just stop reading it and move on to another book.  I don't see how this book became a classic because it was redundant in style.*1984* is futuristic in nature.  Winston Smith is one of many who works for the Ministry of Truth and is constantly watched by the televised omnipotent Big Brother.  Winston's job is to distort or doctor the truths and facts that may contradict the Party.Discontent with his monitored life, he begins to secretly write in a journal which encourages him to think with critical analyses that would be viewed heretical by the Party.  In addition, he meets Julia which they initiate sexual escapades, also in secret.Predictably, Winston and Julia are captured by the Party.  Winston goes through torture to which the Party oversees in order to condition him back to Party's mission and beliefs.The plot is fairly simplistic but with redundant lines.  ""Oceania has always been war with Eastasia.""  ""Freedom is slavery.""  ""Big Brother is watching you.""  In other words, it was nothing but a lot of nonsensical fillers.Overall, I would not recommend this book to anyone."
"A book written in yesteryear, is likely more timely now, than it was when it was written.Don't miss out on one of Orwell's best works."
"I wondered why it took me so long to read this classic.Orwell chronicles the life of one member of a totalitarian society run by the all-seeing eyes of 'Big Brother'. It is a surveillance society in a nation always at war with an amorphous enemy. Fear is the Government's weapon of choice and the image of omniscience and omnipotence it projects upon its people is seemingly insurmountable. The society is deeply stratified and hierarchical with the privileged few at the core going out to the tentative citizens and the listless prolatariat (called proles) at the very bottom of the pile. The story surrounds a very common man and his struggle to be fully 'himself' in a society that frowns upon individualism and independent thought.The context of this book renders it somewhat prophetic of the past 8 or so years of the Western world. Orwell's insight is worthy of canonization because of how right he seems to be about the tools of societal control and influence. He includes the dubious 'tele-screens' eerily reminiscent of the broadcast media, numberless CC TV cameras employed by some cities and perhaps even the ubiquitous Internet and vulnerability it implies on our privacy. Then there is the growing power of Homeland Security laws.Orwell seems like he may be attacking autocrats and dictators but there may be another agenda. It is not Big Brother himself that is to be feared but the system which he represents. The Goverment is as faceless as their ceaseless enemy and Orwell depicts a society that slowly became what it was with time. Can he be saying that any society is prone to the evils of control?The fight of our hero is admirable and leaves us questioning the role of the individual in society. The ending you must read for yourself. But by the time you finish you might be a believer or a revolutionary depending on whose side Orwell convinces you to join."
"George Orwell did two supremely difficult things in this book: he wrote a brilliant polemic (unless you're a Communist, you'll know that polemics don't get any better). And he wrote a dark, unforgettable story in a perfectly crafted style. Ignore the polemic and you still have one of our best novels.Orwell gives us so many brilliant insights. I'll mention my favorite. Orwell saw that totalitarians will always hate beauty and try to drive it out of ordinary life. Why? Because beauty reminds people of what freedom feels like! This theme runs through 1984.Want to see Orwellian in action? Letting a far-left thinker like Erich Fromm write an essay for this book. Fromm manages to turn things upside down so that what Orwell is REALLY writing about is conformity in American corporations. Totalitarian twaddle."
"I have decided to rewrite this review entirely, because it was not really a guide of the literary work, but rather an opinion on how totalitarism is taking over my country.If you are new to this singular book, in a way you are very fortunate. Its best to learn from the source itself the expressions such as: ""big brother"" and ""Thought police"".The book was written in 1948 and I onced heard that G.O. switched the last 2 digits to make the title for the book. Remember, WWII was ending but the totalitarian forces of the world were still operating and expanding (Stalinism and the communist revolution in China, etc).The narrative takes us to a somber future, England is part of an allied conglomarate always at war with other totalitarian conglomerates. We are told the story of a middle aged nobody (Winston) who has the courage to ""rebell"" in his mind and beging recording his thoughts and critisisims hiding it from the ever observing presence of the tv that controls all individuals. It is then that we learn that totalitarism is the suppression of the critical mind in favor of the collective mind that depends on the guidance of the ""Great Leader"", from where all truth emmanates. To explain the extent of the blindness of the masses, there is a scene occuring in the  middle of a political rally as a speaker who is fiercely attacking one enemy suddenly receives the news that such enemy has  now becomed an ally and that the former ally is now the enemy, and there, without loosing continuity in his speech, he decries a sabotage of thought and inmmediatly all masses start destroying all support banners they had, without questioning for a second the logic! .Our heroe here is has the rare chance to find a ""liberation cell"" that pretends to (what else?) finish with the status quo and let truth be known, the ideals are noble and Winston can even see the contradictions he has been living in all his life, yet he (sorry if this spoils it) pacts with the devil (the establishment) by accepting ""all means necessary"" to outs them.. and what amazes more, the devil is the creator of this recursive plot as a part of its research into the human mind and how to control it. It took me some time to really appreciatte the complexity of the reasoning behind the book.If you analyze the book from the perspective of the study of the control of the masses to justify a totalitarian state, then, I believe you will learn much. You can also insult me like other reviewers have, but please, take a look around, are we not seeing everywhere the same methods used on us?"
"one of the best books i've ever read. makes you think about what is true and what isn't. though written in the 50's i believe, the concept can be applied to the present and the future."
"Ever wonder what it would be like to fear for your life after having bad thoughts about the war in Iraq or perhaps even the president himself?  What about being watched and monitored while you exercise?  Ever wonder where Big Brother came from?  Then George Orwell's 1984 is for you!  1984 is a book about a government that controls every aspect of life.  They control language, history and even your thoughts.  While the book starts off slow, it quickly picks itself up and then some.  It constantly kept me reading just so I could find out what happens next.  This book is an experience I won't soon forget and believe everyone their mothers and even grandmothers should read! So pick it up and be amazed at the power Big Brother holds over the people and their every day lives.  Read the classic that will never fold over and become outdated like so many others.  One you can understand whether you are from 1984, 2007 or 2099."
"I first read this novel in the early 1970s and again more recently.Reading the novel during the cold war period, the comparative focus was inevitably on totalitarian socialist or communist states as the likely villains. Of course, the closer the world moved towards 1984, the more we wondered how closely the world would resemble the picture drawn by Orwell.Reading the novel again after 1984, and especially now that the cold war has ended and been replaced by other threats to humanity, it is interesting to think about what Orwell's message really might have been about, and its relevance today.Certainly, the psychology of fear and abuses of authority remain central issues.  Media manipulation has been elevated to an art form and control of information probably doesn't matter much if people are not well enough educated to dissect facts from interpretation and possible consequences from likely causes.1984 is a great novel. It invites the reader to think about the shape of the future and about a more ideal society.  One, perhaps, that optimises the balance between individual rights and responsibilities, and collective safety and obligations.Prescience, irony or paradox?  Thankfully, each reader can form their own view(s).Highly recommended.Jennifer Cameron-Smith"
"George Orwell wrote '1984' a year before his death to show the world the grim and bleak future of a society subject to the claws of totalitarianism.This book is one of the best of the Twentieth Century: it's easy to see why.This story is disturbing in a good way. It lets the reader know how lucky he is. For a future in which you are watched at all times by the ubiquitous telescreens and are sent to authorities by your own children is one that was not so far off when Orwell wrote this masterpiece.The idea of Big Brother gives me the chills even today. The government's ability to utterly manipulate the public's mind is staggering because it shows how easily it can be done...Let's hope that this notion remains hypothetical--at least in America-- for centuries to come.For anyone who wants some insight into a dystopian future, there is no better place to go then Orwell's '1984.'"
"Some books you read you enjoy and forget and then there are books that stick with you for the rest of your life.  I can honestly say this is probably one of the most important books written in human history.  One of the reasons is that it is an almost recognizably real dystopian world eerily close to the one we live in.  This book is a stark warning of what we could become; what unchecked government erosion of liberty can eventually lead to.If you read this, you'll read the news in a different way.In the end, you'll love Big Brother."
"I am amazed how vibrant its message. Orwell's words have stood the test of time, making its tale even more powerful today. It will capture your imagination while challenging you to reflect more deeply on the state of our society.The book's afterword sums it up beautifully.  Written in 1961, Erich Fromm concludes, ""Books like Orwell's are powerful warnings, and it would be most unfortunate if the reader smugly interpreted 1984 as another description of Stalinist barbarism, and if he does not see that it means us, too""."
"Going into reading this book I assumed that naturally, seeing as it is usually a mandatory school reading assignment, it would be boring. However, from the very start of the novel, Orwell captures your attention with the description of London as it is taken over by Big Brother. Throughout the book my intrigue never ceased as I constantly waited for the rebellious Winston to rise up against the Party and Big Brother. The further I read, the more and more I believed Winston was going to unite the proles and crush Big Brother. Seeing Winston's curiosity as he read through the changed records or remembered more and more about his past kept me believing an uprising was soon to happen. Once he met Julia I was sure that these two promiscuous characters would fight the Party. What was soon to happen to them however, I didn't believe, even after reading it. I was so sure my prediction was right that I assumed the author was just toying with my head. Orwell does an amazing job in making the story unpredictable and interesting. Even though the story can seem long and almost never-ending at times, it is worth it in the end."
"I recently chose to read this book as an assignment for my english class. I've always heard that it is such a great piece of literature, so naturally I wanted to experience it. At the beginning of the novel, I was taken in by the way Orwell starts describing Oceania. Then he goes into describe how the party uses telescreens to watch everything that is done by members of the party. These as long as many other elements of the story were very intriguing and are what kept me reading to the end. For the most part, I greatly enjoyed this book, but I would have been happier if the ending was different."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"The name of the book that I am reviewing is 1984 by George Orwell.  I choose to give this book four stars.  The reason that I give this book four stars is because it is an excellent written book that gives a scary future of what the people in the 1950's thought the world was coming to.  It follows the main character Winston Smith who is a member of the party of Oceania in a oligarchial world of three superpowers: Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia.  Winston feels as if he is different because he doesn't believe that they are getting the best that they could be getting.  He decides to join a secret organization that goes against the government.  He learns in a book that is given to him how the government works and why makes the certain choices that it does.  The book shows that in the future war will just be used as a way for a power to get rid of surplus goods.  The book also states how the government works with the ministries of peace, love, plenty and truth.  It also seemed very cool to me some of the ways the government would manipulate the people just so they could maintain control. In the book Winston begins an affair with another party member named Julia and they together plan against their oligarchial society.  They rebel at the fact that the government changes history so that it may be able to control there country with ease.  With nothing for them to judge there life against they are forced to go by what the government tells them and they each have.  They are captured at there secret hideout by the thought police(a group of individuals that monitor for traces of thoughtcrime punishable by death).  They are thrown into a jail cell to rot untill they are forced to confess for what they have done.  The only reason that I would not give this book five stars is because most of the concepts in the book were very hard to follow.  Other books that I would recommend would be Shogun by James Clavell, the Cherub series by Robert Muchamore or Animal Farm by George Orwell.  I am a student at HRMS and am in seventh grade."
"Orwell's classic dystopian novel is an excellent read.  I was forced to watch the movie as a sophomore in high school and wasn't interested in it, nor was I old enough to really grasp the concepts.  That has changed however.  This book is enthralling to the point that it is hard to put down.  Following Winston Smith in his life under the totalitarian regime of Oceania, 1984 weaves a scary and alarming story of what happens when government gets out of control.  In today's political environment, it is a shining example of what we, as citizens, need to be on the lookout for in the name of ""national security"".  The political propaganda used by Big Brother is quite relevant to that which our own political parties push on us during elections (obviously to a lesser degree)."
"1984 is a book that can be talked about for hours and hours.  This book compells the mind to think about where society is heading.  It is amazing to find the many similarities between this book and today. Although 1984 is an exageration of reality, it still hold a certain significance.The book follows a man named Winston, who is a man that works inside the government that.  Winston is a smart man that knows how things run and knows what is going on, but this knowledge puts him in danger, for ""Big Brother is watching""1984 is one of my favorite books because of how hard it makes you think and the many different ways you can think about it."
"Orwell was a genius at forseeing future trends.  He was also ingeneious at crafting the protrait of totalitarian control while using material from the media and political journals as his paint medium.  His ability to take ""spin"" to its final conclusion with the term ""Newspeak"" is truly prophetic.  The book is a warning cry for western civilization as it progresses to larger systems of government, and away from individual responsibility.On a somewhat negative side, are the main character, Winston's, interactions with and perceptions of some females in his society.  While musing on the obviously ""politically-correct"" feminist female of the day, the author, through Winston, steps away from most readers by expressing contempt through Winston's desire to ""ravage the woman and strangle her at the moment of climax.""  There are other graphic and sometimes repulsive descriptions of sexual escapades of the main character."
"This book was amazing! I've never read anything like it, not even other Orwell. After this I read every book and paper he'd ever published. An ominous vision of his future and our present."
"1984 was a successful record not only because it contained solid, catchy hard rock, but also because it incorporated synthesizers into the mix, the first metal album to do so to any serious extent. Although the advances in electronic music make this material sound dated now, it's still a highlight of Van Halen's career. Songs like ""Jump"" contain a pop element that gave 1984 mainstream appeal, and David Lee Roth turned the frontman role into an art form on songs such as ""Panama,"" ""Hot for Teacher,"" ""Drop Dead Legs,"" and ""I'll Wait."" To a large extent, it was 1984 that set the standard for '80s pop metal, and David Lee Roth who set the standard (or takes the blame, depending on your point of view) for the aggressively good-time attitude most pop-metal bands took for their own. --Genevieve Williams"
"I found Nineteen Eighty-Four to be genius in the respect that it is absolutely consistent, and original in some cases, in detailing the State's efforts in gaining total obedience from its victims. Most importantly, Orwell acknowledges the means of gaining unquestioned obedience: annihilating man's reason and independent thought, which in turn erodes his will to live by his own efforts. Despite some minor inconsistencies in the plot, Orwell's theme about man's struggle to live in a totalitarian state is an intense, emotional experience.Cleverly labeled concepts such Newspeak, Doublethink, Thoughtcrime, Sexcrime, etc, are an interrelated, systematic means of destroying man's ability to reason and observe existence objectively.  Objectivity is the means of identifying and differentiating percepts from reality, which are then condensed into concepts.  Without objectivity, concepts cannot be formed; without concepts, language is not possible.  Big Brother recognizes this fact and works backwards by manipulating language to shape concept formation.  The resulting oversimplification of concepts and ideas eventually leads people to question their observation and knowledge. How will one discern the real truth? By relying on an outside authority: the State.The obliteration of the mind is compounded day by day by the harsh, desolate environments and the endless repetition of propaganda.  Dependence, anxiety, and helplessness soon replace independence, confidence, and strength.  Students of philosophy will no doubt see the State's stance on gaining knowlegde, ethics and politics similar to that of Plato, St. Augustine, the Medieval Church, Calvin, Luther, Hegel, Marx, etc.Finally, Orwell states the real reason for gaining man's obedience: power for the sake of power.  Orwell is consistent: Big Brother does not pay lip-service to man's supposed base and evil nature. No, the state wants obedience because it can take it.  This is the politics of, as Ayn Rand once stated, ""might makes right.""Of minor point, there are some minor inconsistencies in the plot.  One must ask the question: how can citizens/automatons, who are constantly conditioned to be totally intellectually and perceptually dependent on the State, run a quasi-technological industry by their own independent reason and actions?  Despite this, the overall point of an omniscient and omnipotent State is understood.Nineteen Eight-four is an excellent book if one wants to observe the effects of the loss of independence and freedom on individuals.  One noteworthy point: Orwell, an avowed socialist, indirectly attempts to distinguish socialism from communism or fascism. Throughout this work he demonstrates the essential need for objectivity and reason in man's life.  Despite this, there is no objective reason to believe that man is his brother's keeper and that he must surrender the fruits of his labor under threat of government compulsion.  History demonstrates socialism (government control of personal property) as the transitional period from some governmental controls to total control.  Observe as evidence the fall of Rome to the Dark Ages, Czarist Russia to Soviet Russia, and Weimar Germany to Nazi Germany."
"A true classic that transcends the boundaries of time, generation, global power distribution, and world culture.With every passing day its pinch is more real. Everytime Fox News does Big Brother speak to control my thoughts while I watch my projection tv, everytime I hear Pink Floyd's Another Brick in the Wall, everytime a non-lobbying blogger is incarcerated, and everytime a new country in the world is branded a regime or evil based on Big Brother's agenda; I think about this book, and my heart skips a beat.What's interesting is that futurists of our era, who have written great classics with dated titles such as 1984 (also. 2001: a space odyssey) have erred on the aggressive side. Amazing as their insights and trend projections might be decades ago, humans do not live up to the pace of projected progress (or decay). Contrary to what Alvin Toffler would have us believe! :-)"
With American politics trying to become big brother this classic tale of a bleak future looks more and more spot on.  Regardless of your political leanings this cautionary story will help you reevaluate what could be in store for this world.
"As a person who lived at socialism and now at capitalism in Russia and outside Russia I can say... '1984' is still actual, regardless of a political system. UNFORTUNATELY. A lot of mind controlling methods, may be not as cruel as in '1984' described, but still same unhuman, are applied all over the world.... I strongly recommend to read this book to younger generation and don't think that it is about gone away Stalin's Russia... IT IS ABOUT OUR TODAY...In Russia and elsewhere. It is not too easy to read it, but when you MUST THINK it is always not easy...."
"1984 is a book written in 1949 by George Orwell and is a prediction of what he thought the future was going to look like in the year 1984. The book revolves around Winston Smith and his life in the outer party, the middle of three classes. Winston lives in the country of Oceania, one of the three major superstates in the world. Orwell secretly hates the communist government though it is very hard for him to do so because there are Telescreens in every room that see everything. To add to the effect there are posters hung everywhere with a face that say ""Big Brother is watching."" Propaganda is constantly shouted through the Telescreens and everyone but Winston believes it for fact. The past is constantly changed and is made to appear that life had always been the same if not worse than it currently is. Winston hopes that the government can be overthrown and he hopes for the success of a secret organization targeted by government propaganda simply known as the brotherhood. He meets a woman who loves him and in secrecy they defy the laws of the government. He also suspects a man from the inner party is in on the plot to overthrow the government. This is a very good book no matter how long after 1984 it actually is now. It provides a very real picture of how the government can control huge populations in poverty. This book gives a view of how life would be if communism were to take hold on very large portions of the world while ridding itself of certain fatal flaws that have caused past governments to collapse. Some of the things in this book are very hard to imagine because they are impossible. Doublethink, for example, is a concept in the book where someone says one thing and believes it, and then believes something else that is contradictory to the first thing, which is hard to understand because it isn't possible for people to actually do so to the degree done in the book, but that is one of the few things that are impossible in the book"
"I do not much enjoy reading the works of George Orwell; they are far too grim and pessimistic for me.  Despite their unpleasantness, however, Orwell's books are amongst the finest ever written, particularly ""Animal Farm"" and his masterwork, ""1984"".  Having recently experienced ""1984"", my being is still in a state of disarray, as will be that of anyone who encounters the novel.  ""1984"" challenges everything humankind stands for, examines what it means to be human, and then spits on the face of humanity.  It does more than that, though - it also tears out all our insecurities and flaws, exposes them in bright sunlight, and then strips us of all confidence and hope, leaving us feeling like little more than dust in the wind.  And yet still ""1984"" is as much a celebration of humanity as it is a ghastly warning of the dystopia awaiting us should we allow the human spirit to be corrupted.Orwell's novel was written in 1949, shortly after the end of World War II and the detonation of the atomic bomb, and the paranoia and fear that arose from those conflicts as well as from the threat of communism (which even at this time Orwell was well aware of) clearly spawned ""1984"".  The book is set in 1984, probably (because in the future no one can really keep track of the years).  The world has been grouped into three opposing forces: Oceania, Eurasia, and Eastasia.  Winston Smith is a citizen of Oceania (which grew from America and England, among others), living in London.  In this society, you are monitored at all time, primarily through ""telescreens"" placed in every room (a telescreen being a device which transmits and receives information simultaneously).  When you are alone, you are never really alone.  Individualism is not only discouraged against - it is forbidden.  Everyone must work toward a better Oceania.  Sex is frowned upon, and is to be used strictly for reproductive purposes.  The only music and films are those put forth by the government, and there is no such thing really as ""entertainment"".  One's time should be divided between work and community activies, such as joining the Anti-Sex League or, for children, joining the Spies, a group which encourages youth to turn in their parents should they commit ""thought crime"".  Thought crime is when, even for a moment, one should think a negative thought about the government.  Crime is monitored by the Thought Police, an elite and secretive government organization which ""vaporizes"" criminals - that is, takes offenders in their sleep and erases all records of their existence.  In essence, this future society is a far more perturbing version of communism.Winston is 39 years old and works at the Ministry of Truth, a division of government dedicated to revising old news articles so that any record of something being slightly different from the way it is at the present does not exist.  (Time is shaped and controlled, even, by the government.)  Winston is a dreamer, however, and he suspects that things were not always this bad.  Not that that could be proven; any real documents detailing life before the last few years say only that it was very bad.  One day he buys a journal and begins writing in it - an act punishable by death, should ever it be discovered by the Thought Police.  He fantasizes about a future when the ""proles"", the majority of society, the peasants, will rise up against Big Brother (the mascot and ruler of Oceania) and overthrow the government, returning things to the way Winston believes they once were.  Winston doesn't think of any way to begin this revolution on his own, however, until he receives a note from a co-worker whom he suspects to be a member of the Thought Police.  Then Winston discovers the ultimate way to rebel: he falls in love.How grievous an existence George Orwell must have led.  ""1984"" is the work of a man not only perturbed, but horrified of the future he saw looming ahead.  Fortunately, 1984 has come and gone and present society is not anywhere near as terrible as Orwell's dystopia, but under the control of George W. Bush and our current government it is growing nearer.  Thus the message of ""1984"" comes across strong as ever, and the ""inevitable"" future it predicts remains the most horrific thing imaginable.  Indeed, ""1984"" is very probably the most unnerving novel ever written.Nevertheless, it MUST be read.  It is the strongest message one could send about staying true to the ideals of those who founded the United States of America, but more than that, it is the strongest warning one could make about violating human rights.  Human rights must be protected, whether the human in question is black, white, American, Japanese, man, woman, criminal, innocent.  Otherwise, society will turn into the nightmare predicted in ""1984"", and that is the most tragic thing I can conceive.It's endlessly terrifying, entirely bleak, and ultimately hopeless, but ""1984"" is a brilliant novel and unquestionably one of the greatest ever written.  George Orwell set out to concoct the most powerful and timeless warning he could, and ""1984"" was his grandiose success.  The human spirit must not be oppressed, lest all that should remain are humankind.  And what is humankind without humanity?"
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those.  He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity.  They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"1984 can do without my review I suppose, it's been around for more than 50 years and it's a classic. So that means you must read it! Unless you are very sensitive, because some of the tortures described leave you with a strong sense of impotence. The book also has very surprising and unexpected plot changes."
"This book was great but made me so afraid for the future. The book was written sometime in the 40s or 50s and takes place in England in 1984. In this futuristic world Big Brother is the boss and everything he says is right even if he's wrong. Everyone is under constant surveillance and history can be erased or changed at Big Brother's whim.The form of government in this book is similar to that of any tyrant totalitarian. What happens in this book is something that I believe could happen to society if we let the government obtain too much power over the people. It really gave me a new perspective on just how easily things can change in the world. Overall I was really nervous for the future of the world, but I couldn't put the book down. It is really well written and it kept me guessing until the end.I felt really badly for the two main characters. I couldn't even imagine what I would do in their situation. This was a great book. I love it. This is a must read for everyone."
"Were you aware that Tony Blair and The labour party are almost universally despised in the UK?Tony Blair is finished, but the way that Gordon Brown arrogantly swaggers about, becoming more presidential by the day, tells me that the poisonous Labour Party still has plans for us.This is a tricky book to review. So much has been written about it since its publication that the question has to be: what on earth can be said about it that hasn't already been said or written?This is a horror novel - pure and simple. Smith's predicament is awful and utterly believable, all thanks to Orwell's bleak, desperate prose and brutally insightful imagination. It could also be described as prophetic, I think.The novel opens with the totalitarian government already in place, the masses already beaten into submission - but how did it all start? No government could shift from Democracy (however false), to this novel's style of complete control and brainwashing overnight. I would love to know Orwell's thoughts about how the transition was made - and how long it took...Would Orwell take a look at the style of government we have now, and see the beginnings of dangerous state interference at work? The way Tony Blair and Gordon Brown have created a government based on deception and manipulating the public may sound alarm bells in Orwell's mind - if only he were here to have his say.People have pride in their national identity - their nation's history, as well. So that needs to be eroded first. How would Big brother do that in the novel? Maybe it started with opening the country's borders to anyone that fancied it, so that the national identity that binds people together could start to dissolve - all in the name of ""diversity"". Maybe early Big Brother insisted on smearing anyone who argued against this as ""racist"". Sound familiar?But Big Brother wouldn't stop there, would it? It would need to quicken theEradication of National Identity by binding as many nations together by whatever means it could; a single currency, a common foreign policy between nations, perhaps? Maybe that's how Orwell would have written it if 1984 contained Big Brother's back story. That would just be the start, wouldn't it?Perhaps Big Brother would construct the largest DNA database in the world, and try and force the people to carry ID cards containing DNA samples? Maybe it would want to bug the cars on its streets so that the police would automatically know who had broken the speed limit, and where the driver was when they did it? Sound familiar?It's impossible to know how Orwell would have handled Big Brother's back story, and also ridiculous to say that such a society and government could never exist. Ask a Romanian.In a few years you could ask a Brit"
"""1984"" is a book which perhaps needs no introduction.  It is a dreadful, dreary tome which evokes the very nature of despair in the attentive reader who is also aware of how close civilization teeters near Orwell's fictional precipice.  In a very real sense, George Orwell futuristic view of a world dominated by three superpowers perpetually at war is actually a treatise on the destruction of an individual's soul.Winston Smith is a lonely man employed by the nation of Oceania's Ministry of Truth.  His job is largely the correction of documents which were written incorrectly; i.e., have information pertinent to the doings of a person who does not exist--or rather, a person who does not exist anymore and who the government wishes to phase out of existence altogether, past, present, and future.  The what of this job is making someone an unperson, a concept which is both noun and verb.Citizens are always watched and closely monitored by Big Brother, an omnipresent, omniscient representation of the Party leader.  Even dissenting thoughts, thoughtcrime, are punishable offenses.  Winston Smith is cursed with an above-average intellect and ability to remember things...such as, in direct opposition to Party rhetoric, Oceania has NOT in fact always been at war with Eurasia (one of the other three superpowers).  This, slowly, eats into his psyche until he commits two grand offenses contradictory to Party dogma:  he falls in love and rales against Big Brother's dictates in his own mind.  These two acts of resistance set the stage for the book's climax where Winston's status of plebian worker bee versus enlightened man will be ultimately decided.This book, in the vein of ""Darkness at Noon"", not only explores the idea of life under a totalitarian government, but also how persons of power, through threat, force, intimidation, logic, or seduction are able to literally change one's thinking.  Manipulation of thought, as suggested by these two books, is simple for a dedicated, organized, and powerful entity to accomplish, as all human's beliefs are essentially as malleable as gold, though less valuable.  This idea is the real heart of ""1984"", while the futuristic environment, Newspeak, and illustrations of single Party influence are only interesting backdrops.  Manipulation of an individual's thought, even as these new beliefs contradict old beliefs or even known reality, constitutes the destruction of the individual's soul.*spoiler*The 20-30 page interrogation of Winston Smith in the final portion of the book shows, through vivid dialogue and Smith's own internal monologue, our protagonist's gradual acceptance of Big Brother's truth as his own.  In Soviet Russia, before a dissenter's execution, it was important to the Party that one publically announce all one's ""crimes.""  In George Orwell's ""1984"", Big Brother wants much more...he wants you to believe what you are saying as you publically renounce yourself and admit your crimes.  The interrogation and oft-borrowed ""Room #101"" scenes are some of the finest writing in modern literature.*end spoiler*""1984"" is a must-read for everyone on Earth.  Once we realize how truly easy it is for organized groups or charismatic individuals to get us to believe virtually anything they want us to believe, we will finally become more careful about what we ""know"" as ""fact"".As an aside:  this book is often placed in the same category as Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World.""  I am extremely familiar with both books and personally believe that grouping them together is similar to saying that ""The Island of Dr. Moreau"" and ""The Island"" should be grouped together simply because they both have the word ""island"" within their title.  ""Brave New World"", while not valueless, is a markedly inferior book to ""1984"", almost juvenille in it's depictions of social isolation of the quasi-protagonistic ""Outsider"" and in the protrayal of future life in the ethically-challenged, biologically-dictated caste structure of Huxley's future vision.  Spare a moment to read ""Brave New World"", but group it not into Winston Smith's dire future world."
"This is the best science fiction story I have ever read. George Orwell constantly had me on the edge of my seat never knowing whether the Thought Police would catch Winston expressing his opinion. I really liked the way Orwell writes this book as if 1984 was such a distant future. It makes me think if our forms of government worldwide are getting to that point. This novel really made me think about how corrupt our government is and how they can do just about anything they want as in the story. Orwell also constantly uses great description. This line in particular I really enjoyed, ""Outside, even through the shut window pane, the world looked cold. Down in the street little eddies of wind were whirling dust and torn paper into spirals, and though the sun was shining and the sky a harsh blue, there seemed to be no color in anything except the posters that were plastered everywhere."" I loved the way Orwell gave this description of London, it makes me see such a colorless world with no sign of any emotion. There were certain aspects that had me confused however. Orwell's use of huge vocabulary had me confused at times and I would read many paragraphs over to get the full understanding. However it is good for yound readers such as myself to learn many new words. Orwell gave his knowledge about how our government today, isn't that far off as in the government in the story to millions of readers. This novel made me better understand on how things are setup in our society and how we as people need to understand that the government's power is a problem.I highly recommend this novel to everyone. - RA, EASTLAKE"
"1984. It was a year, and it is also a book. The book is a classic. You cannot finish high school without reading it. And why is it considered a classic? For the creepy window it gives us on what the future may be. And like all disturbing images of the future, people are now convinced it is coming true.As is the case with many other modern classics, as time goes by, people are absolutely convinced that the situation is getting worse, and that slowly, slowly we are moving towards a totalitarian universe like there is in ""1984"". What I think is that with so many people reading the book, we'll stay farther away from the disturbing image Orwell (or Blair, more accurately) painted for us.""1984"" can't really be summed up, but it's pretty simple, when you think about it. Totalitarian state. No freedom, even in your head. Methods of brain-washing. Constant propaganda. It's as freedom-less as you can get. And in this state you have a few people who try to fight back, but by this time it's practically impossible.I both liked and disliked this book. I think that it's definitely creepy and good, but on the other hand, there were many parts that were simply too boring. As someone who has managed to survive through the great unabridged classics (think War and Peace, The Count of Monte Cristo, etc.), having twenty pages of ""1984"" be unreadable was an incredible failure on the writer's part. There were parts that did not have to be as boring as they were. Honestly, the plot is a bit flimsy too. The love story isn't exactly a love story, but more of a passion story. I happened to enjoy the second half of the book much more, where it all starts to make sense and become clear how the government has so much power.If you want me simply to tell you what the book is about, I can't. It's not exactly describable. You have to read it to understand. You shouldn't trust other people's opinions either. Everyonoe thinks differently in regards to this book. You have to read it to find out, and you HAVE to read it.On the other hand, if all you're looking for is the ""anti-utopia"" book, go for the much better, much more interesting ""Brave New World"". ""Brave New World"" follows the same concepts (though it preceded ""1984""), but is written in a much easier manner and is a superb book. Read THAT first, and then move on to here.I recommend you read this book. While it's not superb, it's the sort of book everyone needs to read. It is informative, slightly creepy near the end, and very powerful at the end. It does its job, showing us what the world may be like if we don't take care of it. It's a must read, but beware of some boring parts."
GEORGE ORWELL HAD IT RIGHT.  FRIGTENING HOW HE PERDICTED TODAYS POLICTICAL TRAVESTIES.
Its after you complete the book that it will begin to effect you.  You will start seeing the world around you with a different set of eyes.  A must read.
"I greatly enjoyed this audio book, partly because the narrator's vocal gifts brought alive the various characters and thier accents. I also enjoyed revisitng a book that I had read long ago, in the earlry years of my life. I now was able to see more clearly the fears inspired by the Communist party in post-war Eastern Europe and China, and how those events inspired Orwell's writing of this book and the reactions of his audience."
"Wow. This book was very disturbing and depressing. It is also a literary masterpiece that deserves it's status as a classic. Orwell's vision of a future totalitarian state sent shivers up my spine. Imagine a society where every ounce of individuality has been eradicated. There is no room for love of anything or anyone except ""Big Brother"" and ""The Party."" There are ""telescreens"" everywhere that monitor your actions and pick up the slightest deviation from ""orthodoxy."" Vocabulary is constantly being diminished in order to eliminate excess thinking. A suspicious facial expression is sufficient to have the thought police kicking down your door and dragging you away in the middle of the night. This is the frightening future world that George Orwell foresaw in the future of western civilization. Although the book is a work of fiction, many proclaim Orwell as a prophet. They argue that we are indeed heading toward this type of society. Whether this is true or not is debatable, but one thing is certain, '1984' is a true classic of western literature."
"1984 is a dark and melancholy novel depicting the life of the average intellectual in a totalitarian world. The decription is striklingly deep and realistic. People who have lived in authoritarian countries would connect a lot with this book. Orwell, with great skill, creates a world where there is no hope, love, or comprehension. The reader is bound to connect with the characters and indulge in the events. After reading this book you will perceive life and history in a different way."
"Katelyn Bollow  Hour:4  Book Project1984 was one of the best books I have ever read. The main character, Winston, goes through a series of events. First he gets a little green book that he writes nasty things in. He goes on through life watching this girl who seems suspucious. She gives him a note that says: I love you. Winston and the girl, Julia, get together. They have some good times. Then they join a group that is against the Party(people who own and watch everyone). They both get caught by the Thought Police. They go into what is called ""jail"". They get tourmented and badly hurt. While they are doing this they get seperated and later on meet each other again. All this is taking place in London, on the streets, in work,and in the ""jail"". As Winston is in ""jail"" he learns by being tourmented. He learns that the Party can never be beat. It will always win. 1984 is a book I highly suggest. 10/31/06-11/1/06"
"The book 1984 by George Orwell is wonderful book about the effects of communist on society. Orwell does amazing job, showing both sides, society and ruler point of view. I think this book is for someone who willing read a challenge and has to have an understanding of what there reading."
"""1984"" has made an impressive impact on literature, as well as society in general. It is a classic of the dystopian (or ""Negative Utopia"") genre. Though it was written in 1949, and the real year 1984 has already passed, the totalitarian society of the future George Orwell describes is remarkably believable and seems more possible than ever. The world of ""1984"" is much different than our present world; the territories are now divided into Oceania (which includes Great Britain and the Americas), Eurasia (includes the Soviet Union), and Eastasia (includes China, Japan, and Korea). These three powers are engaged in perpetual war, in which alliances are constantly formed and split. The governments of each of the three ""superstates"" has an enormous amount of control over the citizens and media. ""Big Brother"", ruler of Oceania, is seen as an omnipotent, infallible leader. The departments of Oceanian government are the Ministry of Peace (concerned with war), the Ministry of Plenty (concerned with rations of food and other goods), the Ministry of Love (concerned with the arrest and torture of those opposing the government), and the Ministry of Truth. The Ministry of Truth is perhaps the most influential of the four, as it is concerned with spreading propaganda of the Party (the only political group allowed in Oceania). The government places ""telescreens"" in most of the citizens' homes and various public places, which are generally unable to be turned off. These telescreens continuously provide information about government affairs. They can also be used as monitors for the government to observe what citizens are doing inside of their homes at any given time. The book centers around the protagonist, Winston Smith, a citizen of London, in Oceania. He is employed in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, where he alters recent and historical articles and documents to coincide with what the Party desires to be represented as absolute fact. He finds his work challenging and interesting, but starts to increasingly wonder about the real facts that are hidden in the past and deeply questions ""Ingsoc"" (the form of English Socialism in Oceania's government). Winston begins keeping a journal of his thoughts about life and government, sitting at a place in his house away from his telescreen so he can't be watched. This is just one small part of a chain of events that leads him to become increasingly evasive and defiant of the Party, trying to keep out of the government's watch. Winston becomes romantically involved with a girl named Julia, who also detests the government's restrictions and lies. Winston and Julia try to sneak away to places free from government surveillance as often as they can, so they can be together. Winston hears rumors of a ""Brotherhood"", a group secretly working to disobey, and perhaps eventually overthrow, the Party. He constantly searches for evidence that such a group really does exist and that there may be hope for a revolution after all. Orwell takes important details into consideration to make this society seem real, particularly ""Newspeak"". Newspeak is regarded as Oceania's official language, and is ""the only language in the world whose vocabulary gets smaller every year"". The goal of Newspeak's usage is to narrow the range of thought and individuality. Synonyms and antonyms are constantly being obliterated and many meanings can be summed up with greater rapidity than in ""Oldspeak"" (standard English) through abbreviations. Though Oldspeak is still used throughout the course of the novel, Newspeak phrases often appear in government publications and occasionally in dialogue. One of the common expressions, ""doublethink"", occurs when citizens accept the government's new and false facts as truth, in the place of previously established and real facts. The fear and oppression within such a society, where words are twisted in the government's favor and freedom of expression is destroyed, is conveyed with incredible believability in Orwell's work."
"""1984"" is one of the most well-known novels of the 20th century, perhaps ever. It is also one of the most misunderstood.Many readers assume that the novel is anti-Communist and anti-socialist. Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, Orwell was a socialist himself. During the Spanish Civil War, he fought for a revolutionary party called POUM, ""the Workers Party for Marxist Unification"". Sounds pretty socialist to me. Orwell was anti-Stalinist, but believed Stalinism to be a perversion of true socialism.So is his novel an attack on Stalinism, then? Both yes and no. ""1984"" was written in 1948 and published in 1949. During this time, many intellectuals believed that Stalinism and capitalism would eventually merge, creating a new system, combining the worst aspects of both. This feared system of the future was often called ""bureaucratic collectivism"". Rizzi, Schachtman and Burnham believed it could happen. Trotsky vacillated on the issue. Orwell must have believed in the grim possibility of ""bureaucratic collectivism"" himself. That is what his novel is really all about.""1984"" is set in a futuristic society called Oceania. On the surface, Oceania is Stalinist. But on a closer look, it actually looks like a strange mixture of the Soviet Union and the British Empire. On the one hand, Oceania has a unproductive planned economy. On the other hand, it fights for colonial supremacy in Africa and Asia. Indeed, its main bases of power are the Anglo-Saxon nations.The ideology of Oceania is called ""English Socialism"", an obvious combination of the British and the Soviet. Oceania is run by a party, divided into the Inner Party and the Outer Party. The underclass is called proles. This is both a reference to the hierarchic Stalinist party in the USSR, and to the traditional British class structure: upper class (Inner Party), middle class (Outer Party) and working class (the proles). Interestingly, the proles are kept in line by mass-produced pornography. This, of course, is another veiled reference to the West. No such thing existed in Stalin's Soviet Union.Even Big Brother himself may be a composite character. Principally, he is a symbol for Stalin, and apparently even looks like Stalin. (And his constant opponent, Goldstein, is a symbol for Trotsky. The mysterious ""book"" is presumably Trotsky's ""The Revolution Betrayed"".) However, some people believe that the inspiration for Orwell's slogan ""Big Brother is Watching"" comes from a 1930s advertising campaign in the US, where a certain corporate owner declared ""Let me be your Big Brother"" amidst an enormous portrait of himself!""1984"" is undoubtedly a very influential novel. Many terms from the book have become household words, like ""Newspeak"", ""Thoughtcrime"" and ""Memory Hole"". The same is true of the slogan ""Big Brother is Watching You"" or even the term ""Orwellian"", derived from the very name of the author. Indeed, if you haven't read this novel, you could be considered culturally illiterate.It's a pity that such a popular novel has been so misunderstood. But perhaps that is the fate of all popular novels?"
"The book 1984 is a dystopian novel, (a novel about a nightmarish world) set in the year 1984, written by George Orwell. The setting of the book is Airstrip One, formerly London, England, and is ruled by a totalitarian ruler with the title Big Brother. The book is a commentary on communism. For example, the features of Big Brother are close to those of Stalin's, and their political group is referred to as the party. The story line follows a Winston Smith, who is wary of the party's rules and is thinking of rebellion. He first starts writing a diary, which is strictly illegal of the party. He meets up with two allies who share his quest, one a beautiful women and the other a member of the inner party, or the head of the group. But other than that, I can't say. This is as far as I've gotten before this review was due What I enjoy about 1984 is the suspense. You are never quite sure about what is going to happen next. The plot is a bit slow in the first few pages, but then gets faster as the book goes on. As for the characters, they are people you can relate to and you can always picture them in your head. The book will keep you on a train ride of suspense and intrigue as you read of the demolished world that could've been in 1984."
"Orwell's tale of a society where not only behaviour, but also thought is controlled, seems to grow ever more relevant as the years pass and new technologies of surveillance emerge.  1984's concept of `Big Brother' has passed into everyday use, and the `telescreens' used not just to broadcast, but to watch people, increasingly appear throughout the real-world society in the form of surveillance cameras.  Whilst the totalitarian governments of `Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia' depicted by Orwell may seem to have passed (in the majority), his general sense of helplessness, as expressed through both the protagonist Winston, and the oppressive atmosphere, is as relevant today as during the years of the Cold War.  A timeless and enduring tale that will remain relevant and controversial well into the future, despite being set in the past."
"I recommend 1984 because it was a great book for people who pay attention to the government and its happenings. Its not only politics its has a hint of a love story, but its mostly about the control of the government in a totalitarian society. It was really interesting how it gave a look at the life of somebody in that kind of society where you have no freedom or choices. 1984 makes you want to know whats happening in government more. It was also fun to see what he thought 1984 would be like because 1984 was nothing like it.The book i believe would to be too hard from anything below 6th grade, a slight challenge for middle schoolers and a perfect level for mid highschool any older or wiser it would be a great quick read."
"Orwell's _1984_ has become such a part of everyday language, a re-reading was in order.  I was amazed at how well his frightening vision of the future has withstood the test of time, and how easily one can read the present (whether the ealy 21st century or the mid-20th century) into his story.  Truly, human nature has not changed (nor is it likely to.)Eric Blair, nee George Orwell, was a socialist and idealist whose hopes of a better world were dashed with the arrival of a Stalinist system in central Europe.  His disaffection with this was the impetus for his book.  It remains relavent today as governments contiune to attempt to manipulate and control their populations.  (This has always been the case throughout history - a major difference now, of course, is the sophistication and technology at government's disposal - Orwell recognized this.)While Orwell's vision of the future has not come to pass (nor is it likely to), _1984_ remains one of the greatest books of the last century and is certainly worth a read - or a re-read as the case may be.  Highly recommended."
"That is what George Orwell warns us against in his bone-chilling and now increasingly accurate description of a world of revisionist history and massive invasion of privacy, abetted by technology to produce a society of conformity and fear.Borne out of Orwell's personal experiences in Burma (the present day, repressive Myanmar) and his observations of totalitarianism at mid-Twentieth Century, ""1984"" is the story of an average bureaucrat of middling intelligence who seeks no more than to be a whole man who can think and speak his mind, display passion outwardly, and not lie awake wondering who may be watching him. Paranoia rules. Orwell gives us a riveting, sometimes grotesque explanation of what it finally takes in ""1984"" for one man to try to restore whatever remains of his genuine identity and self-respect.Since the first publication of this timeless work around 1948 (reverse the digits, you're through the looking glass), Orwell's philosophical sentries have made a point of looking for examples in recent history to prove how prescient he was, and those signposts abound. For example, in the U.S., the Department of War was renamed the Department of Defense (Newspeak), a soldier in Vietnam had to ""destroy the village to save it"" (Doublethink), certain municipal hate crime legislation was enacted to curb the utterance of mean-spirited language  short of action, and law enforcement officials began publicly naming so-called ""persons of interest"" and spending years tracking their activities under the microscope of media coverage. Later, opponents of the Iraq War were branded by the government as unpatriotic (Thought Police). Overseas, Europe and Iran continue to feud over the existence of the Holocaust, with one government staging a conference to help prove it didn't exist while Austria threatens an anti-Semite with prison, raising the nettlesome issue of to what degree free speech should be curtailed in the name of community stability as defined by government.""1984"" does not have a happy ending. Its last four words slam the book shut on freedom. Orwell hoped to foment enough concern with his masterpiece to influence the course of history, and he has to some degree succeeded. There are millions of people around the world who have yet to taste true freedom and who will not relent until they have acquired it. There are others who constantly observe Big Brother, latter-day Orwells who gird each day for a fight to defend individual liberty.A quarter-century after the real 1984, the public and private sectors, enabled by technology, have made it easier to know what the public is saying, thinking, and feeling. And in our own discourse as individual citizens, some of us have taken to playing fast and loose with the facts, or retreating from the world of terra-firma into a make-believe electronic neighborhood.Will we, as a people, accept the ""truthiness"" of a Web posting, manufactured definitions on Wikipedia, or be content to have high-powered computer algorithms track our Web footprint in the name of consumerism? Will we retreat to our iPods and virtual reality games? How well will we pay attention? How much do we read? What do we read? And when are we willing to speak up, and to whom?""The price of freedom is eternal vigilance"". - Jefferson"
"This book is incredible.  So he wrote this book in like 1950's I believe? and hes writing about 1984.. about the future.. and he was right.. he does an amazing job writing about how the government controls the people.. about how the government uses propaganda, how the government watches the people, listens to the people.. this book is good if you care about the world. this book is good if you are aware of propaganda and how people are fooled by it. this book is good if you are someone who doesn't want to be controlled or fooled.kindof like the way we are today sadly.."
"1984 tells the story about what the writer George Orwell thought the world would look like in 1984 if Hitler and Stalin would have seen the victory together in the 2nd world war. Orwell projects a totalitary and brutal world. The world has become a totalitary nightmare. The government and its leader Big Brother control their citizens with an iron fist and a heart of steel. Everybody is being watched every second of the day were ever they might be.The main character of the book, Winston Smith, has felt a feeling in the back of his mind his whole life. He has always felt that something is wrong, there is something in his society is not the way Big Brother claims.On a deeper level 1984 is not about a single person, it's about a society, a dictatorship more totalitarian then anyone might have imagined. 1984 is one of our times most discussed and quoted books. How come? First of all it's a brilliant descriptions of the hitting similarities between fascism and communism even thought the ideas are different the product those ideologies being with them are always dictatorship and oppression.Up until 1984 there was a saying all over the world. When a state or government did something to control or supervise citizens people said ""This is like 1984"", it became a expression.In my opinion 1984 is one of the best books ever, mostly for its extremely hitting critic towards society. Certainly the book is written in a past time, but still it tells us something about today society. George ORwells nightmare during the forties is alarmingly much like the world today. Even if you look past the society critic, 1984 is still a very good book. Orwell is in my opinion a master when it comes to describing environments and persons. The half sci-fi environment feels as realistic as anything I have ever read.At last, some words of wisdom. George Orwell have been quoted many times, this is one of his more famous quotes from 1984, think about it fore a moment."" - Political language - and with variations this is true of all political parties, from Conservatives to Anarchists - is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.""./ Jakobs Erik Danielsson  Gagnef,Sweden"
"This is a great book, as is Animal Farm.  It's horrifying,enaging,and sad at the same time.  I also love the language. Nineteen Eighty-Four is probably one of my favorite books ever."
"George Orwell's bleak book is one of the top selling books of all time, currently selling over 750,000 copies every year. This volume is probably because many schools have the book as required reading, but it still shows just how important and powerful this book is in modern times.Written back in 1948, the book was primarily a warning against the communism of Soviet Russia and what that style of government could do to society. Many of the phrases and images in the book have become part of our culture. We expect people to understand what ""Big Brother"" means when we refer to it. We talk about the ""thought police"". If only to be able to understand modern conversation and references, this is a book to have familiarity with, just as having at least a passing knowledge of events in the Bible will help you understand references in culture to 40 days and 40 nights of floods, gathering animals up two by two, and so on.But aside from its position as a ""foundation of certain phrases in society"", how does the book stand as an actual story? As with most fables, it is very heavy handed. There are few shades of grey in this book. The government is Evil. Evil, Evil, Evil. They delight in being evil. The people are completely helpless and know this. They march around in their dingy lives, watching as things get progressively worse, and knowing they cannot do anything to change it. Their life is going to suck, and then they are going to die. Even if they break the rules to grab momentary happiness, they know that this is doomed. They will be found out eventually.It is impressive that a writer in the late 40s was able to come up with some of the technology that he did, the pervasive ability of the government to watch and scan everybody. The ability for a power (government, media, educational institutions) to mold the human mind subtly had already been shown over the centuries in a variety of situations, so that was less of a stretch. Go to any corporation, any university, and you'll find indoctrination being done at many levels, usually for ""good cause"". Building school spirit by uniting against a classic foe is all in fun - but that ability to build up hate so easily gives one pause.On the other hand, Orwell missed out on the power of massive computer networks. With the advent of TV and the Internet, viewers have the luxury of multiple information sources. This is something unprecedented in our history. Back in medieval days, you only knew what your local priest told you as far as news went. Most people could not read, and few traveled. Even in South Africa before apartheid was abolished they refused to bring in TVs, for fear that the population would be able to learn about life outside their own lands. That isolation is almost impossible in modern times. With a computer, you can gain access to news sources from around the world - both commercial and personal. You can hear, from people in Sudan, what life is like there. Even in countries like China where they attempt to control access to certain sites, there is always a way out, to find out from different sources what is going on.The book is still of course a cautionary tale, a warning of allowing any particular power to go too far. It is a look into the way human emotions can be manipulated, and how a society can be pressed down. However, it's important to remember this is a fable, a deliberate ""Bleak! Despair! Death!"" overly cynical view of things. In reality, we have seen *many* societies who were pressed down, and who successfully rebelled. Mankind is far more resiliant than portrayed here.SPOILER ALERTA key scene in the book involves the lead character's ""betrayal"" of his loved one. First he is tortured for months and months, something which makes little sense in any realistic viewing of these events. It is actually brought up by the character as being silly, and a throw-away answer is given. If the government actually spent this much time and effort feeding and torturing every single person who committed a crime, there would be no workers left. It is a plot device to ratchet up the tension in the story. The tension reaches its climax with a specific torture - the character is going to have a cage of rats attached to his head. This is, of course, his Worst Fear. To evade it, he asks that the box be put on his girlfriend instead. At this great betrayal, his heart is shattered.That this was some incredible failing that should have shattered his spirit does not make sense. Every human body has limits of emotional and physical pain. As much as we might value pride, honor, loyalty, love, or whatever else we hold dear, there will always be a point at which we will break. Knights who trained from birth to live a life of honor could be forced to confess if tortured for long enough. That is why things like cyanide pills exist in spy novels.Still, even though those parts of the story always nag at me when I read it, I do find the general lessons the book tries to convey to be quite important ones, and for that reason I definitely count this as a book that every adult should have read at least once."
"1984 overview/reviewIn the beginning of 1984, Winston, you might think, is a normal Outer Party member, but when you get to the second chapter, it becomes clear that he is against Big Brother, the hero of the totalitarian state he lives in.An obscure friend of his, Syme, lectures him on newspeak at cafeteria's, his ""Girlfriend"", Julia, appears before as another Outer Party member, slipping a note into Winston's pocket in the bathroom, reading, ""I love you"". Confirming the fact that Julia does not want to kill Winston, but the exact opposite. O'Brien, the friend of Winston, though also his torturer in the Ministry of love, (Miniluv) incorporates him into a secret society, ""The Brotherhood."" O'Brien gives Winston a quick glance, in turn beginning their friendship. Eventually Julia and Winston are found out by the Thought Police and both are brought to the Ministry of Love for torture, after which, Winston finds himself in a café. Winston is brainwashed into thinking certain ideas, ending with Winston himself succumbing to the thought police. A truly depressing and suspenseful book, a book that all should read.Even though Oceania is a controlled government, it still has signs of falling apart. Oceania is in constant war, and indicates that it is destroying itself, for the sake of the war, perhaps for propaganda. Newspeak is the language of Oceania, and a propaganda language as well, the three slogans that the party has, ""Ignorance is Strength,"" ""War is Peace,"" and ""Freedom is Slavery."" Are quite untrue, but the Proles choose not to worry about it, while party members use ""Doublethink"" mostly.Suggesting this is a good book is unworthy, this is an AWESOME book, so you should read it, get depressed."
"The idea of ""Big Brother"", government prying into our privacy, has become so engrained in our culture, its easy to forget that the phrase came from this classic dystopia.  Orwell's ""Big Brother"" is much worse than the way the term is commonly used.  In this vision of the future, the people exist to serve the purposes of ""The Party"" and ""Big Brother"" is the personification of the Party.  Big Brother not only spies on people and control their actions, he tries to read and control their thoughts and emotions.  The goal of the party is to stamp out free thought, and force humans to become little more than automatons.  One of the clearest incarnations of this control is Newspeak, the Party's new language, designed to limit the ability to think or express forbidden ideas or feelings.While the idea of ""Big Brother"" is generally used to caution against government encroachments into privacy, this book is really more about the freedom of thought and emotion, and its importance in defining us as human.  It is only when we are free to think and feel and believe as we wish that we are truly free.  While the loss of privacy can threaten our ability to think freely, we must be on guard against other, more insidious attacks on free thought.  Perhaps the greater danger rests in blind belief, without critical thought.  It is only by carefully assessing our beliefs and listening honestly to conflicting views that we can be assured of our independence of thought."
"When I was an undergraduate at UCLA many years ago it was fashionable to compare and contrast the two famous dystopian novels, 1984 by George Orwell and the earlier Brave New World by Aldous Huxley.  Orwell was writing in reaction to communism with which he had become disillusioned while Huxley wrote in reaction to eugenics and the classical conditioning ideas derived from Pavlov and the behaviorists.Which novel more realistically predicted the future?  Which one gave a better critique of the world at the time of its writing?  Which novel was more fun to read?  All science fiction is grounded in the present of course and reflects to a lesser or greater degree not only the author's extrapolations from that present but his or her understanding of the world in which we live.Orwell wrote 1984 in 1948.  His was not strictly intended as a prediction of any kind but a warning.  We thought of it as a prediction though, and in the mid-sixties when I was at UCLA there was a tendency to favor Huxley since 1984 was less than a generation away and it didn't look like the dreary hell of Oceania and the thought police had any chance of materializing that soon.  Clearly the feel good, feelie, drug-infused mindlessness of Brave New World was much more likely even if probably much more than a generation away.So we decided Huxley had more realistically predicted the future (great seers that we were).  But as to which one gave a better critique of the present, we were in agreement: it was Orwell's 1984.  Not that we personally, as privileged members of the great American middle class had been reduced to drinking victory gin and going to rallies for two minutes of hate or had girl friends who were members of the Anti-Sex League.  What we knew though was that a football rally, with just a little malevolent direction, could easily turn into a hate rally; and the Big Brother of Oceania was not at all that different in some respects from the Johnson administration that had (we believed) killed Kennedy and was now engaged in a senseless war in Vietnam from which we were spared as long as we maintained our college deferments.  Orwell's idea that by reducing the words that one could legally speak, by a government imposed reduction in vocabulary through Newspeak, and by an indoctrination of our thoughts through the enforced concept of ""thoughtcrime,"" and by maintaining a constant state of war from without, the populace could be controlled--this was something that seemed so very true.  We had only to witness the relatively recent examples of what had happened in the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany.  The twentieth century was indeed the century of totalitarianism, and although it did not seem to affect us now, with flower children in the streets and free love and doobies on our waterbeds, it was clear that the danger was there lurking in the distance.Furthermore we greatly identified with the secret and illegal tryst of Winston and Julia, who like us, stole hours away from Big Brother (actually we stole them away from parental authority) to meet and make forbidden love.  But what I think really sold us on the psychological truth of 1984 and shocked us greatly were the rats about Winston's face that forced him to betray the only love of his life and in doing so lose his humanity and whatever smidgin of self-respect he had left.  In other words what we saw was the overwhelming power of torture to completely subdue, and as it eventually happened, transform the vital human being into some kind of compliant animal filled with fear and the wretched worship of brute, physical power--humans reduced to defeated creatures glued to the telescreen, smoking government issue cigarettes, drinking government issue gin and cheering government issue soldiers on to the slaughter of distant, hated peoples, while all the while over every vacant space on a wall or billboard was pasted not the Marlboro Man but the face of Big Brother whom the populous had come to love as a beaten dog might love the sadistic human that beats it.As to which novel was more fun to read it was a tossup and depended on your personal choice of genre.  Those who preferred horror to fantasy chose 1984.  Those who could take some secret delight in soma and free sex and in the security of knowing who you were in the stratification of society, chose Brave New World.  A consensus view was that if you were a history or a poli sci major you tended to prefer Orwell's vision; and if you were a psych major, Huxley's.One of the unanswered questions about 1984 is whether it really is possible to reduce the human ability to think by restricting vocabulary and distorting history.  If some words are not allowed to exist and if history is constantly erased and rewritten in order to conform to the current party line, is it not true that we will more and more lose our ability to think independently and become more and more like cogs in a great repressive social/political machine?Final thought: what would Orwell have made of the possibilities of the Internet to enslave the populace?--Dennis Littrell, author of ""The World Is Not as We Think It Is"""
"1984 came and went un eventfully, but if you read this now you might see some parallels to modern day things.  It is 2006 they were told they would always be at war sound familiar.  Rumsfield told us that too.  Read the book and see what Orwell predicted would happen and what is happening.  Then watch the movie made near 1984.  See what you think.  You might want to read brave new world after that by Aldous Huxley.  It is interesting that these authors were so far ahead of the times."
"Reading it in high school didn't have the impact it was supposed to. Like most classics they aren't appreciated until later in life. For me 1984 came in 1994.This classic is about government interference in our lives. It is a jab at the soviet system then, under Stalin. It was easy to draw parallels between the ever-increasing politically correct language and the language that kept evolving in ""1984."" New words like ""herstory"" instead of history seemed absurd. I too felt that government and society were encroaching on my privacy and freedom of speech gradually.The irony is that ""1984"" does not have to be about the political left; it can also be about the political right. Our present government is spying on us in violation of the law. People who challenge our government are called traitors. New phrases of ""flip-flop,"" and ""cut and run"" are used by politicians to increase social and political pressure. These are new words and phrases that keep evolving just like the language evolves in ""1984."" Our government repeatedly makes statements to keep its citizens in a state of fear. Americans can now be locked up as enemy combatants without due process.This is what makes this book such a classic and so timeless. The ink, paper and pen are replaced by the keyboard. The screen is replaced by the one you're are looking at right now.Are we going to end up like Winston and be tortured?  May I have some victory gin please?"
"A preliminary:The site says that this is written by Erich Fromm and George Orwell. NOT TRUE. George Orwell wrote every word himself, and years later Fromm wrote a forgettable afterword. Do not give Fromm more credit than that.I own three copies of this book. I'm currently reading it for the second time and it's better than I remember. This book made me want to write, to teach, to forever immerse myself in the world of literature. It is the most superbly written novel of all time. After this, I devoured all of Orwell's books, to similar (but less) enjoyment. This is truly a book that changed my life. I recommend it to anyone who is capable of reading. Read it again if you've done so before. Put down ""Brave New World"" and ""Farenheit 451"" which cannot come close to the level of greatness achieved in this volume. Read this book. Read this book. Read this book. You will be much better for it."
"this book was unstoppable!i couldnt put it down.i suddenly felt like i was being watched from everywhere just like the folks in the book.ive read it twice.the 1st time i was on winstons side but i learned to love big brother by the time i was done the 2nd time.big brother is watching!writer george orwell gets a lot of props for ""animal farm"" but this ones way better!"
"Written in 1948, George Orwell saw the trends in society that he felt would lead to an over-bearing government who traps the minds and lives of all of its citizens in the near future of 1984.  Orwell switched 1948 to 1984, but his future society is an eerily accurate portrayal of the future that is more 2006 than he could ever really have feared.In 1984, there was a lackluster film of the same name that tried to capture the paranoia and the futuristic evil society.  The film failed, but Monty Python alum Terry Gilliam fortunately brought us his brilliant version in his 1985 film ""Brazil"", which was originally titled ""1984 and 1/2"".  The story is the same premise as Orwell's 1984, and is a must see for those who enjoy the book.I also recommend the equally inspired book/film combinations of Kurt Vonnegut's ""Slaughterhouse Five"" and ""A Clockwork Orange"" by Anthony Burgess.  These movies are just as powerful as the books.  But by no mean should you miss out on reading the books in favour of the films!"
"I recently re-read 1984.  I can count on one hand the books I've re-read in their entirety of my own volition, so that should tell you something about what I think of it.I'll resist the urge to draw current political parallels and just say that the way Orwell portrays how a collective autocracy intent on nothing but preserving its own dominance can erode individuality fascinates and terrifies me like little else I have ever encountered.  Reading this book is a permanent loss of innocence.  You leave it sadder and wiser--but a lot sadder than wiser."
"Although 1984 has come and gone, this book is still just as plausible and important as ever, if not more so.  Orwell writes about a future British police state in which Big Brother (the government) is always watching your every move.  Winston, the main character, innocently tries to learn the truth behind his government's lies only to find that he might have been better off remaining ignorant.  What's particularly disquieting about this book is that we still see aspects of this dystopian society appearing in our world today.  As technology improves, government and businesses have more and more opportunities to monitor what people are thinking and doing.  After reading this book, you can't help but question anything said by the government.  This is absolutely my favorite book, the best of science fiction and a classic as well."
"Richard Brown's voice is perfect for 1984 - a novel about a distopia.  I listened to this while driving to work in my car.  This is a very deep, thoughtful novel to begin with.  It is made so real by a good actor.  I highly recommend this."
"Many readers will love the way that Orwell is able to paint a vivid if bleak picture of the futre of London.  In this masterpiece of dystopian literature, you will find yourself questioning everything that happens in the book.  From the perceived reality to the altered history, it is difficult to tell what is real and what is planned.  This is also the brilliance of the book since you are able to feel as Winston does, never quite sure what the Truth is.  For those that are fans of dystopian lit and even casual readers, 1984 will grip you from the beginning until the ultimate end."
It was interesting to read this book again in 2006. It is fascinating to read this book and then analysis and compare the different governments in today's world.
"I am a second year high school English teacher and I just read this book for the first time because I loved Animal Farm and I am now trying to figure out a way to talk my district into including it in the curriculum.I am not a very political person (I don't even vote), but this is a very interesting read about a society that never existed, but is coming very close to emerging: a society in which someone is ALWAYS watching (think reality TV mixed with Bush's phone taps).If you have never read this book, do yourself a favor and pick it up."
"I recently read the book 1984 by George Orwell.  The novel is set in a dystopian world, where the government rules everything the people do.  The government has placed many rules on the people and if they break these rules, they are taken by the thought police and tortured.  It warns people against the thought of a fully functional totalitarian society.  In the review from AudioFile, they state ""Once considered futuristic, it now conjures fear because of how closely it fits the reality of contemporary times.""  The government that is now in control of Cuba, is like that of the government in control in the book 1984.  In Cuba, Fidel Castro controls what the people do and how much they make, by communism.  He also has the secret police, to install fear into the citizens in Cuba, to keep them from revolting.  Cuba may be fully functioning, but there are a lot of people opposed to Fidel's reign and others that don't want him to be in control any more.In a totalitarian society everyone works for the common good of the government, in turn working for themselves because they live under that government.  In M. Alcat ""bel 78""'s review, he states that ""Freedom was only total obedience to the Party, and love an alien concept, unless it was love for the Party.""  This is something that is a huge aspect of 1984.  Winston, the main character, seems to love Julia more then he loves the Party, which gets him into most of his trouble.  He also doesn't follow the rules of the Party and eventually gets caught by the Thought Police.  Just like Hurdle stated in a Kid's Review ""After Winston bought the journal from the antiques store it was fairly hard to see if he would get caught and arrested because buying that item was illegal.""  Winston almost wanted to break the rules in order to see if he would get caught or not.  When he is caught his some what freedom is taken away from him and he is forced to give up all that he wanted in order to get it back.The novel 1984, although being an awesome book, against totalitarianism, is not the book for all.  I found the book to be boring and I know that I am not the type of person who likes books about dystopias or imperfect worlds.-N.J.Baptiste"
"With freedom on the Internet under attack after big business already mugged the rest of the media and turned them into government sock puppets, this book is more important than ever to read. You may hate Winston Smith for going against himself in the end and being forced to call defeat a ""victory"" but blissful ignorance and non-cooperation and no motivation of putting checks and balances on the elites, whether we're talking business giants or our ever-corrupt politicians especially the neocons will only make it easier for the government and their henchmen elite to take away what previous generation Americans had long fought for and that's the BIG WARNING this book sounds the BIG ALARM on ! Read it, drop that ignorance, and help take back America while there's still a chance to salvage what's left after the damage done for decades !"
So powerful and yet still so relevant. Shows you power of independent thought.
"Out of all the books surrounding the issue of communism, George Orwell's 1984 seems to stand out the most. Although the year 1984, the setting of the book, has passed and the author's predictions have not come true, readers are still frightened by the totalitarian government displayed in the book. 1984 is arguably one of the most controversial books of its kind. Readers question whether or not countries today will ever escalate to the super-states in the book. When the book was released almost sixty years ago, people were drawn to the book because of the growing threat of the Soviet Union. In this thought provoking, realistic, and well-written book, the experiences of the main character illustrate the evils of a controlling, totalitarian government that Orwell warns us to avoid. Winston Smith is an honorable member of the Party. He lives in London, in the year 1984.  He does his job well and follows all of the rules, until one day when he begins to question the government, which is breaking the rules. Winston realizes that he has always subconsciously hated the Party, and he purposefully breaks the law. His thoughts against the Part escalate to the point where he and his girlfriend, Julia, desire to join the underground resistance called the Brotherhood. They are successful in this but are shortly caught, which they expected living in such a controlling government. Winston and Julia promise not to betray each other, even if they get tortured. Unfortunately they are tortured, almost to death, and do end up betraying each other. Apparently no one wins against the Party. Winston hears one man pleading with the guards:`Do anything to me!' he yelled.  `You've been starving me for weeks.  Finish it off and let me die.  Shoot me.  Hang me.  Sentence me to twenty-five years.  Is there somebody else you want me to give away?  Just say who it is and I'll tell you anything you want.  I don't care who it is or what you do to them.  I've got a wife and three children.  The biggest of them isn't six years old.  You can take the whole lot of them and cut their throats in front of my eyes, and I'll stand by and watch it.  But not room 101!'  (p. 240)After being tortured for countless days, Winston finally submits by admitting that two plus two equals five if the Party says so. After this event he comes to love the Party because he is completely brainwashed; he is, in sense, a slave. This science fiction story is different from many others in that it takes a hold of the reader and does not let go. 1984 is also one of a kind; its plot is unique so it will definitely be attractive to readers whom have read many books. George Orwell did a phenomenal job making his book seem realistic. 1984 can be interpreted as a warning against governments alike to the one displayed in the book. Orwell wanted the readers to understand that they must learn from history and past mistakes or else become victimized by their government. The main lesson Orwell was trying to get across is that if authority is not questioned or challenged, authority will take advantage. Some people might say that 1984 is irrelevant because communism has already fallen, but they fail to realize that the ""Party"" can also symbolize corrupt leaders, the media, or even technology. 1984 is an exceptionally well-written book. It seems to draw the reader in and get better as you read further. The reading is very suspenseful. Orwell also knows how much detail to use, which is rare in authors these days. He is praised for his literary devices and even his poetry in his books. Animal Farm, another famous book by Orwell, is basically one big metaphor with personification mixed in. An example of poetry in 1984 is in an old book Winston finds. This poem is symbolic of the future concerning Winston and Juliet: ""Under the spreading chestnut tree / I sold you and you sold me: / There lie they, and here lie we / Under the spreading chestnut tree"" (p. 77). Combining great prose with a controversial and interesting theme will undoubtedly make a good book. Making the reader think deeply is what makes a good book great, and that is exactly what 1984 does.  The main science fiction theme this book displayed was perception of reality which makes the reader think; something that the television rarely does. 1984 is a necessary read for those interested in science fiction and should be read in high schools everywhere. Many of the concepts Orwell predicted almost sixty years ago have become normal in our lives and that is why everyone should read this book."
"1984 is more of a timeless book than ""Animal Farm"" in that while Communism itself has come and gone, the superstate described in this novel, has not.There may be no Ministry of Truth in our time, but who can't see the parallels between the politically correct newspeak and doublethink described in the book and that created by the 'politically correct' wordsmiths of our era?All, in all, a well written book with ""eye opening"" coverart in the Signet edition with forward by Erich Fromm."
"Even though it may be two decades past its proposed occurence, ""1984"" by George Orwell is just as relevant and unsettling as ever.  Orwell crafted an original novel of a negative utopia where humans live under the almost complete power of a government which monitors the actions of all.  Yet there is more to the story than the fate of what happens to its two main characters, Winston and Julia.Winston Smith is discontented; he finds himself more and more having radical thoughts that go against the government, and finds himself taking actions that could get him arrested if these actions were known.  But Winston doesn't care - he knows that there must be more to his life than the lies the government passes off as truth, the very lies that he helps them to rewrite in his job at the Ministry of Truth.  When his path crosses with that of Julia, the two embark on an 'illegal' love affair and further rebellion against Big Brother.  Their effort is doomed to fail and the reader watches the deterioration of Winston's resolve, and of his memory.While the story of ""1984"" is engaging and well-written, the characters vivid and actualized, there is more to the story than such a simple summary.  It is a dark treatise on the effects of power when held in the hands of a few, or even also just the corruption that the drive and desire for power can have.  In a world that is constantly changing and making advancements in technology, the world that Orwell envisioned is all too ghostly familiar.  It would be rather easy to imagine a world where people accept what they are told through the television and other media, without giving it a second thought (or even a first thought) of their very own.  It is all too easy to imagine the world described in ""1984"" even two decades later, for Orwell's nightmare vision has no expiration date."
"I last read this book over ten years ago, but recently felt the urge to rediscover the negative utopia.  In the book, George Orwell may well have been warning of the dangers of the Soviet Union and totalitarianism.  However, even as these facets of our world have faded, the nightmare of 1984 is still too feasible.The plot of a defective man and his internal struggle against an omnipotent government is familiar to most.  The main character Winston Smith can not reconcile the lies that the government has fed to others.  He often sees his comrades as being ""paralyzed by their own stupidity"".  Winston's search for something more not only sanctions the ire of the government, but draws ostracism from his peers.  In the end, we see that without the all controlling government, Winston whithers away into less than a man.  This is the ultimate danger of a government that has grown too powerful.Perhaps no chapter in the book is more potent than Section IV of Chapter III.  In this section, Winston reads from the manual of the brotherhood.  In a passage that is all too real, the book derides the profitability of war, the class stucture/structure of government, and the failures of previous governments.  We also learn the meaning of Big Brother's motto, ""Who controls the past, controls the future; who controls the present, controls the past.""After being in publication for more than half of a century, 1984 is still a literary masterpiece and one of my absolute favorite books."
This is an excellent book.  Great for anyone who loves political sci-fi novels or is simply in for an interesting read.
"1984 will blow your mind. If you are any kind of serious book reader, you MUST read this masterpiece. It gives a deep insight into the human mind, the fears which lead to failures in society and a bone chilling look at a very probable future."
This book was prophetic in many ways. The ideas of Big Brother and War is Peace described what society was and was developing into.  The bleakness of the story adds to its futuristic vision. I recommend this book to those who analyze society and governments.
"I think it would be safe to say that 1984 is a unique story. As far as stories go, it's hard to categorize. Generally speaking, 1984 fits into the fiction category, yet it rings eerily true. It could be called science fiction because of the prominent use of technology in the narrative (telescreens, rocket bombs, etc.), but this doesn't quite fit either. Is it a political treatise on the nature of dictatorships and their nature to suppress all free thought? Yes, that is true too, but even this doesn't quite get it I think.I suppose to get close to its heart, would be to say that it is a fictionalized political and philosophical commentary. While it is ""dystopian and satirical"" according to Wikipedia, and I would agree, it goes beyond this. Its focus is not on any particular dictatorship (although communist Russia comes to mind), but on political power in general. It could readily be used in a political science course. The lecture(s) could be called, ""The philosophy of the dictator"".1984 makes me think of Nietzsche's philosophy which included the so-called ""will to power"". The political genius ""Big Brother"" exercises his power over others to the ultimate extreme. His goal is not merely political suppression or suppression of free speech, but rather the conversion of the hearts of all so that they will love big brother for his own sake. Through reprogramming, Big Brother seeks unified thought and purpose.The story also reminded me of the movie The Matrix and the Borg from Star Trek. In each of these stories, the political elites (the matrix or the collective) use groupthink to accomplish their ends. Big Brother uses it as well. He required the control of language by issuing a ""Newspeak Dictionary"". To get everyone to think along the same lines was his ultimate goal. Those who could not adapt were eliminated because they were like viruses in the system. We see this issue in the film The Matrix. Smith says to Neo that the humans are like a virus that must be eliminated.Unlike the Matrix, where there is a hero, 1984 contains no hero. Winston is not even an anti-hero. He is a cog in the machine. It is almost a pointless story in that sense. The reader does not root for Winston, but only stands as an observer in dismay. It betrays the form of novel and the traditional story arc. There is no vanquishing of evil, no destruction of Big Brother. In this story the bad guy wins in the end. It is intended as a cautionary tale of what can happen to us if we are not careful. From a story point of view, I found 1984 unsatisfying. As far as its political analysis, I found it very profound. It was fascinating to read the ramifications of ultimate power.The commentary of O'Brien during Winston's interrogation, torture and imprisonment was right on the mark. The power structure of Big Brother far surpassed all previous dictatorships. Those in the past did not take it far enough. Big Brother had the courage to take power to the ultimate level. Big Brother intended to make himself a god to be worshipped. His thought would be the only thought. Groupthink would reign supreme.I would recommend reading 1984. While it will not bring a happy feeling to the reader by the overthrow of Big Brother, it is worth reading for its political and philosophical reflections on modern society. We would do well to heed Orwell's warnings regarding the potential loss of freedom. He warns us against the aggregation of too much power in government. Orwell has created a chilling tale that will make the reader reflect seriously on the proper role of citizens, of government and the importance of free speech."
"This book used to be required reading.  It's the scariest book I ever read and it's becoming scarier as time goes on.  Orwell was a true prophet of where we are headed; his timing was just off.  While the book has London as its setting, the story could take place anywhere in the world.  Despite the American Founders' best plans, America is heading in the direction of Orwell's 1984 world, tiny tiny bit at a time.The book is well written and reads fast.  If you love America, you owe it to yourself to read this book.  If you haven't read it and don't intend to, you are probably sticking your head in the sand, hoping things will be OK anyway."
"I have been reading this book over the last week.  I am currently 88% finished according to my kindle.  As was stated in a previous review I have read on this version (the 99 cent kindle version) there are several errors.  While it is slightly annoying that the version does tend to combine words, aka leave out some spaces between words, it is definitely readable.  Since this book was a mere 99 cents I have no problem in forgetting these errors.  It is a great book riddled with thought provoking passages and is a must read for anyone.  I would consider it one of the better deals I have gotten in my life; fully worth the dollar I spent on it.  Although I believe that the errors could be corrected (easily) by amazon, I wouldn't ruminate on that fallacy for a moment.  This book is definitely a buy.  I would be willing to spend at least 10 dollars on it, errors or not."
"I bought this book about 3 weeks ago and I'm still ""trying"" to read it.  It's depressing and the theme is kind of old, so I'm not that enthusiast with it.  I was born abroad and this was not a required reading material while I was in school. I'm just very happy that I've never lived in a place like that. Hope it gets better towards the end."
"This book was AWESOME.  I had to read it over the summer for class, and I was totally bummed out because I had already spent half the summer reading other really old, lousy books for the same class, but I really liked this one!  It went fast, which I liked, even though it was on the long side, and it was just really cool.  The storyline was different, and though I was sort of expecting some of the events, they were still surprising and realistic.  The end was also really interesting, and I wasn't expecting it to end how it did.  Read it, it's a classic, and it's really good!"
"I honestly dont like this book its just not the type of stuff i like to read. So any of you that are thinking about reading this if your favorite book is the twilight series, eragon or the vampire diaries you probably wont like it either. I only read it because i had to."
"I thought it was a very dull and cheesy book. Every time I picked it up, I fell asleep. I had to read it for school, and it took forever to get here when I ordered it. Barely finished it in time."
I don't think this story really needs my review.  So many people have already said everything that needs to be said. All I can say is when I was done with reading this story I felt a trembling deep inside of myself that never fully went away.  There is a terrible truth here that needs to be seen.
interesting take on a dystopia future. Most people read this in high school and I was happy to re read this classic with a little more interest and gusto this time.
"In Erich Fromm's afterward, he says:  the book is about the near despair of the future of man and the warning that unless the course of history changes men will become soulless automatons.A fascinating read, Orwell keeps the pages turning.  The story focuses on a man of the ""party"" who starts questioning big brother.It's where Nazism left off.Orwell concocts a new dictionary-language, called ""newspeak""; the melding of words, a simplistic speech that controls the masses.  It is now the world of the thought police, there watching you;  a totalitarian rule, be mindful who you choose to associate with;  the ""party"" is always monitoring your moves and your conversations;  a world war that never ceases;  a time where anything is legal and nothing is;  total power will be the only pleasure.In reality the story is a bit ridiculous, how could a country function or survive.  It is obvious the book should not be taken seriously, but read as a warning.  There are still amazing insights that closely resemble the future, now. Compare it to the war were fighting and the ""new world order"" arising.There are many reasons why this book is quoted, but may I interject one thought on this?  Could not the thinking be:  that the materials used for war could be used to uplift the poor out of poverty.  They would then have the insight that the rich have, hence bettering society, an equality.  The thing is, we are not equal.""Double think"" is already here. The holding of two contradictory beliefs.  This coined by Orwell."
"This novel was undoubtedly a classic when it was written in the late forties because it was so futuristic, with its telescreens and three worldpowers. Orwell, a critic of fascism and communism, goes in the perspective of Winston Smith, a man who is against ""Big Brother""- the figurehead of The Party. For the first one hundred pages, he gives readers an interesting description and plot development of the terrifying future. After that, the story becomes stained with the smelly stain of an unnecessary romance and it all goes downhill from there. It becomes sadly repetitive and frankly, boring. Orwell reveals a previously unknown side- a  sexy, sultry side- as he goes in depth about the human sexual instincts, which becomes disgusting after awhile. The ending is of no surprise. The back cover of the book hints at reading the last four words, and no one can possibly stop from reading them. Though I won't spoil it, it isn't really necessary whether or not you read them because you know deep down what's ahead in this ""modern classic."" I suggest you save yourself a few torturous days and read ""Animal Farm""."
"Im a big fan of Anti-Utopias and this is arguably the best in the genre. Orwell takes you on a journey of Hope and dispare, love and betrayal. while this is a great story what kept me reading is that this book is very well written and I couldnt wait to pick it up again and read on. If you are interested in books of this type, books like ""Men like Gods""-HG Wells, and ""Brave New World""-A Huxley are also excelent. For a little Harder read try ""Utopia""-T Moore The language is a little difficult and with out understanding the latin and greek humor it is still an excellent story."
"I'm not going to take long with this one. simply put, this is the long standing #1 of mine as far as literature goes. nothing else comes close. I was profoundly affected by this book when I read it as an adolecent. it is the only book that has ever made me cry. truly it is a masterpiece in every sense of the word. I am extremely glad that many high schools in America consider this required reading as part of their English curriculum. especially in this day and age, it is absoulutely vital."
"There is a reason why 1984 by George Orwell is a classic. One of the reason is that this book is entertaining. This you can find in many classics. Another reason is that the reader feels for the characters. This can be found in many cheap paperbacks that you find in supermarkets at the end of aisles, so that isn't it either. This book makes you think about what you are not used to thinking about. This is better, but still does not make this book a classic.This book also is very easy for the reader to enter the world of INGSOC and Big Brother (be careful, he could be watching you). This could be the reason. However it is the combination of all 5 of these elements that make this story a classic.1984 revolves around your average-Joe, Winston Smith. Winston works for the Department of Truth (falsifies the past to make it the truth). He is satified with his way of life that involves thought-police (an FBI of sorts that makes sure you don't think any bad thoughts about INGSOC, the ruling party), double-speak (a language that is used to keep people from thinking bad thoughts),  the Ministry of Love (prison/torture chambers), Ministry of Peace (War Department), Party slogans (War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength), and, of course, the Junior Anti-Sex League (so the government can control human reproduction).Winston finds himself inlove with Julia. Julia pretends to be a die-hard party member, however she actually plans to overthrow the party. Winston finds himself friends with a person that could cost him his life.The story of 1984 is really a great page turner. In fact, I HAD to finish it as soon as possible because I was worried about what could happen to the characters. The suspense is second to none.I found myself making connections between our world and Winston's world. That is what makes this book easy to relate to.I would suggest this book to everyone over the age of 13 or 14 because this book is a true masterpiece. However it would be a little too scary for anyone younger."
I love distopian Novels dont you???The way the magick of the words float off the page and into your minds eye.Warning you that any or all of these distopian futures can occur.Depending on your quantum view point.Welcome to Room 101 Wilson says O'Brien...I am not going to go into a full synopsis of the book. Thats just lame and a waste of time.Basically if you want to see a socialist agenda for world police state control. Or should i say the illuminati agenda.Then read this book; i know i did when i used to be paranoid about the NWO.When i reread the book next time and maybe for the last time; will i when i lift my head off the page be living in that world or imagining it???Every day; i feel we are approching and reproching ourselves towards 1984's police state and totalitarian ideals.In one way or another we should take a look at the stats. The earths resources are running out. A dictatorship may come about if techno-spirituality or spiro-technology does not come in first.Whether this police and Illuminati controlled state runs by Huxley; Orwell or Mrs. Atwood. It looks; sounds; and feels to me very much like it will happen.I; like you the reader will have to wait...
"The problem with reviewing a book by that has been forced down people's throuts all through their middle school, high school, and college careers is that people hate it for exactly that reason, they were forced to read it.  I read this book as a senior in high school and I liked it, but I didn't love it.  I have re-read it several times along with Animal Farm and many of his essays and I can saw without reservation that Orwell is the greatest political writer of all time, and one of the greatest writers of all time.1984's plot is famous and it's particulars have been expounded on numerous times so I won't bore the reader by repeating them.  This novel was written in 1949, after the fall of Totalitarianism in Europe and during the beginnings of the Cold War.  Taken in historical persepective, this novel is really a satire about Stalinist Russia.  Everything about Stalinist Russia's gets the back of Orwell's hand, the frequent purges where known citizens frequently just disapear, the crippling military regime where personal freedom and expression are crushed, and the overwhelming cult of personality where Stalin was worshipped ala Big Brother.Read only with this historical perspective in mind is still fruitful and interesting, but this novel still applies today to the government of the United States and other governments around the world.  Though not as extreme by any stretch, the themes expressed in this novel are relevant today.  Double Think is one of the best and most ingenious examples.  Double Think is believing two contradictory ideas at one time.  Basically it's believing your own lie.  Everyone knows that we went to war in Iraq for oil, but we say that it was for weapons of mass destruction, and then they never found them so it changed to we had to find Saddam and save the poor Iraqis and give them democracy.  We know the real reason, but we believe the lie perpetrated by Bush's regime for some reason.  We do not want to rock the boat, or we want to support our leader or some other convuluted reasoning has lead us to believe our own lie.The Iraq example is also a good example of changing the past.  The Bush administration changed the reason for going to war and most people did not bat an eyelash at it.  Hell, we rewarded this blatant lie by re-electing him.Now for all the naysayers who say this could never happen and it's portrait of an oppressive regime is unrealistic.  I really don't think his point was to make a completely realistic novel.  But think, what good would it be if Orwell had written, ""well, the government was kind of bad, but not that bad, and I still got along all right.""  Pretty boring if you ask me.  He uses extreme examples to get you to think, if he presented you with weak examples you would not remember them at all.And lastly, Orwell knew what he was talking about.  Read his essays and you will see that he was an incredibly intellegent man who knew the in's and out's of Communism and the complex social issues discussed in 1984.  Read his collected essays and you can definitely chart the genesis of this novel.  There is a 1 star review that claims Orwell knew nothing about Communism.  I beg to differ.  Orwell had a very lucid understanding of Communism, much more so than either you or I.So students, try to pretend this hasn't been forced on you and you might enjoy it.  For anyone else reading this, this novel is highly recommended for fans of classic literature and those wary of corruption."
"The power of Eric Blair's (a.k.a. George Orwell) 1984 has changed my life ever since I read it a few years ago. The political structure of Oceana is based on totalitarianism. The system is controlled by Big Brother, who's personage appears everywhere throughout Oceana. Winston Smith is a member of the party who works at the Ministry of Truth. Orwell masterpiece is his creation of Oceana's vocabulary. The people are truly convince of Big Brother, not knowing that the system is upheld by everyone watching everyone else. Winston's job is to erase past defectors of the party, all while promoting Big Brother. Big Brother dumbs down the population by incorporating a national dictionary with words that severely limits any real discourse. The novel is a dystopian masterpiece. Many feel we have surpassed 1984 in scope, do not believe them. Big Brother and total surveillance exist. Orwell's vision of 1984 is nothing short of prophetic!"
"A passionate, exciting novel of the portrayl of a chilling grim depiction of how government could dominate every aspect of human lives. The motto of the book, ""WAR IS PEACE. FREEDOM IS SLAVERY. IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH."" These are the statements used by the party to make ocenias society abide to its laws. Orwell uses this novel as a passage to describe the blind patriotism that powered dictatorships, such as Adolf Hitler, Soviet leader Joesph Stalin. Orwell uses Big brother its revered leader of Ocenia, just as the Germans cheered for hitler and respected him as their beloved father. Ocenia uses big brother as their all mighty protector who will watch over the citizens. Pictures can be found everywhere which is a reminder of Chinese communist leader Mao Tse-sung. A fantastic novel"
"Nineteen Eighty-four is a classic and timeless book; It has as much effect today that it possessed in 1949. I would strongly argue that this book is a classic novel and deserves every bit of praise that it has and will receive. It doesn't feel like there is any type of language barrier between Orwell, his message, and today's reader. He  often uses long sentences with very descriptive words to allow the reader to be able to see/feel/smell every place and problem that the main character, Winston Smith, encounters and deals with.I expected this novel to be painful to read and understand, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that Orwell had done an exceptionally good job of writing the novel, and thus made reading the book utterly painless. One of my favorite descriptive paragraphs in is when Winston enters the canteen where everyone eats lunch. Here is an excerpt form  it:""In the low-ceilinged canteen, deep underground, the lunch queue jerked slowly forward. The  room was already very full and deafeningly noisy. From the grille at the counter the steam of  stew came pouring forth, with a sour metallic smell which did not quite overcome the fumes of  Victory Gin. On the far side of the room there was a small bar, a mere hole in the wall, where gin could be bought at ten cents the large nip.""Slowly I began to see the chapters fly by, amazed by the originality that the setting included. This was meant to be a bit of a pseudo-Sci Fi novel, in that it is set in the future. But unlike many other Sci Fi novels, however 1984 does not focus on how the technology works. Rather Orwell focuses on why it works and why the government made it, or replaced something else with this new approved technology.I was fascinated by how believable the setting was and how myself, as the reader, didn't come across any of those usual Sci Fi moments where something is just to out there for the reader to grasp, or relate to at all. This is a book about humans and the human condition, not about sparkily flying cars or teleporters. In fact, many things about the futuristic setting of 1984 make you glad that you are in the present time and not in this hellish future of thoughtcrime and Ingsoc(which means English socialism in newspeak, a new form of shorter English). From  horrible tasting ""victory"" coffee, gin, and cigarettes, to the constant fear of being prosecuted with thoughtcrime. The reader is constantly drawn into Smith's nightmare. Even just having unusual facial patterns in public or in front of one of the countless telescreens could lead to not only your own death but you being erased from history. Indeed, the world of 1984 is Orwell's own interpretation of a world with socialism as its only form of government, and how he thought socialism would naturally evolve.The sense of paranoia and the disturbing way one could look at this new age as a possible future for the human race is immense, where everyone is as politically correct as can be. Children turn in their parents to be killed by the government for thoughtcrime, and people watch extremely gory movies and laugh their heads off when the children and their mother get pumped full of lead from a helicopter. Wars that may or may not really be going on, constant missiles going off around the towns, blowing up hundreds of people everyday, leaving the others left alive without a sense of fear because they know that Big Brother, the father figure of the party, will save them from their enemies, all these features add to the unusual background of the story. Winston himself works at the Ministry of truth, and basically writes some of Big Brothers speeches, creates imaginary hero's of war to raise the morale of the people, rectifying history books and novels to better fit the parties beliefs, and the creation of propaganda. I found it interesting and ironic that Orwell would make the main character, who despises the party inwardly, work for the very ministry that keeps the lie a reality.I could safely recommend this book to anyone who likes English literature, or likes to think and ponder of an idea or thought. Because I found the whole premise of the book incredibly enjoyable and thought-provoking. It all seems so believable, like Orwell saw all the gaps in the theory of his novel and his invented culture, and made sure to cover them all. It  takes you to another world politically, but isn't fanciful about it; in fact, when I think of this new London and Oceania, I think of a very gritty, dirty and rusty nation.I really loved part I of the book as it is more about introducing you to Oceania and the Party's rules/beliefs rather then the progression of Winston as a character and his situation. ""War is peace, Freedom is slavery, Ignorance is strength"" is the slogan for the party, and it is repeated many times throughout the novel. I think that it was a great yet practical way for Orwell to sum up the attitude of the party and the setting of the novel in just nine words. 1984 truly is a classic of English literature. It will, and has, stood the test of time. It feels like this book has hardly aged a day, because of the detailed yet simple writing method that Orwell uses. As long as the English language remains the same, one could read this book and understand what Orwell is portraying in 1984. Because it relates to basic human fears of always being watched and the fear of speaking out and being your own person, someone who thinks for himself. The novel has a universal character to it. Anyone could relate to it; not necessarily paranoia, but just that feeling like you cant quite speak your mind fully for one reason or another."
"1984 by George Orwell deals with a future society where the government (known as the Party) controls people with doublethink, the ability to accept anything ""Big Brother"" tells them is true. The Party has changed history to suit them well, saying that they are out to help people, even though they really are just taking over people. In this negative Utopia, humans are arrested by the Thought Police for thoughtcrime, or in other words turning against the Party and Big Brother. There are little telescreens in each room that spy on the civilians, making sure they are not committing thoughtcrimes. Young children are raised to be Thought Policemen and are trained to arrest anyone, even their own parents. People accused of thougtcrimes may be subject to cruel and unusual punishment. Thus, in this novel Orwell makes the point that humans will give up freedom in order to avoid pain, that our own nervous system and our comfort is more important to us than our freedom. The main characters in 1984 are Winston and Julia, both of whom rebel against the Party. 1984 follows Winston who believes that he is the only person who constantly commits thoughtcrime. His neighbors, the Parsons, have two children who are part of the Thought Police. Winston is constantly reminded that Big Brother is always watching him and that he lives in a totalitarian state. He believes that he can rebel without being caught. A dark-haired girl is mentioned in the story. Winston finds that she also rebelling against the government. They fall in love and vow to be at each other's side and fight the evil Party. Although Julia is rebelling against the Party, unlike Winston she is not concerned with future generations, Julia only concerned about her and Winston. I liked George Orwell's warning that the government and popular media can take over us and can give us false messages that corrupt our minds. It seems a fair warning but it also seems to be discredited with the fact that it is now over twenty years past 1984, and Orwell's ideas seem a little outdated. This is not to say that we could never be taken over by the government, but it seems a little strange reading about a future that has allegedly happened in the past. I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in George Orwell's ideals."
"Winston Smith knows something is wrong with his world. Smith spends his days re-writing history. He lives in a society where everything, even ""facts"" are tenuous. His movements, and the movements of his fellow citizens, are monitored by The Party. Big Brother is always watching. Freedom is an antiquated idea that no longer exists. One isn't even free inside one's own head. The Thought Police always find out.George Orwell's famous dystopian novel is an excellent and timely read. People often crack jokes about this novel and our present society, but how far off the mark are those comments? An absolutely engaging and frightening read about a forbidden love affair and a corrupt society, I highly recommend this novel."
"Orwell goes into extreme detail and outlines, with vivid detail, life in Oceania. The thought of 24 hour monitoration and all aspects of the 'Party' are not as far-fetched as one would think. This novel is scary in its possibility and will leave the reader thinking."
"I heard so much about this book before I read it that I kind of thought it pointless to actually read - but I was mistaken - this book has so many levels on which it can be enjoyed - not just the obvious reasons! The ties to modern society are fairly obvious - especially the idea that one can be watched at all times (sattellite imagery). The overall idea, however, is that it is hopeless to change a system that is based in such fundamental deception. It makes us ponder our own fate and how much control we actually have over our lives. When people know what your deepest thoughts are your deepest fears they have power over you..."
"I had never read 1984 and was very excited to do so only to regret purchasing this edition. In the forward (by thomas pynchon) the entire ending is revealed in great detail. I knew what to expect through the entire book and I really wish that I could get my money back. Dont buy the centennial edition, or at least dont read the forward if you want a nice surprising read."
"George Orwell (1903-1950) wrote 1984 in the late 1940s,and the novel was published in 1949.  This book was a description of a negative utopia,and served as a warning to the West of not only future events but events that had already occured in Western Europe and the United States.  In fact, the original title of 1984 was 1948, but Orwell's publishers thought a futuristic title would increase sales of the book. There are three basic warnings in this book.  One is that the status of ""perpetual war for perpetual peace"" was a permanent feature.  Secondly, Orwell was clear about the corrpution of language and thought that could be used to manipulate the masses (the proles as describved in the book).  The third warning was the use of war to maintian unity and the illusion of full employment.The shifting of political alliances in 1984 has an all to familiar ring.  Note that during the first had of the decade of the 1940s that the Soviets, Chinese, etc. were gallant allies.  On the other had, the Japanese, Germans, and the Italians were the forces of evil beyond redemption.  Yet, by 1948, or 1946, the scene dramatically changes.  All of a sudden, the Soviets were the evil ""Gremlins in the Kremlin.""  The Chinese suddenly became wicked.  The previously defined wicked Germans, Japanese, and Italians were now suddently ""good guys.""  One should also that those who clearly wrote about this in any honest context were badly smeared or condemned for being honest.Another part of 1984 which should be closely examined is the corrpution of language.  The politically approved words such as democracy, world peace, etc., are part of the media's cowardly effort to avoid truth.  Political hacks use these approval words in a flimsy attempt to pose as experts assigned to explain the changes of ""allies"" and power shifts.  Orwell was always aware of the corruption of language and, in turn, the corruption of thought.  The examples Orwell uses in 1984 should attract the attention of thoughtful men.Orwell was one of the few who saw the connection between war and economics.  He was one of the first who saw war production as an economic engine to maintain something close to full employment.  He lived through the Great Depression and realized that wars are started not so much to defeat the enemy as to maintain political unity and full employment on ""the home front.""  If a ""war"" can be prolonged, the better attempt to maintain war production and full employment.  While living standards were not good, workers have the illusion that they are reasonable well off and are busy with important work.Orwell's 1984 should be required reading for any teenager.  The political lessons derived from this book are important, and, as some have mentioned, one can learn good prose.  Reading 1984 can help explain the shifting of alliances since the start of the Cold War and can help explain phony international tensions from the end of W.W. II to the present.  One should reflect how many ""enemies"" and allies the Americans have had during this time as well as reflect on how enemies quickly become allies and vice versa.  This reviewer would not recommend 1984 to anyone who is immune to reason."
"George Orwell imagined the future in a dull state where every single thought, emotion and action would be monitored by the government.1984 tells the story of Winston living in a socialist country, feeling depressed and then deciding to rebel.Orwell is able to convey the helplessness of Winston as well as his routine by use of short snappy sentences.  However, as the plot thickens Orwell extends the sentences conveying Winton's hope and rebellion.1984 is truly captivating and rather depressing.  As I read I saw everything in my mind as grey and broken but I couldn't put this book down."
"like all the dunderheads that are falling over themselves to fellate Orwell and his hackneyed take on a negative utopia. Unfortunately the one trick pony (communism is bad....BOO!) needs to be put out to pasture, and don't get me started on Animal Farm, the allegory that makes one wish to stay in the cave. These two works are as bad as the two analogies I just made.The proles have been eating this tripe up for too long.Read 'Brave New World'"
A gripping novel set in 1984 but really set in any day and time.
"I read this book in 1994, just after a trip to Byelorussia, Russia and Poland. Life under the Soviet regime must have been a nightmare. This book helped me appreciate what it must have been like."
"George Orwell, one of the finest writers throughout the depression and world war two, has so brilliantly created a novel based on a prophetic concept of totalitarianism. From ""Thought Police"" to ""Big Brother,"" Orwell has defined the potentiality of a future government gone mad. This novel is a classic with all the right aspects. 1984 is based on a man's curiosity of change turning into an adventure through a power structure we come to know as Big Brother, and his obsession of rebellion, however silent, which later turns into a nightmare. George Orwell puts you into this man's shoes to experience what psychological and physical torment such oppression would bring. You read the text as though it were a history lesson in the future. In the story Orwell demonstrates what it would be like in a power-driven socialistic society. For example: Winston Smith (the subject) works at the Ministry of Truth, which concerned itself with news, entertainment, education, and fine arts. His job was to correct, or retype, all the history books, or any literature of historical facts for that matter. This was because the Republic was trying to erase any history, and memory, of the past; the way things were before the rise of Big Brother. This demonstrates the ideas and intensions of the regime; to have complete control over the truths, freedoms, and thoughts of humanity. That is really what this book is about; the regime, the power, the insanity and possibilities of an authoritarian rule. Now I'm not saying that you have to be a total anarchist in order to appreciate this book, it is, however, important to understand how power, or total control, can overcome and obliterate the freedoms and ideas that make us who we are. George Orwell has expressed this daunting initiative and should acquire the respect he deserves."
"In his book 1984, George Orwell predicts a bleak future for the world from his point of view.  While written in 1949, this book is still pertinent today.  Orwell describes a world in which people are conditioned to believe only what the government, known as Big Brother, wants them to.In this book, humans are denied many of the freedoms that people today fail to appreciate.  Privacy is nonexistant, due to the installation of telescreens, like modern-day security cameras, in every room. Feelings and personal opinions are eradicated, and even one's own thoughts are not private, because the government can tell what you are thinking through even your slightest facial expressions.  Questioning authority is an unheard of concept, and love toward another person taboo.  Even the language is limited to a small range of words to eliminate the ability to think anything out of the pre-determined norm.Taking place in the city of London, 1984 revolves mainly around the character named Winston Smith, an Outer Party member in the three-class society.  Smith lives in a shabby apartment and works at the Ministry of Truth, where he alters previously-written newspaper articles according to the government's liking.  This ensures that the government can not be questioned, and they are always right.  He is, in a sense, rewriting history.In the book, Smith considers himself an anomaly to the methodical and monotonous world in which he is living.  He finds it hard to accept the ideals that Big Brother passes off as truth, and therefore considers himself an abnormality.  He feels alone in his detestation of Big Brother's policies.  Despite all this, Winston has to put up a facade for the outside world, so he is not percieved by the government as anything but normal.At the same time he is pretending to love and honor Big Brother and everything it stands for, Winston is secretly plotting its downfall.  He thinks the only people who can do this are the proles, the lowest social class, because they make up the majority of the population.  Knowing that he cannot defeat Big Brother single-handedly, Winston enlists the help of O'Brian, a member of the Inner Party, or the upper social class.Throughout the rest of the book, Winston enters the world of the Brotherhood, the organization against Big Brother.  Will they succeed in their attempt to overthrow Big Brother? What will become of Winston and O'Brian?  Will the rise of the individual ever transpire?  You will have to read the book to find out.Personally, I thought 1984 was a, while somewhat depressing, thought-provoking glance at the possibility of a dictatorial society.  It made me wonder if what we percieve as truths in the world are really truths, or if they are just what we are conditioned to accept as truths.  1984 is a timeless novel that makes you question everything from conformity to the government and the media.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who has ever questioned the standards that society revolves around today."
"George Orwell's ""Nineteen Eighty-Four,"" is a hauntingly exceptional tale of a society gone wrong. Orwell has brought to light a situation that any society could potentially face if they aren't cautious. The main character Winston Smith lives in a totalitarian state to the ""Party,"" the dictators of the colony of Oceania. What makes this book so fascinating is the fact that is was published in 1948. Yet, the situations in this book still ring true today. Freedoms are constantly trying to be suppressed; privacy is a concern in today's society with the creation of the internet and cameras. It's remarkable to think that Orwell predicted a society that could potentially be an example for today's culture. Trying to imagine a world where every move you make is recorded and watched to control is not only terrifying because it sounds like it could happen, it's terrifying because one day it may eventually happen. I thoroughly enjoyed the book and would recommend it as a book that should be read in high school."
"George Orwell, whose real name was Eric Blair, was nearly alone amongst British socialists in his ability to see through the socialist rhetorical fog and saw that Russia's Stalin was not a socialist but an anti-socialist tyrant.  George Orwell was to British socialism what Robert Higgs is to American conservatism.  Higgs can see through the propaganda and information warfare propagated by the British sleeper cell in Washington and he sees George W. Bush as the anti-American, anti-conservative monstrous tyrant that he is.Orwell, who worked for the BBC during World War II and was therefore quite familiar with the state's disinformation methods in support of information warfare, could see right through Stalin's disinformation as easily as Higgs can see through Bush's today.  Bothersome to Orwell was his fellow socialists refusal to see the truth on Stalin or that Soviet Communism was actually a betrayal of socialism.  Orwell wrote ""Animal Farm"" just to make this point.  Yet too many socialists remained duped over Stalin just as too many conservatives remain duped today by George W. Bush and his army of word-pushers.So Orwell set out to write ""1984"" to explain to us how people are duped by statist techniques of information warfare; how people can believe ""WAR IS PEACE""; and how socialists were duped by Stalin.  He drew heavily upon his experiences at the BBC where he had signed the Official Secrets Act barring him from mentioning anything he had done.  So he set the novel in the future and maintained that any similarities were pure coincidence in order to cover himself from being charged with violating the Official Secrets Act.In 1984, there is a dreary monotony of provision in society rather than a vibrant free market; the heavy hand of the state has stunted everything. Food is bland and often rationed.  Technical innovations are controlled by the state; two-way wall-sized televisions spy on people; the Thought Police (a futuristic version of Homeland Security, or is it vice-versa?) monitors thoughtcrime.  Hidden microphones add to their NSA-like arsenal of state control and state terrorism.The novel's main character is Winston Smith - nearly forty and one of the few remaining humans that can remember having parents, who had sacrificed their lives to the state so that the youthful Winston may have a chance at life.  He works for the State as a wordpusher, rewriting current events and even history books - turning history into ""his story"".  Yet, he is society's few remaining yet hidden libertarians - a person who thinks and feels for himself.  Watched always, he must remain on guard to never betray any emotion.The plot centers around Winston meeting a female supporter of the Party whose hidden agenda is much more hedonistic.  They have a relationship between them, at the risk of all.  In fact, they know their relationship is doomed and their actions to be suicidal.  The heavy weight of the state looming over their heads is tragic.  Like an Iraqi or Afghan today, they never know when the crushing weight of the state will descend.In the end, the state catches up with the two individualists.  They are arrested and sent to a type of Guantanamo Bay where Winston is finally broken by his fear of rats - ""Do it to Julia!  Do it to Julia! Not me! Julia! I don't care what you do to her. . . Not me! Julia! Not me!"". Winston lost his love for Julia - his ability to sacrifice himself on behalf of another. Yet through sacrifice lies our hope.Pynchon's Foreward is awesome: ""This grouping of Britain and the United States into a single bloc, as prophecy, has turned to be dead-on"", he wrote.  Actually, Orwell probably knew something about the British sleeper cell dispatched to Washington to pull America back into the second part of the world war.  Orwell probably knew, too, that FDR provoked the Japanese to hit Pearl Harbor and sat on his hands while they did it, so that the Yanks would become war crazy and provide the brawn to British empire (which they did).  Nicholas John Cull's ""Selling War"" is a good review of the British sleeper cell.Today, Bush and Blair are doing American-powered British empire hand-in-hand.  An American can only wonder what George Washington would say?!!  But I wonder, too, what Orwell would say?  Or has he already said it?!!"
"Orwell was dead-on in his vision of a possible future for the Western world.  Indeed, according to recent events, Big Brother is HERE and voting Republican."
"I just want to say that if you have not read this book yet theirs something the matter with you. GO TO THE NEAREST BOOK STORE AND BY ""1984"" now."
"This is a truly disturbing, powerful book that makes you think, overall a great read.  I find it really funny, however, how so many people inject their own political ideas into their interpreations of the book.  It's a very far stretch to say that this book is about the Bush administration taking away all of our rights in the name of counter-terrorism."
"George Orwell wrote a classic novel, 1984, which was, at the time, science fiction. It was a look into a forbidding totalitarian future. The enemy was Communism.After the inevitable nuclear war, the world has been divided into three sectors. The sectors are at continual war with each other, necessitating severe restrictions on personal freedoms. London is capital of the sector of Oceania. Here, Winston Smith is a clerk, working for ""Big Brother,"" the media-hyped totalitarian dictator who keeps a close watch on all of his subjects. One can almost hear him saying, ""If you are talking on the phone with someone from another sector, we want to know.""When Winston discovers a little personal freedom, he is amazed. Delving further, he carries on a love affair. But this is all forbidden. Officials try to brainwash him into giving up his free will, using torture, sleep deprivation, and psychology (finding out what he fears most). Finally they make up give up not only his free will, but his reason. The interrogator holds up two fingers and gets Winston to say he is holding up three fingers.One can hear the chilling line in today's world: ""Winston, tell me about how we can cut taxes for the rich, and cut benefits for the poor. That is only justice, right, Winston?""They work on his girlfriend the same way. And they pit one against the other until their loyalties are to Big Brother alone.The book was also an admonition against the Nazi dictum that if you repeat a lie loud enough and often enough it becomes the truth. We are making progress on the war in Iraq, aren't we Winston? Or is it the war in Vietnam? I forget. You should forget.As early as the 1960's Charles Colson was raising his technique of ""mind f**king"" to an art form. As documented in David Halberstam's book, The Best and the Brightest, when Colson became a White House operative he put his method to work full time in the service of the almost imperial president. To some, it looked like 1984, spying on the anti-war demonstrators. And people still remembered Orwell's novel. Of course, Colson went to jail for his role in Watergate. Watergate? What was that? I forget.Now, in the post-9/11 world, we need strict curtailment of free will. After all, we are in an unending war with terrorism. We have periodic episodes of the ""three minute hate,"" to vilify Osama bin Laden, or Ayman al Zawahiri, or some other ""evil-doer."" The White House spokesman will give us all the details we need to know about warrantless wire-tapping. Or, perhaps, the House will just change the law that makes this type of surveillance illegal.We all have cameras on our computers that we could hook up so that Big Brother could watch us all the time. We like surveillance cameras. They make us feel safe. At least, since they put that rat mask over my face, I've been convinced that I like surveillance cameras. They make me feel safe.You can read this book if you like, but whatever you do, don't take it out of a library.Buy it."
"In a society that has eliminated many imbalances, surplus goods, and even class struggle, there are bound to be deviates; Winston Smith is one of those. He starts out, due to his inability to doublethink, with thoughtcrime. This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed. Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught, he will be sent to the ""Ministry of Love"" where they have a record of 100% cures for this sort of insanity. They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book:1984 (1954) Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 (1956) Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four (1984) John Hurt is Winston Smith"
"Being the 1231st person to review Orwell's classic, I doubt there is much I can say that hasn't been said already.  Then I will simply say that this is the best book I have ever read.  I never read for pleasure until I picked this up and started reading.  Then, I was hooked.  Since then I've been a certifiable bookworm and have rediscovered the power of reading.And you should read it, for Orwell's classic has seeped into popular culture, from the ""1984"" Macintosh commercial, to the constant accusations of Orwellian abuses of power by our sanctimonious politicians.  Read this book and see what they're talking about.  And, despite some people's beliefs that traffic light cameras, security cameras, and wiretapping of terrorists is the start of a precipitous descent toward ""1984,"" I thank my lucky stars that we live in a free society.  I cringe to think of what life must have been like in Stalinist Russia, where ""1984"" was much closer to a reality."
"Most lists of top fiction of the 20th century place this book in the top 10.Is this the future? The book is a social warning of sorts written by Orwell about the extreme directions that governments might take its citizens. The book follows the Nazi era of WWII, and the socialist revolutions in Russia and China. Orwell got his original idea from reading H.G. Well's ""Utopia"" written 50 years earler. Here he takes the concept a step farther with a breakdown of the government to become a flawed and highly controlling socialist society run by the political elite.This is a very interesting book that should be read along with the author's other book Animal Farm. I read the book and saw the VHS starring Hurt and Burton which is mostly a faithful representation of the book - and a good movie in color.Once the smoke and rhetoric clears this is essentially a love story about a man living in what appears to be a communist society or perhaps the National Socialists that has evolved into a tightly controlled and hero worshipping society, i.e.: pictures of the leader (""B.B."") big brother are omnipresent and everyone wears similar blue overalls, eats similar food, etc. Big brother has taken on a persona similar to Stalin or Mao and like those totalitarian communist societies, the misfits or independent thinkers or small business people are banished to camps or simply killed. Propaganda is the norm and (again) like similar 20th century communist countries history is re-written almost daily to reflect the current whims of the leaders.Unlike many imperfect countries including most western countries and other free countries that have survived the upheavals of the 20th century, we are subject to government propaganda and media bias but we are free to turn off our TV sets, not read the papers, buy any book that we so desire, have religious freedoms or free to be agnostics, and choose to protest and vote as we see fit. This is all lacking in 1984 where society is strictly controlled. Each TV is interactive and monitors the owner for deviations from the accepted patterns of behaviour; it is connected with the ""thought police"", and is turned on all the time to monitor the citizens. Only high party members have the luxury of turning off their interactive TV connected to the ""thought police"" and drinking wine and participating in the normally accepted pleasures of life. As we read in the book Animal Farm, the utopian ideals of a perfect society are replaced by the corruption brought on by absolute power.The ""average citizens"" including our hero in 1984 are subject to a continuous stream of propaganda about external armed conflicts, false production figures to offset real material shortages, criminal activities against big brother and the party, confessions of party members gone astray, etc. They cannot read independent books or articles. Such books, that would expose the government propaganda for what it is, are all banned. People who do not conform are routinely arrested and hung at public hangings - that are televised seemingly daily.The plot is sinister in that the ruling party members use thought control and torture to manipulate the masses including our hero, so the citizens lose most of their human qualities and are zombie like. This is a chilling movie about how a society can take a wrong turn.Written by George Orwell late in his short life, this remains a compelling and unusual read about a society gone mad. It is a ""must read"" work of 20th century fiction."
"""We shall meet in the Place where there is no Darkness"", whispers the Monster.And he means it.What is it about this little nugget of grue and cold, calculating horror by the English Socialist writer Eric Blair---immortalized to high school students throughout the Anglophonic world as George Orwell---that so captures the imagination, so fires the nerves?Well---it's the lack of Freedom, you might say.But what is Freedom? The freedom to love who you want, unproscribed by the dictates and whims of the Party?Your freedom to do that, my friend, is already circumscribed by narrow geography, by the randomness of your birth: chances are the love of your life, who sleeps so sweetly beside you right now, will betray you of her own free will, without even the torture merited by Room 101.Freedom to do what you want, when you want?Do you have that now? Did you always dream of growing up to work in a cubicle, be badgered by twitterpated thirty-something middle managers for reports that will be filed away into meaninglessness this time tomorrow, and for what?---enough to buy some Ikea furniture that will be worn down by next November?Is ""1984"" horrible because of its grinding, horrific economic determinism, its vision of a world of soul-numbed indoctrinated slaves ground down by the Party's inexorable Wheel, willingly chopping their own vocabulary---their own means to express their torment---down into chunks, mono-syllables, mere grunts? The descent into the primal?Come on: when's the last big idea you had that you actually *wrote* down? At least Big Brother's little creatures all have jobs, the better to support the endless---but glorious!---war effort against Eurasia, or wait---yes, Eastasia! The Floating Fortresses! The massed armies of the tireless People of Oceania!Anyway: I don't know exactly what bothers me about ""1984"", but I've never forgotten it, and I never will. For those of you who haven't discovered it---I deeply envy you. It's the story of one mindless little cog---Winston Smith---in the Ministry of Truth, or MiniTruth, in the Bold New Language of NewSpeak, proudly decimating the language every single day! Rejoice, Citizen! To do otherwise is Double plus-Ungood.Where were we? Ah yes, Winston Smith: who learns, in between delightful pass-times including hate rallies, drooling before the omnipotent tele-screen (oh stop nodding: you've probably got the tele-screen on even *while* you're reading this, and nobody is forcing *you*...yet), and doctoring information in the Ministry's reports---who learns to lust, and after a fashion, to Love.Orwell, consummate artist, illustrates this cubist, concrete, slag-heaped, hate-drunk pit of despair with all the sparse, telling prose of a master at work: every word works, every sentence tells. And it is a concoction, a wicked witch's brew, of every sputtering despotism ever misbegotten on Planet Earth, spiked with a little extra nightcap of hatred and evil: Stalin's USSR, Hitler's 1000-Year Reich, Pol Pot's Killing Fields.The horror is that, in the end, ""1984"" was a human construct, made by human hands, enacted by human voices. We choose, ultimately, what resides in Room 101. We sacrifice our freedom to Big Brother, and then we abide by his all-seeing Eye. We choose not to turn off the Telescreen, until, by and by, the Telescreen commands us to keep it on all day long.That is the shrill animal horror of ""1984"": that it is the Future, and that, to be sure: it is far worse than a boot, stomping on a human face, forever.Worse? Yeah: that we choose it to be that way.JSG"
"Did George Orwell actually believe that in the year 1984 the world would resemble the chilling, bleak vision he portrays in this novel ? This is a truly engaging work because it's a cautionary tale speaking strongly against Fascism, Communism and Totalitarianism that Orwell saw rise in his time during World War II. Orwell's characer Winston- drawn from Winston Churchhill-is a British man living in Oceania, which is presumably the UK or the West, is a working-class stiff slaving away in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, which ironically specializes in destroying the truth and giving it an illusion of truth through re-editing. The official language is a mutated English, Newspeak, that is so incredibly condensed it's purpose is to eliminate elaborate and intelligent thought! Instead of saying thinsg like evil they use ""ungood"", instead of using the whole word Ministry of Peace they say Minipax. Winston secretly loathes the stifling and totalitarian world he lives in. The empowered Party, headed by a fictitious Big Brother, is constantly monitoring everyone's thoughts, and urging families to spy on one another. Eventually, Winston falls for Julia, a rebellious girl from the supposedly virginal Anti-Sex League. But Julia is no virgin and has engaged in sexual relationships with even members of the Party. However, because they fall in love with each other and are against the institution of the Party, they are punished through torture and seperated. The story is well-written, with enough description and character development, particularly that of Winston and his enemy, the wicked Party pawn O'Brien who works in the Ministry of Truth. O'Brien's character is devilish and cynical, a man who represents devotion to the Party and its system of mind control. They have everyone so subjugated that they believe one plus one is four if the Party says so. What is the theme of 1984 ? If we are not careful in preserving civil liberties and maintaining strong democratic systems, we will live as close to this nightmarish world as possible."
"This book is extremely powerful. That isn't a secret. The power of this book is that this is now happening in the freeworld as it had been happening in radical dictatorships. First it was western europe in the 70's and 80's. Then it began in the US in the 90's during the Clinton's reign and the rise of the NSA and ATF. Now it is spreading because of Terrorism. The bottom line is that many in the governments in these free countries mean well but don't comprehend what is coming. The current Bush administration is just answering the call because of the power that technology has given our governments and  global terrorist. We must either accept that we are always at risk or give up some of our freedoms. We just have to hope that when this risk dissapates, if ever, we can get them back. Lucky for us FDR died before he became king... If you think this is about facism you are thinking too liberal-1984 can occur in a pure democracy."
"This thought provoking classic continues to be relevant in today's society, despite the fact that the year 1984 has come and gone. The notion of Big Brother has become a part of everday speech, which I fear is leading to this term becoming clichéd. Read the book, and you will see what the term implies. The world of trumped up wars, constant surveillance, and historical editing is frighteningly mirrored by that of our own."
"Oh my God, is all i could say as i read this. I was trembling at the power that this book possesed, abosolutly tremblingYou cant understand the magnitude of this book until you have read it. No one can portray this book to the ultimate power it posseses. I cant say it was beautiful, for even though it was beautiful, it was also hideous. Where it was genius it was simple and absurd. Where it was meaningful it was also meaningless. There was strength in what was said and also in what was not said. It was powerful though, never was it weak or declining in a solid purpose.I will tell you one thing though, never read this book if you are a person who feeds off the illusion of false hope, for your comforts are not in this tale. This is a reality that may not be completely true, but do trust me, so much of it is true.The question of life and existence is revealed when Winston is told in the tower of Love that he is the last man alive. So cruel and unhumane the treatment he recieved as he watched his decrepit body in the mirror. It was horrible, but also so powerful, i use that word alot becuase there is not another with the same sense that power leaves in our minds.I can only say that if you wish for truth you must read 1984and you will be left with the same impression,Oh My God"
"I just re-read 1984. I had first read it some 40 years ago. It has lost none of its power and brilliance.The book is short by contemporary standards. You can get through it in one day. Notwithstanding its brevity, Orwell paints a rich and enrapturing picture of a bizarre and brutal world. You find yourself drawn into it - believing it. It is as if you are ""there"", trapped in a truly psychotic police state known as ""Oceania"". You find yourself fearing the things that the protagonists - ""Winston"" and ""Julia"" - fear as if you were experiencing their lives.The world that Orwell describes is strange to the point of being surreal. Nonetheless, he plays out the failings of the human condition with such brilliance, that you end up believing such a world could actually come to be. Even more importantly, you recognize elements of ""1984"" in ordinary day to day life. That is the reason why this book is such a masterpiece. Orwell - in truth - doesn't fantasize but rather hypothesizes a world where recognizable human weaknesses have synergized into mass insanity. He makes it believeable.In short, 1984 is one of the truly great accomplishments of twentieth century literature. It is the type of book that could affect a reader - as it did with me - for an entire lifetime."
"Who are we kidding?  Orwell wasn't talking about communism.  That's what Animal Farm is for.  Orwell wrote 1984 to attack capitalistic fascism for fascism is ALWAYS the final stage of capitalism.  If the book were about communism, as many have suggested, then why in our post Cold War world that has seen the unforseeable demise of Soviet power do we still have to read it?  If the major premise of his book is that communism is dangerous, then why read this book since our experience contradictorily indicates communism was only a danger to the Soviets!  If you don't see that 1984 is about America/England, i.e. Oceania! and our socalled western capitalistic democracy of untold Nirvanas then you've taken the ultimate soma holiday.  A patriot criticizes his own government and in a democracy the people are vigilant over THEIR government first and foremost.  Orwell was writing about home, England, that's why the action is centered in London, Airstrip One where industrialism and capitalism first took flight.  The ultimate realization of this text, indeed any text, is the ability to apply it to our own experiences not the remoteness of some communist Cuba filtered through the Ministry of Truth, or Nazi Germany ""corrected"" to the point that it no longer exists.  We MUST APPLY 1984 to our own experiences--here and now--in protoFascist AmeriKKKa or we will not survive room 101."
"""1984"" is recognized to be one of the most influential novels of the 20th century, and helped to expose the evil that is contained in totalitarianism.  The only fear is that in a post cold war existence we may fail to remember the lessons Orwell taught us, and unexpectedly in our complacency we may allow that evil to rise again."
"This is the 'textbook' of today's Democratic party under the spotlight, where they declare the 'days of peace' under the previous Administration, when in fact we were involved in far more conflicts across the globe than we are today as revealed in a recent report by a University of British Columbia research group. To Democrats, lies are truth and truth are lies. Conclusion: ""War is Peace"".The premise that ""Freedom is Slavery"" is paramount in the way the Democrats portray their ideology as one that will ensure greater freedom, when in fact their self serving means to demand more and more dependency upon Government and demonizing independence is contrary to achieving the American dream. This 'entitlement' mentality underscores the results of this practice as it serves to remove incentive so we can all live in some socialist 'utopia'; an oxymoron at that. If anyone subscribes to the old adage of ""money is power"", then one would have to wonder if the Democrats are always finding ways to increase taxes, rules and regulations that expands the very control by government rather than people, it should become very apparent as to their 'doublespeak' rhetoric when they denounce economic growth policies such as 'tax cuts' by taking that 'money', i.e. power away from the people.""Ignorance is Strength""; is a platform of conformity which has displayed profound and destructive results from our failing educational system where students are more proficient with condom usage and having 'great self esteem' without any real defined successes, yet are deficient on the basics that lay the foundations for success in the real world, reading, writing and arithmetic.George Orwell laid out a myriad of 'totalitarian' truths that have been played out in parts in the history of Communist and in a lesser part Socialist led nations to the enslavement of it's citizens. These actions are continually expanded by today's Democrats when they use their ever divisive nature to separate out 'new' groups to exploit and demand special rights or status thus fulfilling their 'divide and conquer' goals. For what benefit does it serve to a nation when a group sets out to 'hyphenate' Americans by ethnicity, class or even gender and to a greater extent a 'melting pot' nation speaking one language, english, but rather an ever increasing unintelligible nation with the expansion of 'multi' language groups within that one nation other than to divide in the end?This should be required reading along with our Constitution for everyone so they can get a picture of where this nation is going if left to the Democrats insatiable desire for power 'over' the people, rather than 'to' the people. Self determination; or slavery; you must decide."
"It is very difficult, if not impossible to write an original review of a novel that has been as thoroughly examined as '1984'. However it is a novel that has not lost any of its political relevance and thus maintains its power almost 60 years on. The fact that 'Orwellian' is now a recognised word in the English language shows the extent of its influence.What is most notable about this novel is the intensity with which Orwell wrote it. In every single line there is no escape from the surroundings of the protagonists, which makes the reader feel as though they are every bit as much captives of the regime as Winston and Julia. The power of this central idea of an omnipresent and omnipotent government is a power that is unrivalled in literature and possibly cinema also. Although this idea was formed in the aftermath of world war 2 and was based on musings on the potential of facism, the idea of the existence of such a state still terrifies certain sections of the international community.When it comes to political commentary there is no better writer to attack a political ideal than George Orwell. From 'Down and out in Paris and London' to 'Animal Farm' to '1984' and throughout his prolific career. George Orwell always remained one of the 20th century's most formidable political satirists."
"1984 is the story of Winston Smith, an unsatisfied member of the party. The party has control over everything--life, death, action, thought, present, past, and future. Winston grows to hate the party, but is able to avoid suspicion. He is a ""minority of one"" with his views against the party, but he claims ""sanity is not statistical."" This book is a warning to society today as we are slowly becoming more and more like the world Orwell predicted. In a world where humans have become more like machines, Winston is an endangered species. He is the last of his kind, and alone he is doomed."
"I read this book to kill some time at work, and I have to say that the time I ""killed"" was some of the best time I ever spent with any work of fiction. I would re-read this book in a heartbeat. This novel is one of the most worthy of five stars ever published.To all students: If this is a book you were assigned in a class, definately give this one a chance. You'll come out of the assignment with a new favorite novel, and thoughts and ideas that will challange and haunt you for weeks, if not years to come."
"Well I'm not going to waste time Kudo'ing on this douple-plus-genius classic. Suffice to say it was shattering to read over 25 years ago and mores' the pity if it not being taught at the High School level today.IF you want to gauge a person, simple draw a quote from the book and ask them: 'What is the definition of Power?'...State Orwells' answer as: 'The ability to make someone suffer'..and watch the person stiffen and change the subject..It is a piercing expose on the Human condition that could have been foiled with a single word as the protagonist 'Smith' was being interrogated: 'Do you believe in God'...he responds 'No.'. That answer, despite your religion/faith/higher-power beliefs  resonates that the entire 'Negative Utopia' his tormentors, quite successfully present, could have been negated. Smiths' obliteration foiled if he was only able to respond differently..Thank goodness we'll never have a Ministry of Truth like the one protrayed in the novel. Reich-Protecter maybe?Read it, Know it, Remember it and finally..Have a little Faith!"
"""Big Brother is watching!"" This phrase has been so popularly used that the meaning is now synonymous with issues like ""manipulation of truth"", ""violation of privacy"", ""conspiracy theory"", etc. `1984' is a cleverly written political satire often induced with dark humour, exploring life in a would-be fascist-like totalitarian future where everyone was being monitored and compelled to keep in line ('thoughtcrime' is a crime!), where the individual could no longer differentiate between truths and lies (through the practice of `doublethink'), where history was being constantly re-written to suit the prevailing political agenda, where language had been simplified to the point of uselessness (through Newspeak), where war had to be kept ongoing to reduce economic surplus so that the population could be held under control, and where party ideology had absolute power over a society dominated by fear, suspicion and distrust.We follow the story of Winston Smith, one who disagreed with the party and was secretly envisioning a different kind of life without being under the ever-watchful eye of Big Brother. His hatred for Big Brother and his attempt at joining the rebelling Brotherhood ultimately ended in tragedy and he was captured, tortured and brainwashed. Orwell's gloomy depiction of life in Oceania (his future version of London) is realistic and convincing. The last section of the book is especially thought provoking and really sends chill to the spine. Overall, Orwell's vision of the future in 1984 is intense and highly disturbing. Although we all know by now that our 1984 (dominated by the MTV/big-hair/yuppie culture) has occurred very differently and that the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s marked the final triumph of liberal-democracy over socialism/Marxism, Orwell's `1984' remains relevant today as a warning against a post-global age of resurging absolutism and religious fundamentalism. This book is highly recommended."
"""Big Brother is watching!"" This phrase has been so popularly used that the meaning is now synonymous with issues like ""manipulation of truth"", ""violation of privacy"", ""conspiracy theory"", etc. `1984' is a cleverly written political satire often induced with dark humour, exploring life in a would-be fascist-like totalitarian future where everyone was being monitored and compelled to keep in line ('thoughtcrime' is a crime!), where the individual could no longer differentiate between truths and lies (through the practice of `doublethink'), where history was being constantly re-written to suit the prevailing political agenda, where language had been simplified to the point of uselessness (through Newspeak), where war had to be kept ongoing to reduce economic surplus so that the population could be held under control, and where party ideology had absolute power over a society dominated by fear, suspicion and distrust.We follow the story of Winston Smith, one who disagreed with the party and was secretly envisioning a different kind of life without being under the ever-watchful eye of Big Brother. His hatred for Big Brother and his attempt at joining the rebelling Brotherhood ultimately ended in tragedy and he was captured, tortured and brainwashed. Orwell's gloomy depiction of life in Oceania (his future version of London) is realistic and convincing. The last section of the book is especially thought provoking and really sends chill to the spine. Overall, Orwell's vision of the future in 1984 is intense and highly disturbing. Although we all know by now that our 1984 (dominated by the MTV/big-hair/yuppie culture) has occurred very differently and that the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s marked the final triumph of liberal-democracy over socialism/Marxism, Orwell's `1984' remains relevant today as a warning against a post-global age of resurging absolutism and religious fundamentalism. This book is highly recommended."
"Tooooo Late to write a review, maybe tomarow... read this book a year ago and just wanted to rate it...5 stars of course"
"After you read this book, like me, you'll probably wonder if this could become non-fiction. In most cases, I'd say yes. That is why you should try and stay informed on the Orwellian things that are taking place in this country. I would recommend the work of Alex Jones at infowars.com for this purpose.This book will definitely make you think, on life, on liberty, on what is real and what is not, on manipulation, on governments, on politics. Strongly recommend."
"I loved this book from the first time I read it.  However, then, as now, I think many people miss the point.  Orwell wrote 1984 as a commentary on the contemporary issues of his time.  The only way he felt he could do this was to project it into the future, hence the date ""1984"".  The political oppression, the control of our minds, the hopelessness of the masses, and their eventual capitulation to ""BIG BROTHER""  were in existence then, and are in existence now.  Who can doubt it, when you listen to the political ""DOUBLESPEAK"" that we get from our ""BIG BROTHER"" today?  As you go about your day today, and especially this PAYDAY, reflect on the doublespeak concept ""LESS IS MORE"".  Perhaps that will enable you to get through another week, or month, or maybe more.  And, if you start to feel that you are being singled out for suffering, and how unique you and your situation ARE,  think of another Orwellian concept, paraphrasing a little from his work ""ANIMAL FARM""; all of us are UNIQUE, but some are MORE unique than OTHERS!MICHAEL"
"George Orwell's 1984 is a truly visionary in the future of politics and technology.  Written in 1948, he envisioned a society in which truth is manipulated to suit the needs of the Party.  Big Brother is a ubiquitious system of cameras that renders any privacy of either action or thought to crime.  Freedom, according to Big Brother, is slavery to the Party.Enter Winston, whose job is to rewrite books and other literature to suit the needs of Big Brother.  He questions what he is doing, as well as loyalty.  As he quietly questions his role, he comes to meet Julia and they have an illicit affair.  The Party will not stand for this.  Only Big Brother can supply all their needs, both physical, emotional, and sexual.This is a must for anyone living in America today.  It is requires reading in my Government class and it never ceases to amaze me how the kids can get into it and discuss it with such frankness.Although somewhat dark and cynical, 1984 does reveal how even free governments originally found on Democracy will eventually do anyting to hold onto their power.  Hopefully the depressing ending might inspire a sleeping society to wake up and realize what is truly going on."
"1984 is about a man named Winston Smith and the totalitarian society he lives in.  Winston becomes a free thinker in a society where the Thought Police will kill for doing such criminal acts.  He starts to rebel against Big Brother in ways that I couldnt even believe (writing in a diary, having sex, purchasing certain items at a store).  Winston's journey is a scary one from beginning to end.  Part three is especially creepy.  I know that this story is very extream, but it is kinda crazy how it describes things that happen in our world today."
The book was a little slow being delivered but no problems! It also came in better condition than I was expecting! (:
"While 1984 is now considered a cautionary tale about totalitarianism, it should be remembered that Orwell was an ardent socialist. Perhaps the most important (and least discussed) element of the story of 1984 is the doublethink of its author: Orwell's ability to condemn an outcome, while advocating its cause. Even as Orwell portrayed the corruption of socialist government in Animal Farm and the cruelty of totalitarian government in 1984, he insisted that these are perversions of socialism, rather than the inevitable fruit of socialism.This is the same foolish idea as Marx had; that human nature is malleable and can be forced to adapt to a socialist zeitgeist. Sadly, many people suffer the same delusion today; believing that government has the right to mold human nature rather than the responsibility to yield to human nature and respect our natural rights. Socialists do not like that human nature opposes slavery (i.e. socialism) and insist that with enough socialist indoctrination and through the force of socialist government, human nature can be remade to love subjugation.When we look to the troubling conclusion, it appears to be a break from the tradition of a successful resolution for the hero of the novel. Just as Brave New World ended with the State purging its misfits from its midst, 1984 ends with the arrest and reeducation of its misfit. Could it be that this was a successful conclusion in the mind of a socialist? Could it be that socialists are so wedded to their ideology that they have lost the ability to sympathize with human rights to liberty and freedom of conscience and would rather sympathize with the State? What if the ending reveals that the hero of a socialist novel was never meant to be the individual; is the hero in fact the State?"
"2084: Mars, A New World Since I am the author of the referenced book, I am naturally familiar with George Orwell's book ""1984"". It was originally intended to be a 100 year update of his novel which unintentionally led to many of the same conclusions that he reached over 60 years ago. And although the totalitarian planetary government in place in my story is much the same as Orwell described in his book, I believe I have described it's origins in greater detail. Many of the accepted practices in today's world lead to results very familiar to Orwell's readers. Such concepts as ""Newspeak"", ""Doublethink"", ""Thought Police"", and even ""Big Brother is Watching You"",are being implemented today by contemporary democratic societies, including the U.S.  In addition, we now have increased security provisions caused by the war on terror that could result in a severe loss of freedom if left unchecked. I believe my story not only shows that Orwell's warnings were valid, but that given the  environment in the world today and the increased apathy of its citizens, many of his prophecies have increased odds of becoming reality."
"Big Brother is watching in a utopian vision of 1984 where everyone is being watched. With the invent of modern cell phone technologies and such it is entirely possible that we are all being watched by someone or multiple someone's without being made aware. Love is also forbidden and mixing between classes is frowned upon. Love in modern society is under attack by the pressures of a bad economy, work schedules, children, and fifty bajillion other things and I personally have noticed that there isn't exactly a lot of mixing between people of different ethnic and cultural backgrounds and occupations, so my thought is are we really that far from the basic concepts of 1984 : technological watching possible at any moment, a loss of love and intimacy and a divides between ethnic and cultural groups that still can't mix ?"
"I read this book for the first time in high school and found it mildly interesting. I read it again recently and realized what an incredible piece of genius it really is. The other thing I realized is that this book makes perfect sense as a satire of Christianity. Big Brother. Thought crimes. Room 101. It fits perfectly. Of course, whether that was Orwell's intent I don't know (though he was an atheist), but I think the book is a masterpiece if analyzed in that way. Paul Gehrman, Author, Kaleidoscope"
"My copy is so old it does not have an ISBN.  It is the twenty-first printing of the 1949 Harcourt edition. Refer, then, to page 191: ""In the long run a hierarchial society was only possible on the basis of poverty and ignorance."" (This is the rant of the ficticious Goldstein.)Now read Jon Jeter's ""Flat Broke in the Free Market,"" ""Armed madhouse,"" by Palast, ""The Man Who Sold the World..."" by Kleinkrecht, and, of course, the ever popular blockbuster of international poverty ""The World is Flat"" by Friedman. So, I will leave it up to you, gentle reader, was Orwell a prophet of distinction or a paranoid socialist nutcase? Have you already visited Room 101?The book is marred by lengthy and didactic dialogue and the premise  ""They"" would spend money to force Winston to love Big Brother before whacking him.  Stalin, and rest of the politicians, dictators, and religious leaders would not have spent the dime.But, at least, as yet, our ubiquitous screens only broadcast and do not monitor, although there is some very distressing information out there about electronic surveillence.Now, one of the local teachers complained to me that he was expected to be teaching exactly the same thing the same day as all the other instructors in his field.  ""Why don't they just use a DVD?"" he complained.  Now, it just so happens that Uncle Mitch, and I will not tell you who he is if you do not know, just announced that every student could have virtual charter school education just by plugging in a computer (Thus, eliminating teachers, teachers' unions, pension plans, school building maintenance, etc. for the public from this personal taxes).You can bet the DVD would be broadcast from some third world country where the techs would work for food, while those who will rule over us, including Uncle's offspring, attended private schools, probably funded by public tax money.  You can also bet a shiny new dime that ""1984"" would not be in the curriculum.So, the question again is: Was Orwell a prophet of distinction or a paranoid socialist nutcase?Either way, this book seems almost as fresh today as the day it was written, and, as distressing as this title is, should be on your required reading list.As an addendum: Readers may wish to revisit Orwell's earlier work ""Animal Farm"" to discover that ""1984"" is really just an enlargement of that previous publication, although the names have been changed to protect the guilty."
"1984 is a very enjoyable book to read, although I would never hand this to anyone under 14. This is a book that does discuss sexual content between two of the main characters, but this is part of the main story line. I think anyone that reads it will like it. Although it is pretty scary on how close some of the topics which it touches is becoming today in the world."
"The year was 1974 and I was a twelve year old Puerto Rican boy living in The Bronx where I would often see some of the older kids carrying this book around as part of their class reading assignment. I was immediately fascinated by the title. There was nothing particularly spectacular about the book's appearance, merely the numbers 1984 in a font that was rather friendly looking with only the tiny black silhouette of a running man printed along the spine indicating only the vaguest hints of what was written within.I had recently discovered science fiction and my interest was piqued by a title set that far into the future (to a twelve year old boy anyway) and I reasoned that it must surely have been a science fiction novel and evidently a good one I reasoned since it was an assigned book in school.Those were the days before we had VCR's (never mind DVDs and playable computer files) and as a twelve year old growing up in the Big Apple in that era I was pretty much at the mercy of adults as to what movies I saw and the few TV stations we had back then in regards to what science fiction they saw fit to broadcast. Since Star Wars and Alien were three and five years into the future you can imagine that there was a dearth of science fiction, most especially good science fiction. At that time I had only caught glimpses of 2001: A Space Odyssey at very inconvenient moments.Anyway I could not wait for it to be assigned to me, if at all (that year I got Shane instead) so on one of my many visits to my aunt across town I went around the corner from her apartment to The Grand Concourse where there was a tiny mom and pop book store (this was before the rise of mega bookstores as well) that kept a pretty good selection of sci-fi. To my surprise there were a couple of copies of 1984 not in the Sci-fi section but in the literature section and a few more in the classics section. Well excuse me.Remember that this was before Star Wars so my view of science fiction was not limited to space operas, in fact I was completely unaware of that kind of science fiction with the possible exception, later on, of Dune. The first science fiction book I ever read was Philip K Dick's The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch, a great book but quite possibly the worst book you could choose to introduce a 10 - 11 year old to sci-fi, but the point is that I was not naïve enough to have any expectation of ray guns and the like. Anyway I read the synopsis on the back and for a moment I almost considered not spending my allowance on it but I went ahead anyway.By the time I finished this book I was not the same person I was when I started it.To this day there is no doubt in my mind that the course I was on in life prior to reading 1984 was no longer the course I found myself on after reading it. I was still a twelve year old boy with all the concerns of all twelve year old boys at the time (toys, summer fun and increasingly girls, who started becoming more interesting to me) but suddenly all of the real world concerns that I was largely shielded from became part of my conscious landscape and I began to experience a burgeoning appreciation of the apprehension the adults around me felt during times of national or world crises.George Orwell painted a picture of a world so horrific, so utterly devoid of hope (unless you reckon differently by considering the appendix as part of the story) and yet so seemingly plausible that its impact in the world of politics as well as the inclusion of phrases such as ""Orwellian"", ""Big Brother"" and ""Double Think"" into the lexicon should come as no surprise.While it is true that ideology of the state described in 1984 is labeled INGSOC ""English Socialism"" one should keep in mind that George Orwell was a Social Democrat and references are made in 1984 to some past betrayal, via the incoherent ramblings of a background character, that may be taken as a suggestion by Orwell as the primary reason as to why the state exists as rendered in 1984. I mention this lest one may assume that George Orwell may have viewed Socialism as inherently flawed for I truly believe he made the adopted ideology of the state in 1984 his own so that readers could not construe it as an attack on any particular ideology.I make this case not as a socialist or communist for I am not either, but rather to assure those readers that may find themselves avoiding this book because they fear that it may be a distortion and attack on their own political ideology. Rest assured that this novel is less a treatise on the evils of any particular ideology and more of an expose on the extreme measures undertaken by a totalitarian state to subject its citizen to whatever means are necessary to totally bend them to its collective will, right up to the point of not just breaking an individual's will but to the point of inverting it as well.What is key here, in spite of the compelling main story of a doomed and forbidden sexual affair, is the exhibition of engineered and finely tuned misery via endless war deliberately waged, not for the purposes of destroying a factual or imagined enemy, but rather for the dual purpose of wasting resources to keep the population in abject poverty and also to instill (or at least to coerce the appearance of) strong feelings of patriotism via nationalism which of course makes a foreign enemy necessary.Orwell also deftly illustrates that a dystopia of this kind cannot rely solely on a foreign enemy to maintain its Iron grip on the populous as this does not allow sufficient reason for the state to wage war against those citizens who would question it and undermine its authority. A common domestic enemy is also necessary; one that may actually be in league with the various foreign and interchangeable enemies and who, by virtue of their proximity within the state, are also in a position to sabotage the country's war efforts by the use of terrorist's tactics or by fomenting the rot of rebellion from within.Some citizens might actually suppose that they could benefit from losing the war, surely life could not be worse than it already is and they may consider taking their chances with an enemy invader; enter Emmanuel Goldstein the big domestic terrorist boogeyman who is largely an invention of the state and therefore a tool to entrap ""thought criminals"" as well as serving, along with his anonymous followers, as a focal point for patriotic rage the expression of which is mandated by a necessarily public ritual called the ""two minutes hate"".Orwell creates (in his fictitious state of Oceana) an endless logic loop in which the state relies on notions of patriotism and in which all citizens without thinking feel the need to protect their now antiquated notions of the nationhood (as opposed to the state). This is in spite of the fact that the state has drifted far from when such patriotism or any sense of duty to country actually made sense. As it is there is no real escape, for Oceana's deadly ""enemies"" Eurasia and Eastasia are similarly governed, indeed they cannot exist as is without each other.1984 is a world of near constant and near inescapable surveillance even within the confines of one's home. What is being attempted here however is not necessarily the documentation of any activity you or I would consider a crime for the purposes of prosecution but rather an attempt to discern any possible hint that the citizen may be committing a ""thought crime"", that is harboring any negative feelings toward the state or its titular head ""Big Brother"", for the purposes of ""correcting"" the citizen as the state cannot allow dissidents or martyrs.It is a world in which parents fear their children who are the primary agents of the state responsible for the capture of more thought criminals than any state agency.It is also a world in which there is an active state program laboring to narrow the range of thought by reducing the English language year by year to the final aim of a converting it to some sort of rudimentary drone-speak. Why have the word ""bad"" when ""good"" already implies its opposite and the word ""un-good"" will suffice? Why stop there? There would eventually be no need for phrases such as ""great"", ""marvelous""  or ""fantastic"" or  any variation of such when one can merely say ""good"" ""plus good"" and ""double plus good"". The reasoning is that if you strip language down to its most elementary stage, stopping just short of interfering with society's ability to function you can do away with entire concepts such as freedom and civil rights.In Orwell's nightmare sex for pleasure is a punishable crime not for any of the usual reasons of morality but because the state wants you to channel all your energies toward being a productive citizen of the state for the sake of the state.In 1984 society has been dived into three classes.1. The poor, or ""Proles"" who are deliberately kept dumb and poor rendering them incapable of rising above their station and yet are largely left alone so as to enjoy the baser joys of life such as pornography strictly as a means of mollifying them. All of which combines to make them incapable of rebellion.2. The ruling class or ""Inner Party"" who remain un-incentivized to enact any changes not just out of fear of reprisals by their fellow inner party members via the state but also out of fear of losing the few petty privileges they enjoy.3. And finally the middle class or ""Outer Party"" relegated to actually carrying out the will of the state thereby bearing witness to all the lies and totalitarian tactics employed by the state which ironically makes them the primary targets of the ""miniluv"" or the ""Ministry Of Love"" that is responsible for law enforcement which in this book means oppressing, torturing and ""re-educating"" those Outer Party members accused of thought crime.Essentially 1984 presents a juggernaut state that has become unmoored from whatever benign ideals once berthed it and has drifted off beyond site of a reassuring oasis-like coastline. A state in which its inhabitants no longer strive to achieve their original goals be they based on economical, religious or political ideals and have allowed the state to become a living entity in itself with the destruction of the human spirit as its sole aim.Much is made about the last four words in 1984 but for me the most horrific line in the entire book is Obrien's revelation to Winston Smith as to what is in store for humanity.""If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face -- forever."""
"I'm a bit biased; I read this as a teenager and have always considered it my favorite book.  I decided to reread it, and it was just as powerful. The dark world it portrays and the social psycholgy it depicts still rings fresh for me.  A must-read for any socially and politically conscious person."
"Do you think that the USA is going to invade North Korea without provocation?  Probably not.  Even Bush hasn't done it or advocated it, and if he doesn't it probably never will happen.  But that's not what the people of North Korea believe.  They think that they are going to be invaded.  And this is what Chavez is pounding into his masses of poor people in Venezuela.  Fear is a very good way to control people.  Look at the USA after 9/11.  We were shocked, and rightly so.  We invaded Afghanistan, and rightly so.  But then things got a little wacky and we were not sure if we were continuing in the right direction.  If took several years before we could start to see things a little more objectively, but perhaps now we aren't really seeing things correctly either.  Perhaps this is just the opposition's turn to confuse us.Orwell shows how masses can be controlled without even knowing it.  He shows how 4 = 5, and how you can make people appreciate how little you do for them.  Instead of complaining about the Press's mistakes, thank your luck stars that we have a free press.  And then wonder just how free it really is..."
"This is one piece of fiction that is too close to a potential reality. Of course, because it is fiction there are slight exaggerations, but overall this novel takes you into a world that is actually in the past. When reading this novel, keep asking yourself is this possible? If you say no, perhaps it is. Telescreens-->television?This novel is one that will awaken your senses, yet, you may not find yourself smiling. It is a serious read, but one that gets you to think and question."
"Thankfully in the year I was born which was 1984, the world wasn't exactly like it was in the novel.  What makes 1984 important to the modern reader is several things.First is the fact that culturally its an incredibly relavent book.  Most people have today heard terms like ""How 1984"", ""Orwellian"", or even ""doublethink"", in the modern vocab.  Hell, even Radiohead did a song called 2+2=5.  The reader, particularly the young one trying to grasp a sense of history, in the sense of the progression of modern thought, will find this book very important.  That relates to the 2nd reason why you need 1984, not only is it culturally relavent in its influence and often referenced nature.  But it is one of those books that have shaped the way that we think, particularly in the free market west, and has helped give us moral justification in avoiding what becomes the excessive totaltarian nature of many collectivist style government.  Perhaps in Orwell's mind he may of been more successful then he orginally planed to be in his warning, as he was a english socialist, and was deathly afraid of what he had seen happen with Stalin in Russia.  As a story, 1984 is a well thought out and griping story.  The intergration of idea's, action, depth, and even a great deal of dark satire blend together well.Although it is a good idea if one does have at least a decent understanding of Marxism before approaching it, as i've seen younger people in my generation approach the novel without the understanding of Marx and walk away with little more comprehension of the tale's warnings then they could.  Overall however, one of the few books everyone in our culture should at least attempt to read."
"I truly believe this book was sent as a precautionary tale to future generations. If not, Orwell damn sure used a prohet's brain to pen this masterpeice. In a world that cares more about war, profit, and restricting civil liberties, we should be so bold as to read this and take notice. Our time as a free people is almost gone, and we will never, ever get it back.War is Peace. Freedom is Slavery."
"This book is a historical masterpiece. The characters, the setting, the message, still ring true today. Individualism is crushed in this books world; humans become like insects, and think with a hive mind. The doctrine that the people of this world chant like a mantra are all basic contradictions, such as, ""War is peace"". Putting the mind in a double bind where normal thought is paralyzed. A lot of people say that we are moving forward towards the 1984 world. I agree in a sense but we are going about it in a subtle different way. Such as the current cry for everything in the name of safety, really, Can you ever be safe enough? Therefore any law could effectively get passed in the name of safety, or battling terrorists or global warming, or equal rights, or etc infinitum. We have to remember to use common sense when something is presented as truth. Further we must be careful and ever vigilant when it comes to human rights and freedom of speech, and learn the lessons that Orwell tried to teach us."
have you read?  Its the book everyone is reading now.  It shows what its like to live in a totalagrarian society like Nazi Germany or W. U.S.
Reading this novel again in today's context is even more enlightening.  Orwell's nighmarish vision of the future seems to be drawing closer with every passing year.This book is a classic and simply must be read by everyone. I personally own two copies of this book and believe it should be a staple of every modern library.
This book is a must read and is #1 on my list of books!!
"Someone's watching. The government has you entrenched in a conspiracy so deep, where a national tragedy gave leadership the opportunity to seize all of your rights in the name of your personal protection. No, this isn't the Patriot Act- it's ""1984,"" a dystopian Science Fiction novel by George Orwell, the author of ""Animal Farm."" Written in 1949, ""1984"" hardly seems as dated as its title might imply. Really, nothing could be farther from the truth. The world set up by Orwell, over seen by Big Brother and his invisible band of Thought Police, has people political prisoners within their own country. Winston, a worker in the Record Department of one of the three ministries (The Ministry of Truth, or Minitrue), finds his mind resisting the world he's given, not completely accepting the ""news"" he's given, as well as doubting his contentment. He enters into a relationship, finds himself contacted by an underground resistance, and comes to discover some of the more dangerous traits of the Party. Orwell's ""1984"" is an extremely well written political masterpiece, which traces societal trends in an innovative and pessimistic sort of way.From the beginning, Orwell introduces new touches of technology made from innovations in his time. Things such as telescreens (basically televisions with the capability to communicate with and spy on members of the outer party) and speakwrites (a microphone that transcribes dictations) give a modern sense to the novel, while keeping it somewhat futuristic, even in modern times. No extravagant inventions like space ships or teleporters are touched on, so there isn't a feeling of inaccuracy or over-optimism that seems to be common in more ambitious science fiction media. Honestly, I found myself wishing that something such as a speakwrite existed for homework assignments, or even writing this very review; however, I didn't get that overwhelming sense of ""Yeah right, nothing like THAT existed in 1984"" from the position of being here in 2007.Orwell brings out the political message of the novel most obviously by using the supposed revolutionary Goldstein's book. The chapters from Goldstein's book are inserted into 1984 as Winston reads them. Although these excerpts read something like stereo instructions or college dissertations, it really affirms the politics behind Orwell's writing. The three political bodies, or countries, in this novel consist of Oceania, Eurasia and East Asia. Oceania includes the United Kingdom, Eurasia includes the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, and East Asia includes China and Japan. The fact that Orwell had the foresight to predict a lot of specific traits of world politics (such as the takeover of one party regimes in China) and the escalation of current world politics (such as the arms race and the containment policy against the Soviet Union) absolutely floored me. There were times when I was reading through sections of Goldstein's history where I simply had to put it down, because some of the events supposedly taking place in the fifties and sixties I had just learned about in my history class as taking place around then. That in and of itself is not only brilliant, but very powerful; just knowing that the book predicted some of the things that happened gives more credibility to the more radical things Orwell predicted. That's what's so strong about ""1984;"" there's this sense of ""It could happen.""SPOILER WARNINGS!Another strength of the novel was the relationship between Winston and Julia. Although I personally didn't like Julia - (she struck me as a very odd sort of a rebel who didn't even seem to know what she wanted) - her character was perfect for the novel. Her quirky unpredictability and her complete disregard for authority showed how even the most seemingly active Party members harbored deep reservations about the life they were living. Also, her somewhat shallow and lukewarm interest in politics was a good portrayal of the way people would begin to act after living under an oppressively totalitarian regime. It was admittedly strange to me how Winston was impressed by how many men Julia had managed to sleep with, but their relationship was still believable. Both of them had the fundamental desire to rebel against the system, and they channeled that towards sex. Fortunately, I couldn't personally relate to that, but it did represent a form of rebellion on Orwell's part against people who want to turn sex into a utility and take all of the pleasure out of it.The ending, however, was the most potent part of the novel. When Julia and Winston are caught and tortured, and Orwell describes the nightmarish ordeal Winston is put through, the reader really comes to understand how Winston develops. Throughout the entire novel, Winston's progression from a nervous rebel, to a carefree rebel, to a penitent traitor was perfectly delineated by Orwell. After Winston suffers through his torture and decries everything- his distaste for Big Brother, his suspicion of changing information, his mental rejection of double speak- he becomes just another guy. Another drone under Big Brother, a man who loves and follows Big Brother and works for Big Brother. At first, I admit I was disappointed. I kind of hoped for some sort of upset, a little sense of rebellion or even a feeling that something might have changed because of what Winston did. That lack of closure in that sense, however, was actually really good for the book though. It just shows how hopeless, how drone-like, how terrible an existence under a complete ruler can be, and how there really isn't any hope of the dystopian society changing after it has come in full swing. It really drove home that people should actively keep their most basic rights, and never let them slip away.""1984"" was one of the most contemporary feeling books I have ever read that was written before the 80's. It's well written, engaging, exciting and interesting, and provides intellectual fodder as well as personal enjoyment. There is suspense, love, and introspective thought, and the entire novel is building up towards the big twists on the end. Personally, I think ""1984"" is one of the best of its kind, and was a better political metaphor than Alduous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" or even Orwell's own ""Animal Farm."" However, you'll never be able to look at your government the same again- Big Brother is watching you."
"I've been meaning to read this one for years and finally got around to it.  I'm glad I did.  Orwell warns about totalitarian control of the masses through revisionist history, perversion of the meaning of words, and relativism.  While the urgency of his warning may have diminished with the fall of totalitarian communism, it's still relevant today in ways Orwell might not have anticipated.  When I hear phrases like ""abortion 'clinic'"" (one goes to a ""clinic"" when one is sick) or see the illogic behind radical Islam in action, I see that Big Brother's means of mind control and subjugation is not necessarily dead."
"This is the most depressing tale I have ever read. Though I know it to be fiction, I still can't take myself out of its ending. Although you KNOW for certain how the story will end, one could even imagine writing the plot exactly as it is only half way through the book, you could still not imagine the profoundness in which it was written and the mood it puts you in. It is also one of the most mentally exhausting reads. Taking you from logical absurdities to the haziness of dream worlds to metaphysical discussions.Ok, so why am I giving it 5 stars despite all this?Because in doing it the way it is, Orwell has succeeded in transferring to you his absolute hatred of mental bondage, and of absolute unchecked human authority, and anything and everything that can lead to them. The rate at which the story is advanced towards the darkness and viciousness, the way he never for a moment leaves a prickle of hope in you heart or your mind about the final outcome of the protagonist or the world in which he lives, all reflect in no uncertain terms this hatred. Sometimes you think to yourself reading this ""ok, I get it, why all this darkness""? Then, you realize what he was doing. He is shouting with the top of his lungs to all of us to NEVER EVER let things even approach the conditions of ""Airstrip one"".What I have found most amazing in the novel towards the end is his resolution of a question that kept lingering in the protagonist's mind throughout the story; the ""why?"", why would the ""Party"" or the people in it do that? I have seen few reviewers allude to it. His answer was as simple and unexpected to me as it was to Winston - the protagonist, yet was perfectly inline with the extreme world Orwell built. There is no ""why"", there is no logic to explain it. Power is an end, not a means. In the words of the party members: ""GOD is power"". There is no reason for such attrocities but a sheer animalistic lust for power. Again, he is in a way saying: ""don't ever try to rationalize it to yourself or others"".What sets ""1984"" apart from its famous sibling ""Animal Farm"", which by the way was also very depressing, is that it is not tailored to the history of the Communists. You could see, in a sense, the development of Orwell's thought while writing these two pieces. He started with the first to document one of the worst forms of collectivism that he witnessed, then - seeing at that time no sign of it being defeated or abated - took it to its extreme form. Such a form was sufficiently general to cover all types of mind slavery, to the extent that it can be applicable everywhere. I belive he might have even hinted at that in the part where he recounts the ""history of the world"" that he imagined from the his time to 1984. In this history, ALL of the globe, is ruled the same way albeit with different names and insignificant changes in ideology.It is impossible to read 1984 without drawing parallels between contemporary events and something that is taking place in the novel. Indeed, one might never find a place where this kind of world exists. Yet, there is always something to draw parallels upon. Here, in the States, when you here the words ""spin masters"", you can't help but think of the principle of ""doublethink""; in which one can not only muster the ability to consciously think of something and its opposite at the same time, yet somehow be able to believe both of them. You hear the word ""alternate reality"" in which people hear, read, and see the facts yet still are able to fit them into their worldview. A view in which internment is justified, the poor are robbing the rich, dissent is treason, torture is patriotism, failures are successes, and everything you think is true is a lie fabricated by an enemy called ""the main stream media"". Then, you can't help but think of the ""Ministry of truth"" and the ""Ministry of love"".Orwell is a champion of freedom at all levels, but most importantly in ""1984"", he is a champion of common sense.""Freedom is the ability to say that two plus two equals four"".1984 is a must read for all."
"George Orwell published a book entitled 1984.  The novel made a huge impact and made a statement about humanity.  He wrote the book in 1949, envisioning the future of man.  He believed that there would be dictatorship by the government by 1984. The novel's main character is Winston Smith.  He doubts the system or the government, in which is Big Brother that's controls Oceania, one of the three super states.  Winston is older than most citizens of the super state.  He slightly remembers life before Big Brother.  Big Brother would prefer people not to know the past.  Though his memories are indistinct, he thinks that life must have been better before Big Brother's leadership.  As Winston's rebellion progresses, he meets Julia, who is also against Big Brother.  Winston and Julia become lovers and confess their rebelliousness to O'Brien, who is believed to be a member of a rebel group called Brotherhood.  Then comes the story's climax.  The reader will be introduced to what's behind 1984.  George Orwell brings suspense in the story when he shows us what is really behind Big Brother.  Big Brother uses mental manipulation to influence its citizens.  This book reminds us of political tragedies, how the government can control everything.  George Orwell reminds us of what went wrong, what can go wrong, and what will go wrong when the government becomes all-powerful.  I believe that this book opened my mind to politics.  1984 is one of the best books written.  Orwell writes about reality and bases its contents to the real world."
unfortunately. its seriously scary how close we are to this book becoming reality.
"1984 began pretty slowly, but I got into it more towards the middle of the book. It takes place in 1984 in Oceania (London), where Big Brother and the Party have complete control. Everyone must agree with Big Brother and the teachings of the Party, and there can be absolutely no evidence that contradicts them. In the Ministry of Truth, our main character Winston alters such documents to keep them consistent with the Party's lies. The people's minds are completely controlled by the government, to the point where they would not even question an obvious lie such as ""2+2=5"" if they were told so. It's all pretty terrifying, but it was interesting to see the many parallels between totalitarian states in history, our world today, and other dystopian/utopian literature like Fahrenheit 451 (although I thought that novel was far better). Hitler's followers during the Holocaust were completely brainwashed by his propaganda, embracing socialism and nationalism as the people do in this novel. Hitler seemed like a savior to the people, as did Big Brother, no matter how harmful they were to their societies. The Party gave them a false sense of security and comforted the people, but the government was still feared. They were constantly monitored through the telescreens, and could not make a single move without being seen, making it impossible to oppose the government. Because they have to constantly monitor themselves, they start to believe in the things they are doing, and they learn to love Big Brother. This was my one disappointment. I expected some huge rebellion, or at least a little more from Winston, after all of the suspense. I was waiting for that F451 Montag-escapes-the-mechanical-hound-and-goes-free ending, but I did not get exactly what I expected. Nevertheless, it was an excellent read and I would still recommend it, especially if you enjoy dystopian/utopian literature as much as I do."
"It is a good book, i dont know if i totaly understand the point. It does make you hate people not involved with history and the world around them, if you arent you will believe anything."
"I was depressed for a week after I finished completing this novel. The torture that the protagonist endures is just too much to digest. I can only be thankful that this terrifying vision hasn't come to fruition...yet.Oddly enough, as I was trying to finish the final 100 pages of this book, I began reading ""The Partner"", which also has the main character endure series of torture to get him to crack."
"George Orwell wrote this novel in 1948 (reversing the last two digits for the title) as a foreshadowing of what the world will be in 1984 if totalitarian regimes are not kept in check. Orwell had written some other essays and books on similar lines, warning against the dangers of oligarchy, but 1984 is especially gloomy and frightening. Perhaps, as pointed out by some other reviewers, his illness at the time of writing had something to do with it.The new regime in Orwell's 1984 controls a part of the world called Oceania, and is not only at constant war with the two other powers - Eurasia and Eastasia (both with doctrines indistinguishable from Oceania) - but also exercises complete control over its individuals through four ministries: the ministry of truth, the ministry of peace, the ministry of plenty, and the ministry of love which are in reality responsible respectively for lies, war, starvation, and torture. For the party, the individuals do not exist, only the party - with its nominal head: the Big Brother - exists. History is altered on a regular basis to suit the current policies of the party one of whose slogans is: ""Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past.""  The official language of the party is Newspeak whose vocabulary keeps on decreasing every year with the aim that fewer the number are words are, the easier it is to manipulate the minds of individuals.Fortunately, the dystopian society predicted by Orwell has not become a reality, but for the people living in 1940s and 50s, something like this must have seemed a frightening possibility in wake of German Nazism and Russian Communism.  But, at the same time, Orwell's warning is still relevant to all the dogma and doctrines that call for the complete and total submission of individuals to some higher authority, and also to the advancement of technology, which if misused, can become powerful tools in the hands of a few to control the freedom of others."
I loved the story.  The only problem I found with the audio CD version was that the reader's voice was very high pitched and I had to turn the trebble completely off to keep it from hurting my ears.
"I cannot express how unhappy I was with this book.  Orwell sets forth a brilliant and chilling portrayal of what could happen if governement went horribly wrong.  You hate it, you sympathize with the main character, you root for him to come through it all...and in the end, he just rolls over and submits.  No heroic death, nothing.  Winston becomes the thing he hates, and thus ends the book.  Nothing is accomplished, and the book ends up feeling like a waste.  I must agree with a previous reviewer in saying ""this book made me feel less human for having read it"".  Any book that can make me feel dirty on a fundamental level deserves at least 3 stars for sheer writing power alone.For a more uplifting, yet equally gritty dystopian novel about the human spirit in a fantasy setting, try Terry Goodkind's ""Faith of the Fallen"".  While the series may not have much merit as a whole, this book seems to me like a mirror image of 1984...it portrays the same world, delivers the same warning, except it doesn't make you want to commit suicide."
"George Orwell's classic novel, 1984, is set in a grim world where life is stripped down to its basis. Winston Smith, the main charachter, is just one of many Outer Party members, those who live under the support of the government, but also live under many government restrictions. The government controls everything, and Big Brother sits at the top of a totalitarian society. In the mind of Winston, Big Brother watches all. Winston differs from many of the Outer Party in the fact that he remembers the past. He can recall that years earlier, Oceania, the massive third of the world formed by the Americas, Australasia, and Airstrip One(Great Britain), was at war with Eastasia, another massive sect of the globe. Yet, in the year 1984, Oceania wars with Eurasia, and has always warred with Eurasia. The Government, enforced by the Thought Police, controls even the past. Any history is changed in accordance with current events. If Oceania is at war with Eurasia, it has always been at war with Eurasia. Any evidence that suggests otherwise is destroyed at once.Winston slowly becomes aware of the wrongdoings of the Party, and seeks out ways to defy it. He first purchases a diary and begins writing in it, which, although not directly forbidden, is an act of thoughtcrime. He even subconsciously writes pages of the phrase ""DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER"". As his awareness progresses, he takes increasing risks. He returns to the store where he purchased the diary, and buys a piecce of coral encased in glass. This makes him feel connected to the beauty of the past. The largest of these risks is his secret love affair with another Party member. He is later contacted by a man by the name of O'Brian, and inner party member. Winston and his lover meet with this cryptic figure and discuss a secret rebellion called the Brotherhood. Winston and Julia immediately join in the hope of bringing the Party to its knees.All in all, this book expresses Orwells deep fear of what the world is becoming. In this grim novel, war is constant, and neverending. I would imagine that is what the outcome of World War II would seem like. It also expresses the fear of a totalitarian rule that strips life down to its bare essentials. The Party tries to make this seem like a benefit for the entire society, but in reality, all the Party wants is the power to stay in power. It is almost a grim prediction of the rise of communism. The government, in essence, is almost similar to that of the Soviet Union. This everlasting war can easily be compared to the Cold War. This nearly prophetic view of the future presents an interesting view of society, and therefore is a must read."
"I bought this book because of the great story and the front cover. The story is fine, apart from the 70 odd page preface, but the front cover is nothing like the that pictured. Most disappointing as this was a 21st birthday present for my brother born in 1984. Not happy."
"+++++This novel by George Orwell (whose real name was Eric Arthur Blair, 1903 to 1950) is about the effects of totalitarianism.  Totalitarianism is a characteristic of a government or state in which one political party maintains complete control under a dictatorship and bans all others.This story, which takes place in London in 1984, follows one man (named Winston Smith) and his love interest (Julia) as they struggle against this totalitarian party (""The Party"") whose leader (actually dictator) is ""Big Brother.""  The Party political orthodoxy rules the giant country of ""Oceania"" (in which London is located).At the heart of this party's political orthodoxy is the process of controlling thought through the manipulation of language and information by the use of ""Newspeak"" which utilizes what is called ""doublethink.""Newspeak is the official language of Oceania (but is not the only language spoken).  It is a language that eliminates unnecessary words and is designed to diminish rather than help expressive thought.  For example, Newspeak states that there is no good and bad but only good and ""ungood.""  Doublethink is the ability to simultaneously hold two opposing ideas in ones mind and believe in them both.  The three Party slogans that title this review are examples of doublethink.  Another good example is that (2+ 2 =4) and (2 + 2 = 5).The Party keeps everybody in line through Newspeak and doublethink.  But they also have other methods.  For example, they have the ""Thought Police"" that investigate ""thoughtcrimes.""  These are ""crimes"" of just having negative thoughts about The Party.  Another example are telescreens that watch your every move even in bathroom stalls.  Thus, ""Big Brother is watching you"" at all times.Winston and Julia are discovered to be guilty of thoughtcrimes by O'Brien (who is the personification of The Party).  O'Brien also represents those leaders who use cruelty and torture as their primary method of control (like Hitler and Stalin did).  He makes them pay for their ""crimes.""This novel clearly shows how totalitarianism negatively affects the human spirit and how it's impossible to remain freethinking under such circumstances.This novel also contains an appendix written by Orwell.  Here he explains various aspects of Newspeak and to my surprise he states that by the year 2050, Newspeak will be the only language that anyone will understand.  Why does he state this?  He wanted to keep the fear of totalitarianism alive in his readers well past the year 1984.  (Thus, this novel is still quite relevant for today!)Finally, this novel in a word is fascinating!  It is well written and is filled with symbolism and imagination.  It begins slow but gradually picks up speed.  And the story is very interesting.In conclusion, this novel is a masterpiece of political speculation that serves as a warning to us all.  Read it for yourself to see why it brought Orwell world-wide fame!!(first published 1949;  3 parts or 24 chapters)+++++"
"+++++This novel by George Orwell (whose real name was Eric Arthur Blair, 1903 to 1950) is about the effects of totalitarianism.  Totalitarianism is a characteristic of a government or state in which one political party maintains complete control under a dictatorship and bans all others.This story, which takes place in London in 1984, follows one man (named Winston Smith) and his love interest (Julia) as they struggle against this totalitarian party (""The Party"") whose leader (actually dictator) is ""Big Brother.""  The Party political orthodoxy rules the giant country of ""Oceania"" (in which London is located).At the heart of this party's political orthodoxy is the process of controlling thought through the manipulation of language and information by the use of ""Newspeak"" which utilizes what is called ""doublethink.""Newspeak is the official language of Oceania (but is not the only language spoken).  It is a language that eliminates unnecessary words and is designed to diminish rather than help expressive thought.  For example, Newspeak states that there is no good and bad but only good and ""ungood.""  Doublethink is the ability to simultaneously hold two opposing ideas in one's mind and believe in them both.  The three Party slogans that title this review are examples of doublethink.  Another good example is that (2+ 2 =4) and (2 + 2 = 5).The Party keeps everybody in line through Newspeak and doublethink.  But they also have other methods.  For example, they have the ""Thought Police"" that investigate ""thoughtcrimes.""  These are ""crimes"" of just having negative thoughts about The Party.  Another example are telescreens that watch your every move even in bathroom stalls.  Thus, ""Big Brother is watching you"" at all times.Winston and Julia are discovered to be guilty of thoughtcrimes by O'Brien (who is the personification of The Party).  O'Brien also represents those leaders who use cruelty and torture as their primary method of control (like Hitler and Stalin did).  He makes them pay for their ""crimes.""This novel clearly shows how totalitarianism negatively affects the human spirit and how it's impossible to remain freethinking under such circumstances.This novel also contains an appendix written by Orwell.  Here he explains various aspects of Newspeak and to my surprise he states that by the year 2050, Newspeak will be the only language that anyone will understand.  Why does he state this?  He wanted to keep the fear of totalitarianism alive in his readers well past the year 1984.  (Thus, this novel is still quite relevant for today!)This novel is in a word fascinating!  It is well written and is filled with symbolism and imagination.  It begins slow but gradually picks up speed.  And the story is very interesting.Finally, after reading this book, I recommend watching the 1984 movie ""1984"" starring John Hurt and Richard Burton (his last movie role).In conclusion, this novel is a masterpiece of political speculation that serves as a warning to us all.  Read it for yourself to see why it brought Orwell world-wide fame!!(first published 1949;  3 parts or 24 chapters;  325 pages)+++++"
"Ok, I have never been much of a reader. I recently decided to get back into reading. I'm glad I picked this book because I loved it. I have always been very interested in politics and propaganda. There were more than a few times during my read that I noticed similarities to our current political climate. Sometimes the instances of similarity were absolutely uncanny. One of the similarities I found most intriguing was the use of hate as a means of control. I believe this technique is being used today in our society. HATE = PATRIOTISM"
"It seemed so innocuous, just sitting there wedged between two other books on the shelf, collecting dust with the others on my ""yet to read"" list. I may have passed it by altogether had it not been for the fact that I needed to complete my three hundred pages for the second quarter of my junior year. Besides, I'd read this author's work before and knew that I enjoyed his writing fairly well. So, without realizing what I was plunging into, I picked up George Orwell's 1984; the most unceremonious beginning for a most extraordinary event.As I unconsciously flipped the pages, not realizing that I was still me and not Winston Smith, the story's protagonist, barely cognizant, in fact, that this was a book and not reality, I was dimly aware that this was something special; something far beyond what I had been expecting. If Animal Farm was a slightly humorous, if morbid, look at communism, then 1984 was a ghastly, apocalyptic vision of a demented future. After reading the first twenty pages, I determined that this was the single most quotable book of all time.The infamous Party slogans: ""War is Peace,"" ""Freedom is Slavery,"" ""Ignorance is Strength.""""Thoughtcrime does not entail death; thoughtcrime IS death.""""I understand HOW: I do not understand WHY.""""Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.""Chilling words from what could have been, from an averted catastrophe in which the human race subjugates itself through ignorance. Yet who's to say this could never come to pass? None can honestly look another straight in the eye and say, ""That is not the future."" To presume so is vanity manifest.The one enemy man need truly fear is himself. The notorious Big Brother, the faceless autocrat in charge of Orwell's nightmare world (incidentally, it is never established whether Big Brother is a single man or a surreptitious group superciliously dealing justice to the masses), mercilessly dominates life on Oceania, one of three nations in existence. These countries, Oceania, Eurasia, and Eastasia, are continually in a state of war with each other, in which Oceania and one of the others are allied against the last. Big Brother's control over his people is absolute, executed through a methodical censorship that keeps the façade of truth as a contorted mask. Big Brother has the power to efface any record of an event or person - to rewrite the past as he sees fit.Perhaps less relevant as a prophecy today (1984 has come and gone and no dictatorship has arisen to consolidate the Americas and the United Kingdom into a single communist entity), 1984 remains a very real piece of culture, with its own voice in the way it challenges one's preconceived notions and ideals. My English teacher perhaps said it best, when comparing 1984 to Animal Farm: ""Animal Farm hits you with gloves on; 1984 just smacks you bare-fisted."" And it's no slap, no half-hearted jab; it is an in-your-face, force of a moving train blow to the jaw from which the reader reels for weeks, even months after. It is an illustration, as well, of the need of consolidation and the hopelessness that such a government can be beaten: Winston, after waging a personal crusade for his secret freedom, winds up a brainwashed pawn of Big Brother.In the end, Orwell proves that, if the government so wills it, two and two really make five, not four, and no amount of protest is going to change that. This book was a life-changer for me in many ways, but mostly because it made me see a broader view of the world and made me appreciate life as I know it just that much more.""He gazed up at that enormous face. Forty years it had taken him to learn what kind of smile was hidden beneath the dark mustache. O cruel, needless misunderstanding! O stubborn, self-willed exile from the loving breast. Two gin-scented tears trickled down the sides of his nose. But it was alright, everything was alright, the struggle was finished. He had won the victory over himself. He loved Big Brother.""Quotes taken from George Orwell, 1984, copyright 1949 by Harcourt Brace Javonovich, Inc."
"There are only two type of people in the world.  Those who have read 1984, and those that should.  That's all the recommendation I'm going to give, as either you've heard of this book or there's no hope for you at all.  Buy it, borrow it, steal it ... whatever it takes, all thinking people owe it to themselves to experience Orwell's classic.So I'm not going to summarize the book, it's that much of a classic.  If you don't have some dim idea of what Big Brother represents, my review isn't going to help you.  Instead, I want to talk about my impressions, my ideas, and my thoughts about this amazing vision.I think that Orwell's book is gaining more relevance in the modern American world, and that's a really frightening thought.  We live in an age of the Patriot act, which allows the government to monitor its citizens in what they do, allowing unprecedented access to private information.  Yet, what is a patriot?  An individual who performs exempliary service to their govenment as an ideal ... yet, the first patriots were criminals.  They were hunted for rebellion or for spreading harmful propaganda against the British monarchy.  Now we have a government that could theoretically punish 'patriots', yet calls up images of protection and defense ...  I don't know about you, but that sounds like doublethink to me.We live in the age of newspeak.  Police actions instead of wars, government jargon instead of truth ... decidedly, we have been so blindsided by the new language of the administration that it is hard to understand just what is meant by what they say.  And this has been the truth of all administrations since early in this century.  Not a new thing, but it is getting worse.  All jargon does is obscure the truth.  With the fog of langauge separating reality from speech, honesty becomes impossible.Autonomy is dead.  Individuals cannot operate in our society.  It has been set up that only groups and parties can exist, and individuals are drown out in the voices of larger parties.  People are given their say, and that say is to continue their slavery.  People as a society do not know how to shrug off the status quo.  Thus, democracy does not know how to shrug off the status quo.  The people don't know what's good for them, and that creates the situation of 1984.  There is a simple truth ... if people didn't want to be oppressed, they wouldn't be.  The public is too many, the oppressors too few, but democracy rules and we are oppressed because we allow ourselves to be.  The future is in the proles, but the situation is still the same, and they do nothing.And what solution does Orwell give us?  A possible awakening of the proles years and years from now, maybe.  But other than that, there seems to be no end to the trap.  Indeed, I think the only freedom is that offered not by Orwell, but by Huxley in Brave New World.  But that's a story for another day ...I urge you to read this book, and above all to think about it, and form your own opinions.  Because individualism is the only freedom we have left.  And to give it up is to become the enemy of all intelligence, freedom, and hope."
"Having read this book many times in my life, I have to admit that the most recent occasion (this year) found me feeling that Orwell's vision of the future was closer than ever to coming true.My first reaction when discussing ""1984"" with anyone is that it is  NOT a political novel. I insist it is a philosophic novel.  It asks fundamentally the question ""why are we here?""  It also, however fantastically, provides a striking and disturbing answer: we are here to serve the rich and/or (for they are the same) powerful.  Period.  No other possibility can arise.  It is about society and a general critique of the human condition.It is NOT about Russia or the Communist system, nor does it in anyway extol the virtues of our present-day government.  To believe that it is about ""them"" instead of ""us"" is to mistake the entire purpose of the allegory and, essentially, live in the dark.  George Orwell had already taken his swipe at the Soviets in ""Animal Farm"" and while it might be fair to attribute many of the primary, simplistic visual cues or devices to the USSR (Big Brother as Lenin, Goldstein as Trotsky, terms like ""party"" and ""prole"", etc,) it is a great injustice to the author and his masterwork.  It is also to live in pig-headed blind ignorance, which is made all the more worse the more you praise something you don't understand.This is the story of an individual in a society that devalues the individual so much that no one lives in anything resembling comfort and everyone lives in fear.  It is about the predominance of the social class system in the world (the upper, middle, and lower classes) and a nightmarish possible scenario of what would happen if the Upper Class decided one day to take the final step to secure their power forever.  The world of Oceania is NOT the Soviet Union, it is the western power block (Britain combined with the United States, in particular.)  This point is made perfectly clear and shouldn't be forgotten. It is not about Communism in the west.  In fact, it is both a critique on Communism, Socialism, and Capitalism.Orwell seems to offer a world where the distinctions have long since eroded away to the point where only the ""TRUTH"" remains:  ""Throughout recorded time, and probably since the end of the Neolithic Age, there have been three kinds of people in the world, the High, the Middle, and the Low. They have been subdivided in many ways, they have borne countless different names, and their relative numbers, as well as their attitude towards one another, have varied from age to age: but the essential structure of society has never altered. Even after enormous upheavals and seemingly irrevocable changes, the same pattern has always reasserted itself, just as a gyroscope will always return to equilibrium, however far it is pushed one way or the other. The aims of these groups are entirely irreconcilable ... ""  So begins Goldstein's subversive book.  But, here is where you have to pay attention ... Goldstein doesn't exist.  Big Brother doesn't exist.  Only the class system exists.We are given the perspective of one person, Winston Smith (not coincidentally named after another famous Winston.)  Through Winston we learn that he is constantly observed by a television screen, that history is changed and even wiped out completely from one day to the next, that even thinking something which does not correspond to what the government wants you to think is a crime, that language can be distorted to such a point that by eliminating a word for a thing ... you destroy a thing itself.  This is a world in which personality is destroyed for the benefit of the whole, while the whole is slowly degraded to an abysmal filth.  The stink and grime of Oceania is almost tangible.  The decay, the fear, the awful sense of futility.  Orwell writes as if he were physically in the place.1984 is a book that baffles many people for another reason.  Science Fiction as a genre is never given proper respect, but when used to the fullest extent possible, the power is almost dangerous.  Orwell may have deliberately chosen this forum to implode his dystopic vision because he knew it might be overlooked.  It is, however, far from simplistic and, if fully digested, quite possibly the most explosive and important piece of literature ever written.But, if you want to believe its political and be caught forever in the ""trap"" be my guest."
"When George Orwell penned his novel in 1948, he created a gritting and grim dystopian future like none ever before.  With the fall of Fascism and the rise of Communism, the world seemed bent on becoming a slave to totalitarian rule.  In the world of 1984, three superstates exist: Eurasia, Eastasia, and Oceania, who wage an endless war against one another for dominance over man, and supremacy over the world.  The story is set in the city of Airstrip One, a place once known as London in ages past.  A place where ""war is peace, freedom is slavery, and ignorance is strength"".  A place where love for another is a crime, where family is an extension of the Gestapo-like Thought Police, and where thought and individuality can mean one's death.  The story focuses around Winston Smith, an Outer Party member for Big Brother, the dominant and omniscient regime of Oceania.  He works at the Ministry of Truth, a place where history is altered and fabricated to suit the needs of the Party; and where people can simply be erased from existence.  Winston appears to be like the rest of the brainwashed citizens; pledging his love to the Party, hating those considered enemies, and accepting the propaganda imposed on the rest of the masses.  Yet hidden inside himself, he longs to discover the truth of the past, and a way to break the iron grip of the Party.  Orwell's vivid tale pulls the reader in, as Winston engages in a forbidden love affair, joins a resistance movement, and ultimately confronts his enemies in the chilling conclusion.  Though the year may have passed us by, the ideas have manifested themselves throughout time, and will echo in the centuries to come."
"I was shell-shocked when I read ""Queenie""'s review. How can you live life not knowing that THE BOOK IS FICTIONAL!!!! It was a metaphor for what the Soviet Union would be like in the 20th century. Notice I said ""would be like"" because it was written decades before 1984. I cannot belive something so simple has to be spelled out like this, but there you have it. I thought it was a fantastic book. Depressing, but a must-read."
"In this book everyone is watched by Big Brother.  History is written and re-written on a daily basis to fit the government's propaganda needs.  Words are slowly taken away as the government seeks to stifle creativity and speech.  Children are indoctrinated from very early on and every one is a member of some pro-government committee.One man seeks to defy the government by thinking for himself thereby committing ""thought-crimes"".  He also keeps a journal and seeks out a lover.This book is too hard to adequately explain.  It is well written and is a must read for everyone.  Whether you are liberal or conservative, democrat or republican I am sure you have heard quotes used from this book attacking either side of the fence.  From the Patriot act to Hillary Care opponents have vocally cited this book to justify their fears.  I suggest you read it for yourself and draw your own conclusions as to which more closely portrays Big Brother.  My feeling is that they all portray this book very well in one way or another."
"Having just read BRAVE NEW WORLD and some other books for school, I can honestly say that 1984 by Orwell is the scariest, deepest, most interesting, and undoubtedly the best book I've ever read, with the possible exception of BARK OF THE DOGWOOD. When I started it, I couldn't put it down. When I finished it, I couldn't pick it up for fear of paranoia. Even now, after I've finally somewhat gotten over it, there are still some nights I can't sleep thinking about this unbelievably incredible book. It's ten times scarier than any Stephen King novel, and it's at least as deep, if not deeper, than anything written by Poe or Shakespeare. This book should undoubtedly be a requirement for anyone in the entire world living under any form of government. The story takes place in 1984, but it could be set in 2084 and not much would change. There is absolutely nothing I've ever read which even comes close to projecting the kind of heavy, depressing, absolute fear which utterly consumes the reader and stays with them forever. Of course I would recommend this book, but I must warn that it can't be treated lightly. It will send you to the edge of paranoia, and throw you into a smothering kind of depression. This is not a book you will soon forget, and it's not a book you can read without questioning everything you think and believe. You'll never hear the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you"" again, without chills going down you're spine, and fear filling every corner of your being.  You must also read LORD OF THE FLIES for another chilling portrait of society gone wrong."
"First of all, a clarification is in order. George Orwell did not write this fortelling evil Republics or corrupt Democrats, as both parties would wish us to believe. It does not ""apply"" to today in the sense that events translate directly from the story to modern events. People too often make this mistake, and have turned this book from a chilling future into propoganda and lies. The messages, the themes, the lies-all of them can and do apply to our modern world. But Orwell wasn't saying ""President Bush"" or ""John Kerry"", or any other leader. He was saying ""us""-this is where WE, the race of mankind, is headed. Read with that in mind.1984 is a misleading title, because it limits the book to that date. Rather, extend it to the future, as 1984 was when this was originally published. 1984 is a vision of a future where the government, Big Brother, rules everything. Literally. Individuals have no life save to aid Big Brother, truth is only what Big Brother says, regardless of history or facts. There is no past that cannot be changed, no event that cannot be made to disappear. This is not an uplifting book. This is not a book which will leave you thinking ""We will rise above this"", but instead, ""We MUST rise above this"", and that, I believe, was the author's intention. 1984 does not tell of one man's rise above his surroundings, but his falling into them. Too many people distort this for petty politics, and in doing so, fall into the pattern that 1984 warns us against. We twist words, create meanings, dice the novel into a form to fit our needs, but if you read 1984, that is not what this story is about. 1984 may well prove to be the strongest warning of a future that this world could so easily fall into, and its message must not be forgotten or lost. I beg you to ignore the popular trend of taking this book to support a political cause. It supports none but the cause of freedom and truth through telling of slavery and lies. The future that Orwell saw is nearer than we think, and it is only by understanding this story that it will diminish in threat. Read this book openly, without trying to pin parts of it to the modern world or to support your political party, but trying to apply the broad scope of this novel to our future. A powerful warning for all people to read and understand."
"Even if you've read this book in the past, it's time to re-read it. More relevance now than ever. One of 'the' great books."
"1984 is about one man, Winston Smith, in a society that is really a physical and mental prison. When Winston believes he's found his own private space, however, he begins to do things - he begins to enjoy his freedom, extremely restricted though it is. Is there a happy ending? Does Winston continue to enjoy the fruits of his own privacy? Does he help topple the one party dictatorship? Read it and find out!I was very impressed with this book. I was impressed for two reasons: firstly it's beautifully written, despite its complexity; secondly, it has a sort of timeless relevance to our lives.The way Orwell expresses and captures sound, movement, thought and detail is really amazing: you read it and it's all vividly recreated in your mind - it can be scary. I think this may be because we are dealing with the darker side of human nature - POWER, its use and particularly its misuse.Secondly, and as many have commented on, this book has an important message. I don't want to give too much away to would be readers. For me, 1984 essentially raises questions about governance, privacy, control and power. These are issues we all, as citizens of our respective countries, should be greatly concerned about. Certainly, the society (if it can be called that) depicted in 1984 is one largely removed from modern democratic societies - it has greater direct resemblance with totalitarian regimes such as North Korea, or Stalin's time. But every time our governments enact new laws to increase there powers and reduce ours we need to think carefully and be cynical. In the age of the ""war on terror"" this book has great currency. I'll let you make the connections."
"1984 is a frightening novel by George Orwell,  His novel (based upon tolitarian governments of the Soviet Union and Spain) tells the story of a citizen living in Oceania.  The government is fighting a never ending war against Eurasia (a.k.a. East Asia).  The society is repressed and very poor.  They are constantly making war machines and mutitions for the ever growing army.  One citizen (Winston) slowly learns about the shame his life is and tries to break free from the government's control (Big Brother).  Winston's job is a that of a writer.  He gets to make the news and other human interest stories.  Life is mundane and dry for Winston until he meets the woman of his dreams.  Can Winston survive the brutal regime of Big Brother?  Is their really a war?  Is this novel worth buying?  Check out 1984.Sadly this novel is becoming true,  Many parellels can be found, Oceania's public enemy number one is a figure named Goldstein (Osama Bin Laden).  No one knows if he's alive or even real.  The war against Eurasia a.k.a East Asia (Terrorism). Is this war even necessary or worth it?  The ever increasing threat of an unseen enemy.  Revision and dumbing down of historical events. Enemies of Oceania (United States) shipping enemies of the state to the ministry of love (Gitmo).  Children being taught to snitch on their own parents (war on drugs) people ratting out others for not loving or speaking out against Big Brother and ""thought police"" (the Patriot Act).Remember, Big Brother is watching you!"
"This review is for the unabridged audio book version read by Frank Muller. Just the fact that Muller is reading this book makes it worth listening to. But I encourage you to listen even if you read the book before. I read 1984 when I was in high school 30 years ago. I thought it was funny to read about the future predictions as we approached the end of the 1970's. I just finished listening to the audio version, and I now have a better appreciation for the true intent of the work. Orwell was not trying to predict the future. He was trying to show us the pitfalls of certain ways of thinking, of the dangers of taking the human drive for power to its logical conclusion. This is more a picture into the human soul than a prediction. In addition, listening to this work opened my eyes to the influence Orwell has had on more contemporary works, such as the movie The Matrix. Read it. You'll be glad you did."
"I had been meaning to read 1984 for a couple of years, considering its reputation and its oft-discussed relevance to our own society, and finally picked it up a few weeks ago.  While I did enjoy it, I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed by it, and at no time did I ever view Orwell's work to be as earth-shattering in its foreshadowing and cross-generational timeliness as it is universally made out to be.  Personally, the conclusion that  this book was some sort of uncanny prediction or foresight into late-20th into 21st century American society - Big Brother as the American government, telescreens as television/biased news media, Thought Police as intrusive legislation and access, etc. - I think, is quite a stretch.As far as the book itself, it takes place in a gloomy, depressing world without freedom, where people are reduced to initials and serial numbers.  I actually found the ""chapters"" of the book of the Brotherhood, with its description and reasoning of the perennial warfare, the prohibition of sex and pleasure, and the hierarchy of society to be the most interesting part of the book.  The discussions between O'Brien and Winston later on, as well as Winston's affair with Julia, also revealed much of how Orwell viewed the governments of his time and their philosophies, human nature, and human emotion in general.  From these sections alone, there is plenty of material and opposing viewpoints on the government and its role in society, people's place in society, and the role of emotion and memory that Orwell leaves for the reader to tangle with.  Orwell certainly succeeded in portraying some of the political forces of his time and twisting them into a well-written, gloomy depiction of a terrible future.However, the fact of the matter is the ideas in this book can be successfully applied not only to governments far and wide, but just about any situation where one group is in power over another.  21st century America is one of tens of thousands - maybe into the millions - of scenarios that can be twisted and bent one way or the other in an effort to fit the roles put forth in 1984 and say with conviction that we're headed toward a world like Oceania.  Basically, any situation where there is a body overseeing subjects, where this body has the means to monitor these subjects, as well as the means to control/discipline these subjects, qualifies as a situation that can be successfully compared to Oceania, 1984.  Does that mean that every entry-level employee in a large company (it meets this criteria) is a real live Winston Smith?  No.All in all, it's a dark and depressing world that Orwell writes about, but it's not nearly as frightening in a real-life way as some people want to make it out to be."
"Maybe 1984 has come and gone, but its message is just as real as it was then.  How much freedom are we willing to give up to feel safe?  How much can we afford to believe the currant government?  How much are they lying to us for thier own benifit?  When did disagreeing with the governement become unamerican?1984 is a dreery story about what happens when there is no freedom.  And I mean none.  Real love is forbidden.  Real thought is forbidden.  All the matters is the love for the Party.  And what the Party wants you to think.As the story goes on the major character does fall in love and sets out to destroy the party.  I'm not going to give away the ending but I will tell you that its not a happy one.There was really only one way the story could have ended.I just hope things in real life don't end like that.  But the older I get, the more I realize how close we are to 1984."
"In one of my post-grad classes, a fellow student chided me for not having read ""1984"" despite having been an English major once upon a time. I soon remedied the situation and devoured this chilling classic.  Big Brother and the Patriot Act share remarkable similarities (forgive me for stating the obvious). I thought Winston's requitted attraction and love for Julia very sweet--but of course, Big Brother tortures and disfigures the lovers out of their feelings.The human intellect evolves into ""quacking"" for communication.  An interesting take on how regressed we can become if we are not careful of the public policy and ideology of elected officials.  However, I really hope and believe that despite how bad things can get, we will never regress to that extent---but a brilliant and thought-provoking cautionary tale, nonetheless."
"My title says it all. I was completely immersed in this novel and enjoyed reading it. It was a fast read, and much more interesting than some of Orwell's other works such as Animal Farm.It's a rather unusual novel because it's made to be futuristic and a novel in the genre of science fiction. However, it takes place more than 20 years ago in 1984. If you can get over that fact it's a great book with jawdropping changes in plot and interesting characters."
"Creepy. Profound. Intense. 'Riveting'. And so on goes the string of 'good book review' words that one could easily associate with this novel. If you know what 1984 is, and if you know who George Orwell is, you don't need me to tell you to read this book. Because you should.But let's get over that, and dig underneath the book's paperdermis. Because yes, on the outside it appears to be the 1950s equivalent of 'the Matrix', a story laced with post-apocalyptic yet still relevant social commentary. But inside, 1984 proves to be much more valuable than that: this book perfectly captures the western political phobias and ideaologies of the World War II era.Orwell's 1984 was essentially Stalin's Soviet Union (made especially evident by the spot on physical similarities of Stalin and Big Brother, for one), but almost any totalitarian state fits the fiction. The state is ruled by the party, who control everything in life through the use of ignorance, propoganda and 'dissapearances' (purges). Sound familiar?When I first read this, I figured it was just the work of a paranoid British McCarthyist. But I was completely wrong. I came to realize that 1984 is a historical treasure worth reading, not because of the strangely convincing, yet absurd world of 1984, but because it recreates the western culture of the Cold War in an effective manner. This is not simply good fiction, but a bridge between the Cold War, and the political groups and ideas of today. A must read for all students of history."
"I first read 1984 as a teen; and it's imagery and parameters of political analysis have stayed with me, and grown ever since. It is one of the most important works of the 20th century.Orwell crafted a brilliant picture of how a totalitarian oligarchy can exist and thrive. There isn't a single element in the book that cannot be found in the history of the world of the past 50 years; in all nations, all places, all times, all peoples.We have all seen how doublethink works; and, if we were really honest, we've experienced it in our own lives and performed it - doubtless to perfection. Human beings have a genius for lying to themselves and believing every word of it.There are two flaws in the book. One is that Orwell's vison tackled only half of the danger facing us. True, in, for example, present day USA under the domination of the Bush-led Neocon Regime, we see many of the Orwellian principles in action. But I belive that Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" lent eloquent imagery to the other half of the equation. Combine a balance of the Orwellian (oligarcy established and sustained by brutality, torture, brainwashing, and oppression) and Huxlian elements (oligarcy established and sustained by diversion through drug abuse, sexual amorality, and mind-numbing entertainment) and you will have a picture of the world in which we live.The other is that he completly ignored the element of economics and how manipulation of, and indeed, application of the Orwellian and Huxlian principles upon, economics and finance are essential to the establishment of a world dictatorship. The reader is advised to examine the workings and infrastructure of, for example, the IMF, the World Bank, and the SWIFT network.And make no mistake, we do live there. Human beings are ceasing to be human. I could write for hours listing evidence of this: and so could you.Having said that, I believe this book to possess a valuable weapon against tyrrany and dehumanization for all people. The whole of humanity is richer for having such a warning in place. Perhaps someone will listen."
"Though the novel does drag when you read tracts from the conspiracy's manual, I found the novel to be rather enjoyable.  The idea of how the world would be shaped and for what reasons was interesting, and the narrator was able to lead the reader into the world and allow the reader to be engulfed into things.The end was well done, and it was a good closure to the work.  The character does not die, but he is changed.  Indeed, he awakens to thye doctrine of the state and accepts it.  Yeah, he has been tortured and brainwashed, but he does not give in under that torture, though seeds are definitely laid.If you have the time and you like depressing books about totalitarian states that try to stamp out individual thought and reason, go ahead and pick this book up. If you want something lighter though, I would try to find something else."
"Read NO PLACE TO HIDE by Robert O'HarrowCheck it out on [...]Hey, folks, Big Brother has arrived Big Time!"
"This is very prophetic and very touching. Greatly change your perspective of everything and everyone around you! Read it, you'll enjoy it to the last word. I know, i've read it 4 times and feel like reading it again!"
"This book really bedazzled me when I read it in High School.The media is controlled, the history is rewritten, and the enemies/allies are meant to look like it has always been the same (even though it changes).  Anything of a NATURAL human nature is pushed aside, especially love.  This is a cold world, that sounds almost purely sci-fi.Unfortunately, some of it is happening now, with the media being controlled by the Pentagon (yes it is really happening now, with this war and all).  All in the name of fighting the ""other side""- aka terrorists!Anyhow, I keep blabbing, its an awesome book, especially if you read it now, and then wonder what is really happening!"
"1984 is one of those books you're supposed to read in school, the kind that all the weird, geeky kids with Chuck Taylor All Stars and too much acne read while ranting about The Man. It's a well-known manifesto of those playing at anti-government, anti-establishment, brandishing about their membership cards for the Society for Creative Anarchy. This isn't for the kids that read trashy romances or pulp novels: it's not for the Collins, Grisham, Crichton, or Clancy fans out there, and it's definitely not something a Harry Potter kid is going to pick up in a few years. 1984 is depressing, it's dark, and as most devotes will tell you, it's happening right now. After all, this is the book that defines what ""Orwellian"" means-a word so specific in its meaning, even a spin doctor being interviewed on The Daily Show couldn't put it in a positive light.Considering my choices of literature, it probably comes as some surprise that this is only the second time I've read this book, and really I wouldn't have even been motivated to do so if I hadn't picked up a copy of the movie version of 1984 on DVD. I read the book back when I was a senior in high school-this and Metamorphosis were two works that the teachers at my otherwise fine high school just couldn't be assed having us read. I protested after reading both books myself between Junior and Senior year, and in the end talked the English literature teacher into allowing me to teach ""The Hunger Artist"" but it was a rather one-sided compromise, especially when you look at recent statistics. According to one report, the majority of students do not understand or value the first amendment, think that freedom of speech is too unrestricted, that the press has too much say, and that in effect, Americans are too free.It is in this environment that 1984 is more relevant than ever. Look at the National ID cards passed last week without the main media outlets blinking an eye or raising a voice. (Dan Rather, oh distrustful ally of the anti-Bush liberals and libertarians, where are you now!?) In a world where we can go from being at war with Afghanistan to Iraq in the blink of an eye (Er, I mean, we were never at war with Afghanistan. We've always been at war with Iraq. We were never not at war with Iraq. Big Brother Bush says so) and where September 11th is brandished about like a giant banner to take away every freedom known to man, the only difference between the Republicans and Ingsoc is the extent of power and religiosity. While Bush follows a god only he can hear (and really, isn't that signs of a mental disorder, having an imaginary friend that only you can hear that tells you to do things and then acting on that friend's word?) he has yet to understand that to captivate all power, he needs to be God.Of course, the United States isn't the only country with gross miscarriages of justice and invasion of privacy. In addition to China's censorship of the internet, the uniting of England with the US against the unifying European Union (read: Eurasia), there's the almost-but-not-quite-telescreen announcement system in Japan known as ""The Box"" to some residents and ""Off Box"" to others. Technology was meant to make our lives easier, but as Orwell predicted, it is only being used to impose class systems more rigid than they were fifty-years ago.On the way home from work on Wednesday, David and I were walking past Hyde town hall when we heard the bell begin to chime. He mentioned to me that the bell was given to the town by Joshua Bradley, an Industrialist and self-made man who worked his way up from a mill worker to owner. Rags to riches, the kind of JP Morgan and Andrew Carnegie American dream where hard work pays off if you pull yourself up by the bootstraps and put your axe to the grindstone-it doesn't exist in twenty-first century America. Michael Dell, Bill Gates, Richard Branson: they were born into the world they've simply modified. There was never a chance they'd be a factory worker somewhere, watching over robots as computers were assembled or working as a flight or train attendant. Donald Trump was never going to be a bartender in a casino. They were born into their class and remained there, entrenched in their wealth.In the past, this would have sent up a cry through the students and middle classes, charging the revolutionary-minded among us to action, to take our piece of the pie, to work harder. Instead, we see lawsuit after lawsuit as people who feel they deserve something for nothing become litigious instead of industrious while the rest go on with the drudgery of the world in which they live. We've become sedated by our technology, dependant on mass media and the Internet for our information. How many Americans first believed we were going to war with Iraq because of Weapons of Mass Destruction? How many people still believe that? More importantly, how many of those Americans still believe Saddam Hussain was responsible for 9/11? How many media outlets bother pointing this out?In the end, we have to look back at Orwell and realize that he knew this. He saw it all happening, saw where we were going, and gave us a picture of a world in the not-to-distant future that is depressing, bleak, and immanent. His book is more important than ever, and if you cannot believe it, take a look at the film version of the book. Admittedly, it was four years after reading the book for the first time that I happened upon the movie, so my memory of the book was foggy at best. So I picked it up and watched it with some skepticism. Surely, so much of that was changed to meet modern standards. Surely, as it is with Hollywood, the only thing it had in common with the book was the title and characters. It was for this reason I put 1984 on my list of books to read-to see how much had been changed. And to my surprise, not much is different at all, to the point that I could see scenes in my mind not because the movie colored my perception (as the film version of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest did, so that reading the book is nearly impossible) but because it was so accurate.In the end, there was no need for them to change, modernize, or update 1984 because it was spot-on. This is a book that is too important to change, and far to relevant to be relegated to dusty bookshelves in the unused school libraries of the United States, or anywhere else in the world for that matter. It is a book that needs to be read, not banned as it has been in some places. If you didn't read this in school, I urge-no, implore-you to read it now. Even if you did read it in school, a good re-read is always enjoyable and considering the way technology and government are evolving, there's no better or more pertinent time than now."
"1984 is one of those books you're supposed to read in school, the kind that all the weird, geeky kids with Chuck Taylor All Stars and too much acne read while ranting about The Man. It's a well-known manifesto of those playing at anti-government, anti-establishment, brandishing about their membership cards for the Society for Creative Anarchy. This isn't for the kids that read trashy romances or pulp novels: it's not for the Collins, Grisham, Crichton, or Clancy fans out there, and it's definitely not something a Harry Potter kid is going to pick up in a few years. 1984 is depressing, it's dark, and as most devotes will tell you, it's happening right now. After all, this is the book that defines what ""Orwellian"" means-a word so specific in its meaning, even a spin doctor being interviewed on The Daily Show couldn't put it in a positive light.Considering my choices of literature, it probably comes as some surprise that this is only the second time I've read this book, and really I wouldn't have even been motivated to do so if I hadn't picked up a copy of the movie version of 1984 on DVD. I read the book back when I was a senior in high school-this and Metamorphosis were two works that the teachers at my otherwise fine high school just couldn't be assed having us read. I protested after reading both books myself between Junior and Senior year, and in the end talked the English literature teacher into allowing me to teach ""The Hunger Artist"" but it was a rather one-sided compromise, especially when you look at recent statistics. According to one report, the majority of students do not understand or value the first amendment, think that freedom of speech is too unrestricted, that the press has too much say, and that in effect, Americans are too free.It is in this environment that 1984 is more relevant than ever. Look at the National ID cards passed last week without the main media outlets blinking an eye or raising a voice. (Dan Rather, oh distrustful ally of the anti-Bush liberals and libertarians, where are you now!?) In a world where we can go from being at war with Afghanistan to Iraq in the blink of an eye (Er, I mean, we were never at war with Afghanistan. We've always been at war with Iraq. We were never not at war with Iraq. Big Brother Bush says so) and where September 11th is brandished about like a giant banner to take away every freedom known to man, the only difference between the Republicans and Ingsoc is the extent of power and religiosity. While Bush follows a god only he can hear (and really, isn't that signs of a mental disorder, having an imaginary friend that only you can hear that tells you to do things and then acting on that friend's word?) he has yet to understand that to captivate all power, he needs to be God.Of course, the United States isn't the only country with gross miscarriages of justice and invasion of privacy. In addition to China's censorship of the internet, the uniting of England with the US against the unifying European Union (read: Eurasia), there's the almost-but-not-quite-telescreen announcement system in Japan known as ""The Box"" to some residents and ""Off Box"" to others. Technology was meant to make our lives easier, but as Orwell predicted, it is only being used to impose class systems more rigid than they were fifty-years ago.On the way home from work on Wednesday, David and I were walking past Hyde town hall when we heard the bell begin to chime. He mentioned to me that the bell was given to the town by Joshua Bradley, an Industrialist and self-made man who worked his way up from a mill worker to owner. Rags to riches, the kind of JP Morgan and Andrew Carnegie American dream where hard work pays off if you pull yourself up by the bootstraps and put your axe to the grindstone-it doesn't exist in twenty-first century America. Michael Dell, Bill Gates, Richard Branson: they were born into the world they've simply modified. There was never a chance they'd be a factory worker somewhere, watching over robots as computers were assembled or working as a flight or train attendant. Donald Trump was never going to be a bartender in a casino. They were born into their class and remained there, entrenched in their wealth.In the past, this would have sent up a cry through the students and middle classes, charging the revolutionary-minded among us to action, to take our piece of the pie, to work harder. Instead, we see lawsuit after lawsuit as people who feel they deserve something for nothing become litigious instead of industrious while the rest go on with the drudgery of the world in which they live. We've become sedated by our technology, dependant on mass media and the Internet for our information. How many Americans first believed we were going to war with Iraq because of Weapons of Mass Destruction? How many people still believe that? More importantly, how many of those Americans still believe Saddam Hussain was responsible for 9/11? How many media outlets bother pointing this out?In the end, we have to look back at Orwell and realize that he knew this. He saw it all happening, saw where we were going, and gave us a picture of a world in the not-to-distant future that is depressing, bleak, and immanent. His book is more important than ever, and if you cannot believe it, take a look at the film version of the book. Admittedly, it was four years after reading the book for the first time that I happened upon the movie, so my memory of the book was foggy at best. So I picked it up and watched it with some skepticism. Surely, so much of that was changed to meet modern standards. Surely, as it is with Hollywood, the only thing it had in common with the book was the title and characters. It was for this reason I put 1984 on my list of books to read-to see how much had been changed. And to my surprise, not much is different at all, to the point that I could see scenes in my mind not because the movie colored my perception (as the film version of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest did, so that reading the book is nearly impossible) but because it was so accurate.In the end, there was no need for them to change, modernize, or update 1984 because it was spot-on. This is a book that is too important to change, and far to relevant to be relegated to dusty bookshelves in the unused school libraries of the United States, or anywhere else in the world for that matter. It is a book that needs to be read, not banned as it has been in some places. If you didn't read this in school, I urge-no, implore-you to read it now. Even if you did read it in school, a good re-read is always enjoyable and considering the way technology and government are evolving, there's no better or more pertinent time than now."
"Orwell crafts one of the most absolutle horrors of a future world in this celebrated novel.Written in the late 40's, Orwell crafts the tale of a bureaucrat in the future whose job along with countless other mindless peons, is (in essence) to erase history.Bombarded by slogans that hammer the totalitarian nature of the state, he finds some comfort in a woman who shares his ambition to break free from the controls of ""Big Brother"".Parables abound in this book, to a world and people seemingly oblivious to what is going on around them.  Orwell has managed to create one of the most frigthening environments put to paper and weave a future world bleaker, but more importantly, theoreticaly possible in any day or age.  So ingenious in usage of slogans, and terms made up by the author, that they are culturaly refered to still in this day and age.An astounding piece of fiction."
"1984 offers a brilliant foreshadowing of the world we are coming to. The inhabitants of Airstrip One, or London, are constantly under the watchful eye of Big Brother, the semi-divine and metaphorical leader of the party. All citizens of Oceania, one of three superpowers in the world (the other two being Eastasia and Eurasia) worship Big Brother. The slogans of the party are War is peace, Freedom is slavery, and Ignorance is strength. You can see all of these things in today's America. George Bush told the nation that he was entering into a very long term war that would lead to peace in the middle east. Sound familiar? Meanwhile, the government, in order to ultimately protect our rights, has passed bills such as the Patriot Act, which allows the government to tap into our phone conversations and even enter and search our homes without a warrant. This clearly and directly infringes on our fourth amendment rights, which states ""The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause..."" And in today's society, there is certain knowledge that the general public is better off not knowing about. Who knows what the government is really up to? But if the general public knew all of the coverups the government has committed over the decades, the nation would panic and riot. The three slogans of the party, as predicted by George Orwell are very true today.  The citizens of Oceania all believe in the party and in its slogans. They all wear blue overalls and conform to the party's principles. Much of the book is a shot at communism. This is evident in the fact that there are no laws in Oceania, yet you can be put to death for exercising free speech. Here Orwell was attempting to point out the hypocrisy of communism, the whole idea of ""do your own thing, but only within what your comrades limit you to,"" and I think he succeeded.  In Airstrip One, there are four ministries which are the headquarters of the party. They are the Ministry of Love, the Ministry of Truth, the Ministry of Peace, and the Ministry of Plenty. One of the main principles of the party, Doublethink, is in full effect here. Doublethink is the practice in which someone simultaneaously believes two contradictory things for the benefit of the party. It is a common practice for any party loyalist. This applies to the ministries because they each concern themselves with just the opposite of their names. Love with torture,truth with lying,peace with war, and plenty with poverty. A loyalist must be able to practice doublethink because often times the party will state two contradictory things both as truth, and you must believe everything the party says. Doublethink is a fundamental practice of a partymember.  But there is one man in the book who does not conform to this way of life. His name is Winston Smith. All through his life,he knew something was wrong with the way the world was. He would try to think back to when the world wasn't like this but he could never remember it. He knew that the party was not infallible as was the common belief. He stood and cheered at the news of a victory by the Oceanian army, but his heart was never in it. He thought he was alone.  Then he met a young woman. He hated her because of her party pride. She proudly wore her Junior-Anti sex league sash and imploded at the sight of Emmanuel Goldstein, the leader of an association of anti-party advocates. But after a while he finds that she's not what she seems...  Ok. If you're still reading this, which you're probably not, I'm not going to give away any more. But I strongly suggest that everyone read this book. It not only got me way into politics and the Libertarian cause for individual freedom, but it changed my life. Peace and go to [...]"
"Many of us use Orwell's book for our own purposes, to forward our own ideas and political positions. Even though Orwell was speaking quite specifically about a particular socialist experiment, communism, and a particularly horrible totalitarian gulag-state - Stalin's Soviet Union - his book has such a universal scope that it can be squeezed and pushed and pulled about until it can be made to fit almost any political system anywhere. In this way great works are often de-constructed to make them useful to whomever wants to make a point.A lot of us here are likening the world of Orwell's ""1984"" to current life in the U.S. While there are definitely elements of this overreaching intrusion into our private lives today in the United States, be aware of how much farther down that road so many other countries have already gone (and down which we are very unlikely to go). Start with the Islamic nations where the Mullahs exort the masses to their Two Minutes Of Hate towards us every Friday in the mosques. In Britain, under a Labour Government, right now, there are not only surveillance cameras - called CCTV cameras - on virtually every corner in the cities, they are now beginning to install microphones as well ([...]) starting in the council flats. They directly say it is to monitor ""anti-social"" behavior. This is the insidious beginnings of ""1984."" Well past what we are enduring and in the very country from which Orwell sprang and from which our own ideas of civil liberties originated.In all the world's dictatorships, from Cuba to North Korea to virtually all the Arab states, there is one version or another of the Thought Police. They may be religious police as they are in Iran and Saudi Arabia. They may be undercover military police as they are in North Korea. They may just be your neighbors, as they were in Mao's China (and for all we know, still are to some extent, at least). But in all these places the horror of Orwell's vision is much more advanced than in the U.S. People actually are killed. In Iraq there are still 275,000 ""disappeards,"" people who simply ceased to exist under the brutal totalitarian regime of Saddam Hussein, himself a great admirer of Stalin. (I didn't make that number up, btw, Amnesty International did) If you want more proof, just ask a Palestinian homosexual about what constitutes ""anti-social behavior"" in the Territories. Actually, if you want to ask a Palestinian homosexual that question you will have to go to Tel Aviv because that is where they all live. Palestinian gays are either dead, in prison, or in Israel.We might be well advised to also be aware that in many other places in the world the true reality of 1984's dystopic vision has been in place for decades, and citizens continue to suffer real torture, imprisonment, and death for things which Americans take for granted as being protected under our Constitution. Yes, there are some egregious violations that are going on here under the guise of the Patriot Act, but they are constantly under fire from our own legal system and from private NGOs and civil liberties watchdogs. Imagine having these kinds of groups in, say, Burma: It's instant imprisonment - just ask Aung San Suu Kyi. What is going on here is nothing when compared to the terrors vistited daily upon millions of people around the world who would only love the chance to come to this country. I don't suspect any of them would think they had strayed into Room 101. ekw"
"Besides being one of the first non-modern novels I've read, it also remains one of my favorites for three reasons:1. the symbolism and themes revealed in this book are amazing2. the sytle and tone of the novel are easy enough for most non-literary critics to understand, but it will still capture the attention of the most advanced reader3. its plot and message have encouraged me to read more classical novels"
"While many of the concepts in George Orwell's 1984 are complex to the point of being implausible, I believe there to be a sense of pragmatism in the text.  It's as if Orwell is simply notating an absurd universe that he knows to be true, as if he were Nostradamus predicting the future.  I definitely believe that there is a large degree of truth to the novel, just that our society today is much better than 1984's at masking the control factor.  Amazon reviewer Daniel Hintzsche wrote, ""George Orwell created a...chillingly credible dystopia. In our deeply anxious world, the seeds of unthinking conformity are everywhere in evidence; and Big Brother is always looking for his chance.""  I absolutely agree with Hintzsche on this.  I believe that there are many similarities between our seemingly perfect society and the totalitarian dystopia created in 1984. In another review, James P. Brett compares the book directly to today's government.  He compares the ""Two Minutes Hate"" to the American reaction to Osama bin Laden.  This comparison is eerily undeniable.  In both instances, a political leader is revered almost to the point of idolatry, and an opposition to that leader is hated with a passion.  It is far more obvious in 1984, but the similarity is indubitable. 1984 does not, however, simply apply to today's society.  The universal themes of the novel aren't restricted to the current decade.  As reviewer Guy Tedesco states, ""No matter what stage of life I am at the book reflects the times we live in.  Politicians never change and always practice the art of deception.""  If you were to have read this book when it was written, you would have compared it to communism, and Nazis.  If you were to read this book in the seventies, you could have constructed detailed conspiracy theories.  Or, you could even read it now, and compare it to the Bush administration, and the War on Terror.  This novel is always relevant to the times, and will never cease to be. In conclusion, I think this book is very pertinent to our society, and should be read by everyone.  It is a chilling dystopia that might just inspire us to go out and change the world for the better.  Maybe...just maybe."
"George Orwell's 1984 is a crowning achievement of the negative utopia novel, bringing forth oppressment  and totalitarianism in a strict society in which all men are slaves to the Party.  Orwell's use of symbolism and foreshadowing are fantastic, bringing forth all the elements of lost humanity which he wishes to bring about in the novel. The symbols in 1984 are striking and disturbing, but completely impressive.  The entire idea of Newspeak is well used.  It is a symbol of the deteriorating of humanity through simplification and the use of force by Big Brother.  Also prevalent is the vanishing of people.  People vanish not because of a clear violation of laws, but because they are turned in by others for a violation.  Often there is no trial and no chance for a people to save themselves from being killed.  This shows the complete deterioration of all human freedom as we know it.  People are killed for mere suspicion with no definitive proof of wrongdoing, all so that society can go on smoothly. The foreshadowing throughout the novel is also very effective.  Orwell uses Winston's dreams to show events that come to pass soon thereafter.  His dream in which he hears the voice tell him ""We will meet in the place where there is no darkness"" ironically foreshadows Winston's being in a prison cell full of light, rather than a triumph over the darkness of the times as Winston first sees it.  Also well used is ""2+2=4"" foreshadowing his change after the conditioning that ""two and two make five.""  All of this foreshadowing really works to create a sense of destination for Winston. Th novel's use of foreshadowing and symbolism coincide to create a sense of terror and impending doom.  They work perfectly and the end result is one of the greatest warnings from literature ever."
"I would never have come to the conclusion that Nineteen Eighty-Four was going to be as it was - frightening, thought provoking and ultimately distressing. To think that a work of fiction from the 1940s could so accurately discribe elements of life today is amazing, and almost unheard of.This book speaks about a guy by the name of Winston Smith. He seems like a pretty cool guy in the story in the story. He started out with thoughtcrime. He graduates through a series of misdemeanors and even plans to overthrow the government that took him in as an orphan.It is a book that makes you aware because your every move is watched and where the media is controlled.  This book has it's own language, a twisted corruption of English, which can in part be seen today. It is easy to imagine that a camera is on you all the time, that people can look inside your head. This book makes you wonder about things like that. Like what if somebody can come into my mind and read my thoughts and what if somebody is watching me all the time and I never sat down to think about this. To me the book was very good I think if you just give it time and really get into the book you would really enjoy yourself. It is kind of scary, but hey so is life."
"""WAR IS PEACE. FREEDOM IS SLAVERY. IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH."" So goes the slogan of the Party, the oppressive totalitarian regime depicted in George Orwell's nightmarish and depressing vision of the future circa 1984. Enter Winston Smith, our tortured protagonist, who spends his days rewriting the past to coincide with the present and his nights scrawling rebellious thoughts into an illegally kept diary. The increasingly desperate Smith longs to escape a world in which all thoughts are controlled (courtesy of ""Big Brother"", the ever-watching leader of Oceania who may or may not exist) and concepts such as individuality, passion, and love are unheard of. Winston finds his solace in Julia, an eccentric and free-thinking woman who shares his angst. They soon become revolutionaries by having a love affair and taking walks in the countryside. Together, the two join a resistance force known only as The Brotherhood, dedicating their lives to the destruction of the Party. However, Winston and Julia soon discover that the eyes of Big Brother are not so easily blinded. Reading 1984, I was literally chilled by how accurately the novel parallels both our current times and the probable future. Not once did I doubt the credibility of Orwell's predictions; the police state he creates is utterly believable from introduction to conclusion. The author unflinchingly illustrates true evil and cruelty, and the entire book emanates a sense of helplessness and despair. Eric Arthur Blair (""George Orwell"" was, in fact, merely a pseudonym) saw a world in which all traces of humanity have been stripped away, and the majority of the population is composed of automatons devoid of the will to think. It is this world that we will be seeing decades from now unless vigilance is kept. With freedom comes responsibility, and we cannot sit idly by as our rights are taken away from us. In fact, we may already be seeing this type of society in many facets of our culture, albeit on a much subtler level than in this work. Orwell's masterpiece has often - and logically so - been used as a political tool by the left wing. Numerous are the uncomfortable similarities to the world we are now living in. ""WAR IS PEACE,"" etc. can easily be made to spell out the Bush Administration's philosophy. The telescreens installed in every civilian's home - used for surveillance and propagandizing - prompt the reader to reflect upon our own major news sources, all owned by large corporations with agendas of their own and vast ability to ""alter"" the truth. The Party's license to spy on anyone and everyone with no justification is terrifyingly reminiscent of the Homeland Security Act passed by Congress in 2003. It all gives you a fresh appreciation of your ability to analyze what you're told and discern lies from fact. I would recommend this novel to anyone who treasures freedom and needs a reminder of what we could become if our guard is let down. Orwell was a political prophet, a seer, and the consequences of ignoring his warnings could be very dire indeed. To any Republicans reading this review (hopefully the previous paragraph didn't alienate you), please don't regard this as a ""liberal"" novel. 1984 is much more than an anti-Bush cliché. The book's themes are universal, and all proponents of liberty and justice can appreciate it."
"Here is the book that first got me thinking about politics and philosophy.This is Orwell's dystopia of how he feared the world would become run by a group of cahooting despots by 1984.The main character, Winston Smith, lives in London in a dictatoeship run by ""big brother"". In this state there is no love but love for big brother. There is no excitment but patriotism. Chocolate is rationed and orgasms are banned. In this world smith somehow manages to fall in love.. and that's just the start of his problems.1984 warns us to be wary of those who might take our freedom whilst trying to convince us we are actually gaining extra liberty. Buy it."
i have read this book over and over. it never bores meno matter what stage of life i am at the book reflects the times we live inpoliticians never change and always practice the art of deception.people seem to become more and more like sheep blindly following authority.if you have the above sentiments you will enjoy this book immensely
"Winston Smith is a middle aged man livin in the superstate of Oceania.  There are three superstates, Oceania, Eastasia, and Eurasia.  They all have almost the same type of economy.  Also their always at war witheach other.  The year is 1984 and Big brother and the thought police are always watching you through their telescreens which are located in almost every corner.  You can't even think something against the party or else you'll commit a thoughtcrime.  There are three types of people in the scoiety, proles, lowest, outer party, middle, and inner party highest.  The superstate of Oceania is run by four sections, Ministry of truth, Ministry of peace, Ministry of plenty, and Ministry of love.  Winston smith is part of the outer party.  He has a harsh feeling of hatred towards big brother.  He starts to write a journal, which is a thought crime and SHOWS HIS HARSH HATRED FOR bIG bROTHER.  He hears of a underground organization which tries to bring down this system od unjust.  Men and women are not allowed to marry unless the show no affection for each other.  Winston was once married.  Winston starts to think a man he sees at work is against big brother.  Winston starts being followed by a young girl.  He soon found out from a note that she loves him.  They start meeting each other every couple of weeks.  Winston rents a room from a man named Mr. Charrington that was suppose to have no telescreen in  it and was supposedly completely private.  The girl Julia and winston start meeting there frequently.  Soon O'brien approaches Winston and gives him his address.  Winston and Julia go to his house together and tell him they want to be part of the brotherhood with Goldstein, the leader of this group against big brother.  They join it but learn that they'll never meet Goldstein and will die for the cause and do anything except split apart.  O'brien tells Julia and winston says they must read a BOOK on the brotherhood by Goldstein.  When Julia and Winston meet again in the room from Mr. Charrington to read the book they are caught by a telescreen which was hidden behind a picture and they find out Mr. Charrington was not who they thought he was.  The thought police surround them.  Winston and Julia are taken away and kept in cells.  Will they be sent to room 101, executed, or will someone arrive that Winston knows?  To find out read this book.  I felt this book was awesome and scary.  I'd reccomend it to everyone.  I couldn't imagine being in a world where history kept being changed and people could be arrested for thinking things.  Hopefully our world never turns out to be like this."
"For a fascinating read, pick your favorite (yeah, right) business theory book about corporate culture and read it side-by-side with Orwell's masterpiece. The shifting truths, shameless propaganda and mindless work that drones like Winston Smith are subjected to illustrate the dark underside of corporate America that have resulted in the scandals of the early 21st centruy, including the likes of Enron, Tyco and others.Hell, if they served gin at work, the similarities would be complete for many workers.While Orwell is a pessimist, and sees nothing but a bottomless abyss, the careful reader can see glimmers of hope in the tired institutions of freedom of speech, and the press.Orwell's 1984 is as fascinating to read in the 21st century as it was when I read it for the first time in 1984."
"As a 14-year old high-school freshman, I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It paints a beautifully tragic picture of what we could be doing to ourselves and to the world.  HOWEVER, I am extremely angry at the man who compared 1984 to the Bush Administration.  There are two problems with this argument.  First of all, I am sorry to inform you that Democrats are closer to Socialists than Republicans are!  Secondly, Democrats are chock full of these conspiracy theories.  Leave Orwell and the Bush Administration Seperate!P.S. Try Ann Coulter and Ayn Rand as follow-up reads.  Being a Democrat is a phase, you'll get over it."
"In the past I've been reluctant to read 1984 because I thought it was ""good for me,"" like medicine.  And the novel seems to have become very dear to one side of the political spectrum lately, the left, which enhanced my suspicion that 1984 was going to be a dreary exposition of an oppressed society not worth living in.  I'd also seen the British movie released in the year 1984, which was good, but dreary, as I remembered it.  But I sensed that there was something wrong with Michael Moore's quote of Orwell in Fahrenheit 911, which might mean that there was something wrong with our current embrace of Orwell, and that gave me the final push to read the book.  To my everlasting gratitude, I found that 1984 is one of the most human novels I have ever read.  It has a moving love story (which I had not remembered at all from the movie), and it has more than enough challenges to all forms of politics, left and right.  The book is especially challenging if you do not read it merely as a political commentary but also as an examination of the human soul, particularly your own.  It is the kind of book that delves so unflinchingly with cruelty and evil that it's hard to put down but also difficult to endure.  It will leave you shattered; a truly great work.The context of the novel was helpful to me when I did examine its politics.  I won't give away the plot, but I will talk about the society Orwell lays out in the beginning of the book.Orwell wrote at a time when it seemed that communism was on the march everywhere.  Eastern Europe, North Korea and China, the world's most populous nation, had all recently fallen.  The year after the publication of 1984, communist nations invaded both Tibet and South Korea, though the latter was not conquered; communism would not spread by full-scale invasion again until South Vietnam fell in 1975, but in the meantime, socialist and Marxist revolution would continue to threaten everywhere.  Orwell saw the incipient Cold War of his time, with good reason, as the kind of perpetual warfare that is described in 1984.  He felt that the democracies of the recently finished World War had not left behind their wartime command economies, and this was true in many ways; he probably believed that they would remain that way if they seriously meant to embark on an arms race or war with the communist world.  The U.S. had moved toward socialism with the New Deal, and after the war with Hitler it had become a kind of New Deal big brother to a ravaged world; and Orwell wrote 1984 while living under a Labour government; so if we try to judge his thoughts from his novel, he probably felt that an ongoing state of war would lead the countries of the West into the kind of dictatorship seen in Russia, one that was socialist in name, but that really betrayed the ideals of socialism.  (Orwell considered himself a socialist but was critical of communism).  In that way, he saw England, the U.S. and Australia forming a society, Oceania, little different from Russia's or China's.  The novel reports that atomic warfare occurred in the 1950s, and such a thing in real life might very well have produced suffering, privation, revolution and dictatorship throughout the world.So when the novel opens in the year 1984, the West has essentially gone down the road of warfare, which has destroyed all the free elements of its societies, such as private life and free markets.  Orwell was essentially criticizing the left for going down the road of communism and not genuine socialism, as he saw it.Yet it's easy to find places where the novel challenges the right of today.  For instance, Orwell's description of doublethink seems to explain how Saddam Hussein's government, openly built upon Stalin's model, knew that the American army was approaching Baghdad in March 2003, while describing the situation, in press conferences, as the exact opposite; yet George Bush has had a similar tendency to speak about the situation in Iraq as if things are going just fine, when clearly they are not.Orwell says that in the world of tomorrow, the war is meant to be perpetual, and this does seem to indict both the Cold War and the war on terror.  Michael Moore quotes 1984 on the concept of perpetual war, but the quote comes from the movie of 1984, not the novel.  The novel itself says that ""the object of the [perpetual] war is not to make or prevent conquests of territory.""  Fahrenheit 911, and the movie of 1984, both avoid this phrase, since American interventions in Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan and Iraq do look like conquests of territory.Orwell writes in 1984 that the societies of the future do not ever try to conquer distant lands, and restrict themselves to lands on their borders, because contact with the enemy by millions of their own soldiers would run the risk of genuine, human contact with people described in wartime propaganda as brutes and animals -- and all this would reveal the lies of the Party.  Orwell was right about totalitarian societies; all have invaded nations on their own borders.  They have killed tens of millions at home or close to home.  The U.S. and Britain, by contrast, have exported both armies and peaceful civilians, and their press, to far-flung societies, often literally on the other side of the world.There is much here that the left could embrace, but much that challenges the left as well.  1984 does not seem either to challenge or support the right of today in the same degree; it seems to me largely a book about the left, by a man of the left.As a critique of Western democracies, 1984 is very powerful, but I have read that Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is even better."
"George Orwell, whose real name is Eric Blair, was born in India in 1903. He served in Burma with the India Imperial Police and spent the end of the 1920s living in Paris. He later fought for the Republicans against Franco in the Spanish Civil War. He became well-known with the publication of ""Animal Farm"", a satire on Soviet Russia. He died in January 1950, shortly after the publication of ""1984"".""1984"" is set in London, the chief city of Airstrip One and the third most populous of Oceania's states. Oceania is one of the world's three great powers - the others being Eurasia and Eastasia - and is constantly at war with at least on of its neighbors. Although the roles of enemy and ally change regularly, the change is never officially acknowledged : if Oceania is at war with Eastasia, then it has always been at war with Eastasia. The Party rules Oceania through four ministries. These include the Ministry of Peace (which deals with the war effort), the Ministry of Plenty (responsible for economic affairs and shortages) and the Ministry of Truth (responsible for all forms of propaganda - including news, education and entertainment). However, the Ministry of Love - which deals with law and order - is the really scary one. Heavily fortified and guarded, it is home to the dreaded Thought Police and is impossible to enter except on official business. Oceania's official language is Newspeak, an updated version of English with a vastly reduced vocabulary. Without the words to express an 'undesirable' thought, 'thoughtcrime' will become literally impossible. It is expected to have totally replaced Oldspeak, or standard English, by 2050.The Party is led by Big Brother, and all good things come as a direct result of his leadership. His image stares down from every wall, and he is widely viewed as a savior and protector. His nemesis is Emmanuel Goldstein, who was once a leading member of the Party before betraying the cause. He is now the 'Enemy of the People', and commander of the Brotherhood : a mysterious army dedicated to he overthrow of the Party and State.The book's hero is Winston Smith - he is reasonably sure he is thirty-nine, and that the year is 1984 (though that is not entirely certain). A member of the Party, he works in the Records Department at the Ministry of Truth and lives at Victory Mansions. Although his position brings certain perks - certainly in comparison to the proles - life is bleak. Many items - including food, razor blades and boots - are in short supply, and his home - despite its name - is an old, rundown block of flats. In every room throughout Airstrip One, telescreens are installed. Although similar to televisions, they can only be dimmed but never switched off. They not only receive programmes, but also transmit to the Ministry of Truth - meaning the Thought Police can monitor whoever they like whenever they like. Winston is officially married, although he has been separated for nearly eleven years. Marriages between Party members have to be approved by a committee, though any attraction is apparently frowned upon. Sex is an act widely viewed with disgust, while sexual immorality is known as 'sexcrime'. Winston's life changes when he starts keeping a diary. This is not technically illegal, though - when caught - he knows it could be punishable by death.Generally, I don't like making blanket recommendations, but ""1984"" is one of the few exceptions. While it is a grim book, everybody should read at some point. Some see it, like ""Animal Farm"", as a satire on the USSR - Big Brother does seem to look like Stalin, there are constant references to 'Three Year Plans' and people call each other 'Comrade'. However, it applies to any form of totalitarian government - or indeed, any government that has too much control over an individuals life."
"Does freedom bring happiness?  Or does happiness come from control?  These are the central themes of the great novel 1984, by George Orwell. In this novel, the reader follows Winston, through the futuristic world controlled by a group of people known as The Party.  Winston works as a writer for the Ministry of Truth, where his job is to alter historical documents in favor of the Party, a common task that no one thinks poorly of.  However, Winston feels that he's being lied to.  The reader follows him as he strikes out to find out what freedom and happiness really is, and whether the Party is just. Orwell provides us with a shocking look at what the future may become.  Even today, the United States government is taking steps towards becoming a ""Big Brother.""  With laws such as the Patriot Act, and No Child Left Behind, the government is slowly taking control of our freedoms.  Perhaps, this novel's greatness is that it strikes close to home.  Via remarkable characters that one can easily relate to, Orwell provides the reader a clear view of this futuristic world, both its marvels and flaws and provides a sense of realism into the piece.  The reader wants to know why this form of living has come about and whether or not it is the right thing.  Can people be happy free on their own?  Must people be told how to live to attain this freedom?  One must read to find out.  Perhaps there is reason after all behind one of the Party's slogans:  Freedom is Slavery."
"If you have read Fahrenheit 451, then you would see the similarities between the two for the fact that they do this: THEY MAKE A POINT TO WHAT THEY'RE TRYING TO SAY. And that's why 1984 is an excellent book. It's haunting, and the totalitarian world conveyed in this novel is truly convincing from beginning to end. This is not the greatest novel you will ever read, as some people have said to me, but it's truly one of the most IMPORTANT books to read. I am not going to get into the plot (i quite frankly don't appreciate it when people give away too much of the plot, let alone telling it), all i can truly say about this book is that yes, it might scare you, and yes, it's a book that is seriosu, but it's real, and it gets straight to the point that the author was trying to make. Books like these are meant to be read, and meant to be important, and should be analyzed based on the subject matter (in this case TOTALITARIANISM/DYSTOPIA), not for the fact that the main character did this and that this other character did that. 1984 should be read in all classrooms. It would truly teach the youth of our nation of how far government can literally control the human psyche, and can literally, if possibly, manipulate and desiminate the human mind and the mind's conception of being a human being."
"The book 1984 is quite simply one of the best books that I have read, period. The book was written by George Orwell (real name Eric Arthur Blair) short after World War 2. Similar to myself, Orwell fought in a war as a Sergeant for the British Army. According to Orwell that purpose of the book was to ""to alter other people's idea of the kind of society they should strive after."" With that goal in mind, I believe that Orwell did a wonderful job in constructing a society that would definately alter any idea about a totalitarian society.The reader is introduced to Winston Smith who is a citizen in the imaginary super-state of Oceania (present-day Great Britian and the Americas). Under the strict totalitrian rule of Big Brother (the ""ruler"" of Oceania) Smith becomes increasingly anxious about ""being a human being."" The novel follows his journey to overthrow life (and government) as he knows it, in his quest to become a human being.In the book, Orwell does a wonderful job of introducing his character and creating the surrealistic world of 1984. One would guess that is characters came from real life experiences as a working class individual under British Imperialism in his homeland of India. Orwell's ability to develop his characters leads the reader to sympathize with (or maybe hate) those in the novel. The characters are nicely placed under the all-seeing ""Big Brother"" and the reader does feel this tension throughout the story.The theme of is straight forward, as stated eariler Orwell want to paint a picture of what he believed might become of the different political and social organizations of his day. While the way Orwell presents his thoughts might seem outlandish at first, a through reading of the book does give the reader a erie feeling of the current political situation of America. For example, Orwell discusses the need for war to maintain society:""The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of humna labor. War is a way of shattering to pieces, or pouring into the stratosphere, or sinking in the depths of the sea, materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable, and hence, in the long run, too intelligent.""While the reader may disagree, Orwell understood all to well the function of ""war"" in our society. In addition, Orwell discusses ""classism"" and other relatively socio-political aspects of government formation in this novel. Within all of the different discussion of these things, Orwell still manages to produce a wonderfully entertaining story.While we have not (in America) reached a totalitarian state, the novel does present an erie allusion to the current state of the world. Nonetheless, I believe that this book is a must read for anyone who loves books. You definately will not be disappointed! Orwell's style makes this book an easy read and a highly intellectual lesson. ENJOY!"
"Winston Smith is an average working class single male living in a futuristic metropolitan area. He lives in a place called Oceania. It is a place where government rules over all.  Winston works for the government but is a lower rank.  The cultural society that the government has built is structured and made up of various parts. The inner party is the highest, which contains their deity like ruler, big brother. Big brother supposedly has his eye on everything. The party is also anti-love and pro-abstinence.  Can an average man who works for the governing party ever break free and do his own will. You find out as the story unfolds. Winston starts rebelling by committing such a seemingly small crime as, writing in a diary. He knows that one day the thought crime police will catch him. Yes, they do have a police force that imprisons people based on what they are thinking or saying. In this city each home is equipped with a t.v. looking screen that is the tool that the party observes and watches all the citizens every move in the so called privacy of their houses. The party has one slogan that is most famous ""War is peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is strength"". The party uses all its resources to be constantly getting rid of history. For example, there is a department of the party where all they do is burn old newspapers or other paraphernalia that are written in English. They abolish words that are unnecessary to them. A new language has even been made, its called newspeak. They rewrite history according to what big brother commands. In this society they have even trained kids to turn in their parents to the police if they commit a crime. There is no hiding from the law in this tri-state.Oceania is constantly at war with one of the other tri-states. War is very prominent in this culture. The party thrives on  the way that people react to the news of being a war. It makes them easier to control. One day, Winston notices a female in the room. He daydreams about being with her. Winston starts to have feelings for her. This is also an illegal action. To love and to make love  are both against the law. He looks for her hoping that he will see her at lunch. She sits by him one day and they must talk very secretly because there is a screen in the room that monitors them and they are not allowed to talk. He finds that she likes him as well. Her name is Julia. They conspire about some way to be together and not get caught. Can they be together and not be caught by their government? Are all these wars legitimate or are they a device of the inner party?  Read the story to ease your suspense. This book fairly moderate moving in that it really never stops with nothing going on. It is definitely an intellectuals novel. It is a hair raising book. It is one of those books that you like to relate to your present world. This book is still just as much alive as it was fifty years age. Orwell's 1984 will have you so in much suspense to know what will happen with Julia and him and the party that you may not be able to put this book down. I highly recommend this novel. It is one of the greats that will get you thinking more than usual."
"Ok how many students actually enjoy reading books are assigned in English class? Usually I don't find the books that I'm required to read for school interesting, but this year there was one exception. As I read this book on my back deck I really began to take a look at society and wonder where we were headed. Nobody really knows what the future holds, but maybe the ideas from George Orwell's 1984 aren't to far from reality. The book introduces the reader to the main character, Winston Smith, and the dismal, totalitarian world in which he lives. While attempting to discover the truth Winston is constantly under the terror-filled scrutiny of the telescreens, thought police, and the omnipotent ruler, Big Brother. Winston encounters many different people, including Julia who secretly rejects society as well. Winston and Julia develop a very intimate relationship as they try to reveal the flaws and evils in the totalitarian system. Is there really a constant war going on between Eurasia and Eastasia? Why does the government claim that the economy is better than ever when Winston doesn't have decent shoes to eat or real food? And what actually happens to the people who mysteriously disappear, their named eradicated from all records in one night? All these questions kept me wrapped up in the book. I was always wondering what would happen next. I would definitely recommend this book. Orwell does an excellent. job of developing the character so you relate to and cheer on Winston and Julia and hate the rest of the totalitarian society. This novel made me realize that I would go crazy in a world that lacked individuality and privacy, and I wondered if the future would become anything like the world of 1984."
"The book 1984, is the story about a man by the name of Winston Smith. Winston lives in a place of the future, where every moment of his life is carefully watched and scrutinized. The story follows Winston, as he tries to discover the truth of the world he lives in.  What he learns is startling. The three countries of the world are constantly at war. Always switching alliances and fighting over the same territories. There is no truth in the past. Every person is taught the method of ""doublethink"". The method of doublethink is this, you are told something is true and has always been that way. Your mind accepts what it is told and rejects the memory of the truthful past.  Every second, of everyone's life is carefully watched and scrutinized for those who commit ""thought crime"". Where you are discontent or you have rebellious feelings. Once you commit thought crime, you are made to disappear.  In conclusion, I feel you should read this book, 1984.  It is a though-provoking novel of a possible future. At some times, it can even be disturbing. The story is riveting and the possibilities are entirely possible."
"1.Looking at so many things in nature one tends to find a Gaussian distribution curve. The majority of people stand in the center and a much smaller number are the outliers. There is nothing good or bad about either form of existence! It's just the way it is. The point is that the outliers usually have an intrinsic urge to be bidirectional thinkers whereas the middle is usually unidirectional for a large number of issues. However one must remember that such generalizations are okay for a bird's eye view and for crude statistics only but may not do justice to any given individual! The key question is regarding the fence sitters who really deserve to see from both the point of view of the outliers as well as conventional wisdom so that they can make up their mind as to how they wish to live their lives as also so very clearly portrayed in ""Brave New World"".2.Should politics have any thing to do with this? One would think not. As long as there are humans there will always be the right and the left and the center... and the scales of the balance will probably keep oscillating back and forth as generations go by.3.Where does the genesis of hatred lie? Could it possibly be fear or lack of understanding of another viewpoint?4.How would one define unfair justice? Well, when one fails to implicate someone on the grounds that they were tried and then searches deeper to find other issues on which one can be in a manner of speaking - be punished.5.Someone once said of someone that he or she is crazy dreaming his life away. He kept watching the wheels go round and round! If only they would understand the words of wisdom in letting it be!6.Can't all religions coexist in harmony? Wouldn't the world be a better place to live in?7.A smart psychiatrist is one who treats people who need their help - those who may be at a risk of either hurting themselves or others. A not so smart psychiatrist is one who seeks to expand the already massive and ever expanding DSM-IV!8.Why do people like to stare into other peoples lives? Isn't it a form of voyeurism? What if they stared into their own lives a little deeper. They would certainly become better persons, wouldn't they?9.Someone once said something to the effect that they sometimes don't have control over their thoughts but nevertheless remain fully responsible for their actions in terms of affecting others or even themselves in the long run. There is no other way a civilized society can exist and survive.10.There was someone who said something like he or she need not be old to be wise.11.Someone one believed that immoral actions are those that hurt others either physically or emotionally."
"It is often disputed as to what Eric Blair, under the pen name of George Orwell, was trying to communicate through his now legendary masterpeice, 1984.  Some say he was warning the world to the dangers of the Soviet Union and it's totalitarian policies.  Some say he was warning governments from allowing power to be shifted over to obscure, bureaucratic oligarchies. Ultimately, I would not enforce any of the above or any other theories an anybody.  It's a subjective matter, as is all.  But, by the time you emerge from the world Mr. Blair creates around you, you will be certain of the worst a government is capable of.  You will have cold shivers, your jaw will drop and you will sit in awe of the appauling, yet frightenly plausible, deeds the ""Party"" will go to in order to control the thoughts and memories of it's populace.From simply a literary standpoint, Blair proves himself a writer of the highest caliber.  His artful use of syntax draws a graphic image, as well as the ambiance of the book itself.  His words flow together perfectly, each one complementing the last.  The poignancy of his work does not lie in fast paced action, or ""edge-of-your-seat"" thrills, but in total immersion into his world and a glimpse of what could be.Ultimately, this book is worth all the time in the dictionary you will have to spend in order to understand this book fully.  It will change the way you look at the world and the way populations allow themselves to be governed.  A vital book for anyone in our modern world."
"This book is eerie, almost prophetic.  It will take more than one read though to understand it; since each time you read it, you will THINK you understand the point; however, trust me, you dont.  This book is by far deeper than other dystopias such as Brave New World, The Chrysallids, and even Animal Farm.  Another book i would recommend would be the Picture of Dorian Gray.  All who read this have an obligation to set themselves apart from the lost and ignorant and to change the present system we have today, a system where you can only get so rich but those at the top have unlmited access to the world's wealth.  This is a system which breeds human to live on the streets, daughters to dishonour thier fathers, and sons to beat their mothers.  This system is wrong and cannot sustain itself.  Orwel, Marx, Huxley, these are the ones who have seen the future in dreams and are afraid.  They know what may come should we remain silent; so shout, scream, let yourself be heard!  When they put their labels and chains on you; tell them; let them know that you will speak!my email is crayz_dj@hotmail.com"
"I really loved this book. I am a big fan of utopian literature, I found that this book had some deeper, darker elements that more recent novels lacked. It left the reader feeling violated and angry. Angry that today over twenty years after the looming threat of BIG BROTHER has passed we still may be heading down the wrong road. Many people say what is the point of reading a book written in the 1940's and not to mention the infamous 1984 has passed. The date is of little relevence, Orwell meant to warn his readers of a time not to soon to be discarded and not to late to be forgotten. All those individuals who say that 1984 is a waste of time either did not finish the book or are missing some basic human traits. I never am startled by books, I expect rape, murder etc. but 1984 so disturbed me that I begin to look around and see that Orwell's fiction may not be a work of fiction but in a few decades another piece of paper destroyed in the erasing of our pasts. The only reason that I gave this book 4 stars instead of 5 is because I so very much detested the end. The ending is suiting its just too damn suiting. I leave with this haunting refrain that sums up the book...""Under the Spreading chestnut tree,I sold you and you sold me.Here lie they and here lie we,Under the spreading chestnut tree."""
"This by now legendary work gave us the concepts doublespeak, thoughtcrime and Big Brother. It is the most important fictional work envisioning a totalitarian future, and warning against it. At the same time it is not a very convincing or moving fiction. Orwell had a one- dimensional quality in his creation of character, and it is very difficult to identify closely with or feel deeply about his characters in this work.Yet now that '1984' has come and gone without the disaster Orwell predicted it still holds our attention as one possible nightmare human future. As importantly it makes its own forceful statement against the kind of controlled, closed- minded world the Soviets, the Nazis, and now the Islamic Radical Fundamentalists would have us be imprisoned in."
"I hate to say it, but anyone who would try to give this book a bad review because ""no books are better than others"" or because ""Orwell's sole purpose for writing this novel was to encourage anarchy, and to convince his readers to be subordinate to authority"" (does he mean to insubordinate?) is either two years old or ought to be.  You have to be remarkably stupid to shake off this book for any such reasons.  This is a great piece of literature and philosophy, and everything that everyone said about it's pertaining to today is absolutely true.  If you are debating in the slightest reading this book, trust me, it's worth it.  Just fantastic.  Anyone who gave it under a four is flat out wrong.  ESSENTIAL reading."
"This is one of those classics that I never got around to reading while in high school (it was required, but I just didn't read it ;)... At the request of a colleague I picked this book up last year and was blown away by point of the book.  In the chaotic and unclear times we live in, I recommend this book to anyone and everyone who wants to understand what the point of the elite is and what the point of government is.  Everything is about control and power ... AND KEEPING IT.  We live in the novel 1984 ... and that's scary.  Should be required reading for all Americans."
"Winston lives in a world of constant survelence and secret police.  Truth is what the government says, not what actually happened.  According to the ""facts"" produced by the government, the country is getting better, but according to memory, the country is getting worse.  Society has been brainwashed by fear of its own government and also by incited anger at its enemy country.1984 yields the (very) far extreme of a society that many fear some current societies are headed.  Although fiction, it is fascinating to look at certain similar aspects to current societies (again, nowhere near as extreme as the book's society), and is a good book in terms of where we should keep our society from heading.  Truly a great read in terms of perspective.The only downside that I took from the book was that I was so bothered by what Winston endured and especially the last 50 pages of the book.  Never a regret reading it, but definitely not a ""happy book.""  I like my eyes wide open."
"Orwell's classic about Big Brother that will really keep you thinking.  I read in High School and then again recently.  Although 1984 is long past, the ideas put forth in this book shadow a darker image of what America could become that will make you think.Great classic!  Go read it."
"Orwell is gifted at making us believe this futuristic society. I can definatley see the government trying to cover up every mistake they've made as though they've never been wrong, watching us constantly, and making us afraid to even think a negative thought. I'm just glad I have the freedom to say2 + 2 = 4"
"1984 is the chilling story of a world in which the actions, thoughts, and even emotions of every person are controlled by the government. It is also the story of one man's fight to maintain his freedom in the face of totalitarianism. Through this book, George Orwell depicts, in horrifying detail, a world that is becoming increasingly similar to our own.The book follows a man named Winston Smith, a resident of Oceania, which is a huge country under the power of Ingsoc (English Socialism), commonly known as ""the Party."" In Oceania, the Party has the ability to monitor everyone at every time, so that not even one's own thoughts are private.Winston seems to be the only person alive who (secretly) hates the Party and longs for its demise. He alone believes in truth, in external reality; everyone else is content to let the Party dictate reality. And dictate it does: in order to keep its hold on Oceania's citizens secure, history has to be rewritten, the past continually altered, in order to prove the Party infallible and to erase the memory of the days before Ingsoc took over. Thus, one day Oceania is at war with Eurasia; Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia. In the next moment, Oceania is at war with Eastasia, and suddenly Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia. Whatever the Party calls truth, becomes truth. If the Party says that two and two are five, it becomes fact. What's disturbing about this is the fact that the people of Oceania not only agree with the Party when it alters reality; they believe the party. Through a process called ""doublethink,"" they are able to consciously change or erase their memories, then forget having erased them, then forget the act of forgetting.1984 exposes the danger of giving up our individuality, the ability to think for ourselves, the abandonment of the belief in truth. The only way the situation presented in the book ever could have happened is if the people of Oceania let it happen. They let themselves be controlled to the point that they no longer realized they were controlled, nor that they had at one time been free. Once they did that, they reached a point of no return. Possibly the most frightening thing about 1984 is that there appears to be no way to escape the Party, no way to overthrow it, no way to be free when ""Big Brother is watching you.""  That is the message of 1984, and that is why the book is so horrific: once people surrendered their minds, they lost them forever. There is no revolution, no awakening, no hope of revival.Through his book, Orwell warns us, the readers, that if we do not fight for the right to think, the right to ""say that two plus two make four,"" we will eventually become the people of Oceania.The world of 1984 is a horrifying, hopeless, utterly dark world, one which we must fight against at all costs. For this reason, I think everybody should read this book. It forces us to see the logical conclusion of the postmodern attitude that ""truth is relative."" That is perhaps the most dangerous belief in our world today, a point 1984 demonstrates all too clearly. If truth falls, so does our world, our ability to be free human beings. ""Two plus two make four,"" wrote Winston in the book. ""If that is granted all else follows."" The reverse is also true. If two and two could just as easily make four or three, if truth is left up to the individual to decide, if there is no solid, external foundation on which we can lay the structure of our morals, beliefs, and our society, then it is only a matter of time before we will fall into the hands of Big Brother."
"This is one of those rare books that isn't necessarily a pleasure to read but is definitely worth reading. Orwell's novel manages to affect you long after you've read it - possibly even haunt you. It's a bleak novel (some might say downright depressing) - but it's also powerful and uncompromising.Over 50 years have passed since 1984 was published (the year itself came and went over 20 years ago) yet this novel is still relevant today. 1984 is a remarkably ambitious work; unflinching and perceptive. Orwell isn't just telling a story though; he is using this novel as a soap box to warn us all of the dangers of totalitarian governments.1984 is a novel about big ideas; about the machinery of totalitarian governments and how people can be manipulated and controlled by those in power. I did find however that the characters weren't as developed as I would have liked, as if Orwell felt they were a secondary consideration. As a result, I found the novel lacked a personal quality that I think would have made it all the more compelling. Winston Smith is not an especially sympathetic character (or for that matter, all that memorable a character). What is memorable about 1984 is the world Orwell creates - a world of contradiction, oppression, and betrayal.This is not a book that will bring a smile to your face.  Its message is delivered with a heavy hand but 1984 will make you think. If it doesn't make you paranoid, it should at least make you cynical."
"This is a story that, unfortunately, seems to be slowly coming true. Many science fiction titles are escapist literature that either imagine a very different world(s) from our own, or at the very least, hold out some hopeful message - in other words, the good guys usually manage to win. This is neither kind of book. And it is science fiction because the sinister use of technology is what allows Big Brother to invade everyone's privacy and dictate what the characters can do or say, with severe, nightmarish punishment for ""disobedience."" There have other novels that have seized upon this idea of an anti-utopia, but Orwell was one of the first to place it in a realistic future, and in a chilling this-is-all-too-possible way.And the parallels with our modern world are especially profound, parallels that are obvious all around us. The growing number of surveillance cameras on street corners, the ironic (but deliberately) named Patriot Act, the rise of political and religious intolerance in the world...all of it does not bode well for the future of our basic liberties. Orwell got in right back in 1948, and although he was primarily referring to the ""red menace"" of his era, the tactics used by suppressive governments are tempting for any government because of the control such tactics provide, liberties be damned. Your agenda- whatever it is- can more easily be achieved if you can identify your enemies early on and thwart their every move. The problem is, when your enemies are law-abiding citizens whose political (or religious) views don't match your own- and that's the only ""crime""- you've stepped over the boundary of national security and entered the realm of repression. And to stop open criticism of these tactics, these governments (including the repressive one in 1984) invariable claim that the critics are ""unpatriotic,"" ""traitors,"" maybe even ""terrorists."" Sound familiar? Repressive governments have been using these tactics for centuries; only now, modern technology makes it a whole lot easier- and yes, unfortunately, a lot more tempting.Of course we don't want real terrorists. The problem is, a ""quick fix"" of sweeping powers put into the hands of a relatively few like-minded individuals- with checks and balances muted if not totally brushed aside- can, will, and has lead to abuse of those powers, primarily for political and personal gains. That was the real message of 1984, and it's one we should never forget. And if the citizens of a repressive government either don't recognize the danger- or worse yet, vigorously defend it under some mistaken notion of being ""patriotic"" themselves, surrendering their own liberties in the process- that just makes it all the easier for the incumbents to remain in power, with little chance for genuine reform or change.It's all there in this great book, 1984, which deserves to be widely read forever and amen.-Mark Wakely, author of An Audience for Einstein"
"In this negative-utopia, the world is a place of despair, brainwashing, and lies. For 39 year-old Winston Smith, he is one of the only persons to realize it.  While the world is at an everlasting war, ""Big Brother"", the leader of Oceania, is in a way, omnipotent. He controls the past, as everything he says is true. He controls you, as you are forever watched and observed. His lies are accepted as truths as there is never any proof, because all is either altered or destroyed.  Everyone knows that the present is better than the past, simply because there is nothing they can compare it to. The world is lost of individual thinkers. Winston knows that ""The Party as they are called, and Big Brother, are wrong and that they are manipulating everything, but only his memory can prove it. As Winston attempts to find ways of defeating The Party, his hopes rise and fall, with the meeting of Julia, his secret love, and O'Brien, his political rescue hopeful. His defiance against Big Brother rises to a turning climax of confusion and surprise. George Orwell creates an stunning image and almost a warning of a tainted future bound to destroy our meaning of living. The book written in 1949, was based on the World War and what frightening alternative may have happened. While the author is truly talented and creates an astonishing picture, the book seems to rush too much into details in some instances and be slightly vague in others. After reading the book one is felt that some questions are let unanswered, even though all the answers are there. Yet again, I mention the vagueness of some parts. Instead of giving an excerpt of what Winston is reading, Orwell gives almost the entire book, and while this is incredibly creative and shows immense talent, it also leaves the reader bored and tired, although, it does play a bit of an important event. Overall, it is clear to see why this book has become a classic over the years and is frequently read or referenced. It provokes the mind to wander and raises an incredible amount of questions about our society today, and the future of Oceania. It creates a vision of horror and keeps us alert of the way we are heading now."
"This novel is stunning. the oppressive world that G. Orwell created is so different and operates on its own rules and laws that it seems to be a completely different universe, connected only flimsily and yet solidly to our own world by basic human actions and desires.If you are interested in similar novels, check out ""Drosophila.""NX Sapien."
"You want to get the unabridged! It's worth it, and especially now; reading this as if you've never read it before.  It is like seeing the world as we see it."
"I'm glad I finally read this book. It was a bit of a depressing read because certain parts reminded me of our current political climate. But the concepts of doublethink, thoughtcrime, and so on are definitely food for thought. In the week or so since I finished reading it, I've found myself thinking about those concepts, in particular when I see an ad or something that says exactly the opposite of what it really is (the ""Clear Skies Act"" comes to mind right now)."
"I believe this is a book which should be read every 5 years by everyone over age 16 or so in the free world!!! It is very enlightening and frightening. By following one unlucky man's daily life in the fictional year 1984 (it was written well before that), it draws a terrifying picture of what can happen if a totally authoritarian and restrictive government expands enough to take over every single aspect of a person's life. It will haunt you over and over -- A MUST READ novel!!!! Well-written, too!"
"There is nothing that I can add to the cacaphony of praise and reverance for this book.  I won't really try, other than to say that it seems to me that the story in 1984 is so compelling and the scenary and mood are so masterfully described that I think that the reader can miss the fact that this is (a) fiction and (b) it is fiction written so well that you almost forget about the writing and enter the world itself.  As a piece of creative art, this is extremely well done.  I'll add a little to the chorus that 1984 describes a world (or at least a political unit) that could exist and has and does exist to some extent on Earth.  It's not America - otherwise we'd be arrested for participating in this forum; but it does bear clear resemblance to the Communist regimes that arouse in Orwell's day.  Of course, those regimes were too heavy to support themselves for long.  Perhaps that is the 'unbelievable' part of 1984, that a totalitarian regime has the stamina and resources to so control it's subjects that even the past can be erased and every single citizen can be monitored inside and out - and individually tortured and reprogrammed as needed.I am not an Orwell student, but it seems to me that Orwell may have had a personal struggle with grasping the concepts of reality and truth.  The thread that runs through 1984 is the control of the Party over history and thus over reality.  We see Winston Smith broken down to believe that things he saw and knew in fact never really happened, and that, if he was told so, that 2 plus 2 equals 5.  Orwell takes Smith to a nightmarish place where the only thing that you can really know for certain is the thing that is right in front of your face, and even then you may be mistaken.  Caeser and Charlemagne and the lack of hot water in your shower and the misery in your mind are not really there unless the Party says so - and how can you say otherwise?  I suspect that Orwell dwelt in a place a little like that.  What did he struggle with?  Ethics?  Economics?  God?Anyway, great story, beautiful descriptive fiction, and thought-provoking premises.  Add to that the gifts to our cultural lexicon of ""thoughtcrime"" and ""Big Brother"" and ""Newspeak"" and even the title itself (a year now more than two decades in the past), and you've got yourself a classic that must be read."
"I found the O'Brien character in 1984 to be unrealistic. The idea of someone intelligent enough to run a sophisticated surveillance state acting against economic progress and enjoying ruling over people in the most brutal and barbaric way is not realistic. Compare this to Koestler's Darkness at Noon, in my opinion a far superior novel, where the state is run by violent but stupid brutes who would not be intelligent enough to run a sort of 1984 dystopia.However, this is still a great novel in that it accurately predicted the inevitable surveillance of everyone's lives that has been a reality, and is increasingly becoming more and more prevalent, with the surface justification being anti-terrorism. Winston, an isolated individual, can do nothing against the powerful bureaucracy and his attempt to oppose the state just leads to him being crushed. The imagery is the strongest part of the novel, with, for example the ""10 minutes of hatred"" and the ""Ministry of Truth"" propagated lies. It has become a part of our language, and both sides on the political spectrum lionize Orwell to demonstrate that the other side is immoral even while engaging in Orwellian language themselves in the same breath.However, Orwell, a miserable pessimist, like so many science fiction writers could see no solutions, and so 1984 has become a symbol of a future that must be opposed. He did not think of any possible solutions but only illustrated a future in which individuals were crushed by an omnipotent bureaucracy which only enjoyed crushing people.Orwell makes the bureaucracy one-dimensional, and as Dr. Dolan from the online newspaper the Exile points out, his choice of the name ""O'Brien"" demonstrates his particular form of British racism. Authors do not pick names randomly and Orwell was implying something without actually wanting to provide any details, because 1984 is on the whole a rant, but a very good rant that conjures up powerful imagery. If Orwell had created a more realistic portrayal of the future, even a more realistic dystopia, it may not have been as powerful in its effect on the reader.Since someone inevitably will make use of surveillance technology, either through the government, or if the government's powers were severely repressed, as libertarians believe is necessary to ensure progress and freedom, then through powerful corporations who bend the law and use their profits to surveil and manipulate the populace, and evade government attempts to stop them. Inevitably the power of surveillance will lie in someone's hands; it's just a matter of who. Thus the vast majority of individuals who simply view surveillance with superstitious hostility have not really thought about the issue much, and may simply have a desire to believe their lives are being controlled in the same way that many people, from environmentalists to religious zealots, pray for the end of the world.When this surveillance state uses its powers for its own selfish reasons and for the sheer thrill of power or when its tactics are unnecessarily brutal and disruptive, it must be opposed with every means necessary. However, if it allows legitimate free debate but only acts to disrupt organizations and movements that are nihilistically destructive, and people who seek to impose a 1984 dystopia upon us, then it may be a source of good. However, it is proper that our natural reaction is to be skeptical, and blunders the CIA and FBI continuously make demonstrate that we cannot blindly accept that they are a progressive force.The fact that they allow their blunders to be revealed illustrates the unnecessary barbarity of some of their methods. The check on their power indeed comes from whistleblowers like Mike Levine, author of the bestselling expose of the CIA's involvement in the drug war (their interests were not in stopping people from using drugs) who point out their failures to discerning and curious individuals. If they go too far their will be a reaction against them and their power will be reduced, and individual agents purged.Thus it is important that those who wield the powers of surveillance realize that the most important reason why they possess these powers is to prevent less scrupulous individuals from using these powers to malign and destroy decent individuals. In 1984, the reporting of events was changed to represent the interest of Big Brother. Readers naturally and correctly find this concept scary, and the CIA and FBI have, at times, used such tactics themselves to uneccessarily destroy the lives of dissenting individuals when the tactics of debate should have been used rather than brute suppression if the whistleblower really did not have a full understanding of the larger and correct motivations behind their tactics.If, like Lenin, they see the cautious use of force as a weakness rather than a symbol of superiority, then it does not matter what political party, ideology, or interests they serve; they have gone too far and must be routed out and attacked, not just by intellectuals like Chomsky made inconsequential by his incessant and one-sided rants, but by intelligent and brave individuals, whether liberal, conservative, or apolitical. Certainly there are times when force or using coercive tactics may be necessary, but the less such tactics are used the better. Non-interference, laying back and letting events take their course until just the right moment rather than sticking their finger in every pie, is the best option.Perhaps the key element is how they deal with exceptional individuals - scientists, literary figures, charismatic but intelligent politicians. If they only attempt to manipulate these individuals for their own end, controlling their every action, they may greatly reduce the good the individual could have produced.It is right that we, non-members of the Surveillance Party, skeptically try to deduce the influence spooks have on our lives and political events. It is also natural that the spooks try to keep their actions secret; that's who they are. When they use barbaric and destructive tactics it should be pointed out at every opportunity."
"This book is one of the most unique and thought-provoking books I have ever read. This book is so unique because, at times, it can be interpreted, espeically in today's society, as both a fiction book and a non-fiction book. While the characters and happenings throughout the book are fictitious, the parts of the book Orwell dedicated to his social commentary/critiques are entirely real and relevant to you as a reader.As stated by many reviewers, the most amazing thing about this book is that it was written almost sixty years ago and has only gotten more appropriate as time has gone on. It took me longer than expected to read the book because there were times when I put the book down and thought about the accuracy and depth with which Orwell disucess society's structure and how clear he presents himself on the page... all done in 1949! A supurb novel, social commentary, and read. Do not pass this up."
"Orwell wrote one of the great classics of the 20th century. The book is centered in a dystopian society. While it is a mockery of any totalitarian system (mainly the Stalinist-era Soviet Union?), it also predicted some of the horrors of capitalist countries. Not only does Orwell write some serious political philosophy in his work (e.g. how the lower class will always reamin in the same situation regardless of the current regime), he also shows a different side of human nature that is at once dark, calculating and mistrusting. But there is some hope in the book. There are few writers who can compare to Orwell, both in his writing style as well as his insightful content. This book is a true classic in every sense of the word."
"To those 37 people who rated this book with a One star, and to those 22 people who rated this book with two stars:Im the kindest and simplist words I can muster up, I am dreadfully sorry you did not approve of the book. Truely I am sorry.Orwellian's 1984 is simply a masterpiece that, while being frequently challanged for its content and it's ungraphic, unerotic sex scene, everyone should read. It tells of the protagonist, Winston, within his daily life in Oceania (the future London, England).Winston, is not unlike most people living in Oceania, he has a large television screen in his room which constantly spouts information spoon fed (and presumably processed) by the Ministry of Truth, which not only presents information, but creates the future, and changes the past to fit the glorification of their leader: Big Brother. The enormous screen is two-way, as much as you can see the man and/or woman in the broadcasting room, they can see Winston (or any other man or woman) in his daily life.Winston, is not unlike most Oceanians. He speaks English. But not the English of Shakespeare or Woolf, or of today's standards. His form of English has been chopped down to remove all possible loopholes, or Doublespeak. For instance, one may think of something as good, or ungood. Fast, or unfast. Big, or Unbig.Never: bad, slow, or small.Winston is not unlike most Oceanians, he has a job at the Ministry of Truth, (or Minitruth, just to remove loopholes once again), where he rewrites history. He receives information, such as the leader of England... I mean Oceania... being Winston Churchill... I mean Big Brother... and his sole succesful victory over the leader of the other two country-states.However, (to speed things up a bit) Winston falls in love. Love, is a forbidden thing in Oceania; people mate solely for bringing in more children. (These children are then whisked away for a sort of Secret Police/Gestapo-eske training so Big Brother can have another pair of eyes within each household. Oceania's next big attempt: to make the sexual impulse regulated)Winston and his lover soon meet for their sexual escepades away from the cameras, that are everywhere, and soon contact a small antique-shop owner who lives in the slums of Oceania for a room.The two rent the room, and unfortunately, the falling action of the story takes place there, where Winston and his lover are captured by the Thoughtpolice (The grown-up Gestapo) and are sent for brainwashing.To those who say the future would never become like this...In a local newspaper, the sewage pipeline owners were tossing around an idea of placing cameras in the septic pipes to see who, ""Was pouring grease down their toilets.""Another Orwellian Innovation, while seemingly less ""potent"" is that of the Red Light Cameras. You do the logic.Big Brother is also invading Wal*Mart with his RF-ID chips that are used to ""Track Inventory.""What happens if the Cashier coincidently ""forgets"" to take the chip off?Legislature has been considered that mandates a national ID card which can track where any citizen of the U.S. is at any time.Two other words: Patriot Act.However, I must say two, final things: First, I may sound like a shrill pessimist, however with the right mind, orchestrating the right, belligerant, and malignant agenda, a national catostrophy can fuel Orwellian invasions of privacy simply and unconditionally (see the reason above this paragraph.)And lastly, I take another reviewer, Mr. WiseToolz  in which he reviews,""This book just didn't grab my attention. I simply couldn't ""connect"" with the characters (Winston, Julia, Syme, O'Brien and Big Brother). To me, they were all just a bunch of names and not ""real"" people. ""Take away enough freedoms and instill enough mundanity, and people become, ""just a bunch of names..."".In closing, the book is an excellent piece of work that should be read with an open mind."
"I'm amazed at the technical predictions in this book. I do think fortunately we will not produce a future society so blah and uncreative. As far as big brother, well it may happen but I'm pretty certain it wont be like this or so intrusive to our regular lives. Just look at normal everyday people in your life and you'll know we will never be like the eerie people in this book. I don't think most of the story in the book Utopian Reality will happen either, but its scientific predictions were really incredible as well. I did thoroughly enjoy the different perspective of 1984. I guess I also read dis-utopian kind of books because it makes me live my life with a smile, knowing I would never allow myself nor my children to become so bleak and cause I know many other people share the same feelings."
"1984 by George Orwell is an excellent novel that displays the possible horrors of a `utopian government'. The novel takes place in London, a large city in Oceania. The main character is Winston, and he is able to see the lies of The Party, which rules the nation. Throughout history, Oceania has been at war with either Eastasia or Eurasia. The Party uses censorship to revise history to make look as if Oceania has been at war with Eurasia and allied with Eastasia, or vice versa. Winston is employed by The Party and his job is to change these past records. Along with censorship, The Party uses techniques like newspeak and doublethink to control the masses. Newspeak is an effort by the government to create a very simple language that is dull and not descriptive. This `lean' language is designed to minimize the brain use of Oceanians. Doublethink is another effort of The Party to control Oceanians. Doublethink is a technique taught by The Party that requires people to believe things that they know are not true. For instance, a citizen may know for a fact that Oceania was at war with Eastasia only a few years ago, even though The Party insists that Oceania is an ally of Eastasia and always has been. Winston begins to question the greatness of The Party when he sees how blindly some people can follow the party. This really struck Winston one day during the `two minutes hate', in which The Party shows enemies of Oceania on the telescreen, and all of the Oceanian citizens scream at the person on the screen. Winston is bothered by this, and gains a deep desire to `bring down Big Brother'. This book is an excellent read for people of all ages, and can show the dangers of government intervention into personal life."
"Not many authors have written a novel as excellent as 1984 that affected the political world as well.  George Orwell set a new standard for sci-fi writing with this book, in which he writes his vision of the future if Communism had continued to rise.  1984 was not only written as a captivating novel, but as a warning.  When George Orwell wrote the book in 1949, World War II had just ended and Communism was beginning to dig its roots into Europe.  Orwell, having seen the effects of Communism first-hand, decided that he needed to show what the future could be if the world was not careful.  The political message lies in the portrayal of life in the future in an advanced Communist society.  Surrounding the message is a captivating novel that intrigues all readers even after the Communist era has passed.  Orwell describes a society that lived in poverty.  The citizens knew of nothing except austerity because no information could enter the country without government approval.  An average citizen, Winston Smith, began to understand how corrupt the government had become.  Knowing too much was a crime; Winston was in danger of being arrested for thought-crime.  How could Winston possibly fight a governmental system on which he himself depended? Once a warning, 1984 has now become a reminder of what can happen in a society in which the government has too much control."
"It is easy to see why Orwell envisioned the world he did in 1948; the year he wrote the immortal ""1984.""  The world was already in fact, engulfed in a period of total warfare.  (Many historians now consider WWI & WWII to be a single event - a first and second act, if you will, of the most deadly struggle in the history of the earth, with a cooling down period or intermission, in between...).Even WWII never actually resulted in any kind of resolution or conclusion, but rather, settled into an uneasy ""truce"" involving a new confrontation that rose out of the ashes of post-war Europe and Asia, between Soviet Russia, China, and their communist allies, and the United States, and (what remained) of western powers - namely, France & Britain.The events of Korea were looming large and the cold war was about to get very hot, played out on the stage of the Korean Penninsula.  Framed as a ""UN intervention"" supporting South Korea against invasion from the North, the Korean war was less than a year away when ""1984"" was first published: an event that was nothing short of a direct military confrontation between the United States and China and the Soviet Union which nearly became WWIII.Moreover, a substantial percentage of the world's population was already under the direct control (China & USSR), or at the very least, the yoke (North Korea, Mongolia, Eastern Europe, etc.,) of oppressive, bloody supreme dictatorships led by cult-of-personality leaders in Mao and Stalin.Meanwhile, American Democracy faced its greatest crisis since the Civil War, during the Korean conflict.  General MacArther - a figure beloved by the American people of an almost ""God-like"" status challenged President Truman by publicly advocating the use of nukes against China and escalating Korea into an all-out war with the Communists.In the ensuing showdown the American people and press sided with MacArthur, villainizing Truman.  As we all know, MacArthur, dismissed by Truman, stepped down and peacefully abdicated his position.  In retrospect, the wisdom of Truman's policy was obvious, but fortunatley for all the world, the maligned president, Truman - despite the frightening times - kept his sanity, stuck to his guns, and made the politically unpopular decision of keeping Korea an isolated conflict and standing up to MacArthur...If not for Truman (and MacArthur's decision to obey the Commander and Chief), it is frightening to imagaine just how close the world Orwell predicted could've come to fruition.Orwell's analysis and predictions of the fate of human nature, society, and politics contained in 1984 are absolutely piercing and frightening.  This book should be required reading (where it isn't already) in U.S. high schools and universities (or for that matter, the world's educational institutions).  Orwell teaches us, in shocking, disturbing prose, that the freedoms and liberties that we all take for so much granted everyday, are much more precarious than we presume.  Indeed, at times, their fate hangs in the balance.  The price of protecting freedom and liberty depends on nothing less than the eternal vigilance of an informed, invested, and educated populace.1984, in my opinion, stands as the most important novel written in the 20th Century."
"I READ THE BOOK ""1984"" BY GEORGE ORWELL. tHE BOOK WAS ABOUT A GUY NAMED WINSTON WHO FOUND A DIARY AND WROTE HIS FEELING IN IT WHICH WAS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN. I THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS RATHER BORING AND CONFUSING TO READ. I DIDNT UNDERSTAND MOST OF THE THINGS HE WAS TALKING ABOUT. WHEN READING THE BOOK I SUGGEST THAT YOU PAY CLOSE ATTENTION SO THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT COMPLETELY AND WONT BE CONFUSED."
"1984 is a classic not because it is a tale of beauty, in fact its the exact opposite.  It is probably one of the ugliest books ever written.  That doesn't stop it from also being the most necessary book ever written.  This book is a reflection not only on Totalitarian society, but on our own.  ""Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two makes four.""  That line is probably my whole philosophy on Government and the world.  Even though this book really is not for the weak minded, or people that easily buy into whatever the media gives them, I think that any educated person has not truely been educated unless they have read this book."
"1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as ""Big Brother"" Orwellian and such.  These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues.  This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms.  Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future.  Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin's corrupting the ideals of Socialism.  He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.The plot to 1984 isn't so important as the setting.  Basically the story follows Winston Smith.  Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment, for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions.  Not loving the government (thought crime) is the only crime that is recognized.  Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city, included mandatory TVs which can't be turned off, only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which ""thought police"" may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time.  Social interaction doesn't exist, since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.There are three classes of people in London:  Inner Party members, Party members like Winston and the proletariate, who aren't watched so closely because they aren't considered human.  In this world Winston goes from merely not liking the government to engaging in unusual behavior.  He starts by buying decorative antiques at a proletariate shop and progresses to having a girl friend, who he can only meet with in remote country side settings on account of social interaction is not allowed by the government.  It is obvious to him that he will one day be taken to the Ministry of Love, a windowless building which handles law enforcement, and never fails at getting thought criminals to love the government.The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  Still it is important to read it before throwing around terms like ""Orwellian""  It has been so influential on society that it is required reading - if you want to pass your tenth grade English.  Failing to read is a sign of insurgence against the government."
"1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as ""Big Brother"" Orwellian and such.  These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues.  This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms.  Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future.  Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin's corrupting the ideals of Socialism.  He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.The plot to 1984 isn't so important as the setting.  Basically the story follows Winston Smith.  Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment, for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions.  Not loving the government (thought crime) is the only crime that is recognized.  Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city, included mandatory TVs which can't be turned off, only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which ""thought police"" may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time.  Social interaction doesn't exist, since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.There are three classes of people in London:  Inner Party members, Party members like Winston and the proletariate, who aren't watched so closely because they aren't considered human.  In this world Winston goes from merely not liking the government to engaging in unusual behavior.  He starts by buying decorative antiques at a proletariate shop and progresses to having a girl friend, who he can only meet with in remote country side settings on account of social interaction is not allowed by the government.  It is obvious to him that he will one day be taken to the Ministry of Love, a windowless building which handles law enforcement, and never fails at getting thought criminals to love the government.The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  Still it is important to read it before throwing around terms like ""Orwellian""  It has been so influential on society that it is required reading - if you want to pass your tenth grade English.  Failing to read is a sign of insurgence against the government."
"A very meaningful book. I was taken back at how intense it turned out to be; socially, politically, psychologically and existentially. And it really gives one the awful nausea that Sartre spoke of and the angst of Kierkegaard, the existential despair, emptiness, loneliness, the awful outcome that leaves you with a sour pain in the pit in your stomach. But that is only if you remain too attached and subjective. On the other hand, if you can detach yourself from this book and view it objectively, it is the most meaningful and explanatory lesson in awareness to the distinct and very real possibility of a utopian world gone bad. This book is a valid warning.The book is brilliant, portraying an authoritarian government that recreates all thought, erases all history, negating it all into solipsism, that all reality is simply the creation of man - The Party of Ingsoc-  and in doing so melts into a radical blind relativism. Ingsoc, the Party of Big Brother which rules, also attempts to create an entirely new form of language - Newspeak - that reduces the variations of meanings to prevent people from independent thinking. In this new language, the word called, ""Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them . . The process has to be conscious, or it would not be carried out with sufficient precision, but it also has to be unconscious, or it would bring with it a feeling of falsity and hence of guilt.""It's ironic, but ultimately the fundamentalists are blind relativists in that they violently enforce their view and then change to a completely new view - new history, and then re-enforce this view in staunch, one-sided fundamentalism. This is truly blind relativism, which is different from cultural relativism and pragmatism, where there can still be a limited form of relativism that retains values, but not in the world of Big Brother. This is important because there is a huge difference between mindless relativism and the compartmentalization of absolutes in pragmatism, which maintains value retention while tolerating cultural differences. But in Big Brother, all becomes a relativistic void for the Party, which uses hate, fear and torture to achieve its end goal, the goal of power; power for the Inner Party.The government of Orwell's 1984 is different from all the previous authoritarian governments, as it does not fool itself that it trying to help the people. At the end of the current edition is a short essay of Erich Fromm, with an analogy in comparison to two other negative utopian novels with three other positive utopian novels and how society went from such positive idealism to the recognition of negative possibilities in the direction of our future and how our responsibilities and the limited amount of time humanity has as a species to make the necessary changes towards heeding this warning and directing itself towards the positive outcome.Despite the outcome and utter despair the book leaves you with, the valuable lesson speaks for itself. And I think in America, we must recognize our free-market fundamentalist mentality, our military bullying and authoritarian nature that puts the dollar and large corporate control over the proletariat. We need to value Orwell's warning and work towards repairing the great democratic dream of a equalitarian society that puts the rights of the individual ahead of monetary gain and looks towards the preservation of our environment - to restore the ideas of Emerson, Whitman and James and pragmatist values of democratic government actively engaged by the educated working classes.The year 2005 represents a major time for America (Amerika) to wake up from the partisan, unilateral decisions of the Bush Administration's lone ranger policies, which include torture (congress just re-defined this word!) and lies. And in addition to the United States Imperialism, there is another major serious global development resembling Big Brother which has already begun; the WTO (World Trade Organization), well underway with a pseudo-democratic, secretive, powerful, small elite group of plutocrats (mostly United States corporations) enforcing global limits on protective government regulations, reducing environmental protections and proletariat rights, all so under a ""newspeak"" (rhetorical-beneficial) language of ""free-trade."" Orwell has become a superior prophet over Nostradamus.""Is not a matter of whether the war is not real or if it is. Victory is not possible. The war is not meant to be won. It is meant to be continuous. A hierarchical society is only possible on the basis of poverty and ignorance. This new version is the past. And no different past can ever have existed. In principle, the war effort is always planned to keep society on the brink of starvation. The war is waged by the ruling group against its own subjects. And its object is not the victory over either Eurasia or Eastasia, but to keep the very structure of society in tact."" George Orwell, 1984""In a way, the world-view of the Party imposed itself most successfully on people incapable of understanding it. They could be made to accept the most flagrant violations of reality, because they never fully grasped the enormity of what was demanded of them, and were not sufficiently interested in public events to notice what was happening. By lack of understanding they remained sane. They simply swallowed everything, and what they swallowed did them no harm, because it left no residue behind, just as a grain of corn will pass undigested through the body of a bird."" p. 156WAR IS PEACE - and great profits are gained by large corporate military contractors and the vast oil supply (Halliburton). The economic gain is not for the working class, but for the corporate elites and their private ownerships. Thus the government remains financed and ready for further imperial maneuvers.FREEDOM IS SLAVERY - and we now have tight security measures, wire tapping, censorship and the Patriot Act. All of this enslaves us and removes many of our liberties and private rights, all so for the sake of keeping our freedom secure, slavery to protect freedom. Ultimately, censorship prevents the working class from Socratic inquiry of government policies, thus the government remains in tact. Labor parties, Poplulists-Farmers, Feminists, African Americans/Civil rights, evironmental protections, minimum wage requirements and the working man and woman themselves loose their rights and voices of active participation. They are simply ""prols,"" while the corporate elite, the plutocrats increase their rule, working their way towards totality. Open Democracy and human rights die, aristocracy enslavement lives, all so to protect the freedom of the country.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH - and to remain in ignorance is keep the proletariat quietly content in his mediocre existence, either in poverty or struggle, ceasing the time, strength and desire for Socratic inquiry of government policies. The result; mindless flag waving nationalism. Ignorance masked under the newspeak of ""Free Trade"" and radical privatization without regulatory control leads to monopolistic corporate state owned society. And the flags keep waving. The breakup of a Hollywood couple takes the headlines, while WTO is quiet in the media background. The elite in Control increase and maintain strength. Ignorance is strength."
"I loved this book, It deals with an (in my opinion) communistic country and a man who somewhat doubts that whats going on is ethicly correct.I love the irony in the government- The Ministry of Truth deals with all lies, The Ministry of Peace deals with War & last but not least there is The Ministry of Love, dealing with law enforcement and some of the harshest criminal punishments. In Oceania there is no such thing as truth because records of the past are changed to better reflect "" Big brother""There are so many controversial arguments in this  novel that  you will wonder why  a government like this, never had a mass  rebellion against it, Today a government official  makes a mistake and there are protestors, in this book, all hope lies within the proles - the race I find the most American public like in opinions but unlike the American public, have not rebelled against what they find immoral, ethicly incorrect etc."
"George Orwell is right. He has always been right and will always be right. This novel, 1984, shows a scary, terror-filled world where everyone is a potential enemy. Before 9/11 this stood as an important piece of British 20th Century fiction; now it is a must read for all because it is hard to know where the fiction ends and the ""true"" narrative begins."
I read a lot of books.  I rarely read a book more than once.  I read this three times.  It is hard to imagine a better book - inspiring and depressing at the same time!  The satire is overwhelming.  I do not think a person is truly educated if he or she has not read this book. It taught me to hate totalitarianism and it reinforced my love of freedom. This book will be read a thousand years from now.
This book is chilling and eye opening. It's one of the best books I have ever read. I highly suggest it.
"The parallels between G.W.'s government and the big brother government in ""1984"" are harrowing. But I guess as long as we have a president who says he believes in Jesus, Americans will continue to have no problem with the largest, most expansive, and most intrusive federal government in this nation's history."
"1984 is very unique. The whole story is about a man named Winston Smith, who starts to have questions in his mind about the totalitarian government that he has always known and lived with. As is typical of Orwell novels, 1984 is about one man who is all alone in the world, who tries to break away from conformity.The world that Orwell has created in this novel, called Oceania, is so very different from our own, that it is almost impossible to imagine. The Party is in power, and they can ""vaporize"" anyone who they even suspect of ""thoughtcrime"" (thinking things contrary to the Party's beliefs). The main figure of the government of Oceania is Big Brother. The term ""Big Brother is watching you"" comes from posters that the Party put up all over in the book.This novel makes you realize just how precious the freedoms we have are. I would recomend this book to anyone interested in politcal fiction. But a word of caution, this book is not very cheerful or uplifting, so this is not a book to read if your not in the mood for something depressing."
"I just finished 1984 and was blown away by the final chapter and the book's conclusion.  Orwell's brilliant ideas, especially those told through the object of the book (which, in 1984, is in itallics, but I can't write in italics here) The growth of The Party, from the creation of the super nations to the ideas behind the purpose of the war, all are completely and frighteningly believable.  The Party, incarnated and personified in the end of the book, is one of the most horrific villains ever, especially durring the scenes between it and Orwell's personification of humanity.  Although it took Orwell about a third of the book to set up the whole idea of society under the party, once he has gotten his world set up, he procedes to propel the reader through it with frightening realism and a sad sense of hopelessness.The thing that frightens me most, though, is the question of how correct Orwell might be.  Is this where we are heading?  While I don't think anything now could be similar to what is in the book: war continues to be an ends to achieve peace (for the most part), not an ends to keep down society, you can't be arrested for a look or thought, and you still can choose to love who you wish, sometimes I see in our society traces of a path to 1984.  Perhaps you'll agree with me if you read the book, perhaps not, but I am convinced that, although 1984 has come and gone, it is the end of the path society treds."
"1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as ""Big Brother"" Orwellian and such.  These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues.  This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms.  Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future.  Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin's corrupting the ideals of Socialism.  He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.The plot to 1984 isn't so important as the setting.  Basically the story follows Winston Smith.  Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment, for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions.  Not loving the government (thought crime) is the only crime that is recognized.  Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city, included mandatory TVs which can't be turned off, only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which ""thought police"" may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time.  Social interaction doesn't exist, since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.There are three classes of people in London:  Inner Party members, Party members like Winston and the proletariate, who aren't watched so closely because they aren't considered human.  In this world Winston goes from merely not liking the government to engaging in unusual behavior.  He starts by buying decorative antiques at a proletariate shop and progresses to having a girl friend, who he can only meet with in remote country side settings on account of social interaction is not allowed by the government.  It is obvious to him that he will one day be taken to the Ministry of Love, a windowless building which handles law enforcement, and never fails at getting thought criminals to love the government.The novel is always dark.  No happy beginning, no happy middle and no happy ending.  Still it is important to read it before throwing around terms like ""Orwellian""  It has been so influential on society that it is required reading - if you want to pass your tenth grade English.  Failing to read is a sign of insurgence against the government."
"Before I had a chance to read this book I read ""The Giver"" twice and watched the movie ""Equilibrium,"" I'm readily convinced that these ideas were spawned off the book ""1984."" I started hearing about this book from numerous friends as a book they read in high school. I was amazed by the fact that I had never read the book but I think people having sex is something they would want to filter out of people's minds at such a young age.The book started off with a feeling that made you miserable which is a great way to start a book because you have a notion of curiosity that makes you eager to see if the situation gets better. Over the course of the story you delve into the horrific society that kills people for having an independant thought. A downgrade in society if you think about it. I would have never thought evolution could go backwards; however the situations in ""The Giver"" and ""Equilibrium"" seem more plausible since technology gets better as they go along.The middle of the novel you get even more fascinated by the fact that so much good starts happening and you just cheer on the characters. There is so much tension and you wonder what good will come next and you can't sleep until you finish the next page. Then you finish the book with a mouth dropped open and having strong emotions.I personally hated the ending but that is exactly what the author wants you to feel, hatred like everyone else in this book feels. Some people will applaud at the ending saying it's clever and others might be in deep awe about what just happened. I'll just say that it's one book that I'll gladly display on my shelf which is a lot considering my strict selection of books."
"It's been on my list for a couple of years so I finally broke down and just bought it.  It's thick with philosophy and politics but these rarely overwhelm the gripping narrative and impressive characters.  I've been around the spinoffs and derivations of this story all my life, so I thought the original might seem tame, but what was most compelling about the novel for me was just how terrifying and vivid Orwell's world is.  I mean, I could TASTE it.  Grim and relentless, yet thrilling and emotional.  The some key  parallels between Ingsoc and U.S. ""democracy"" today are pretty chilling.  ""Endless war for endless peace"", anyone?"
"1984 by George Orwell was a fascinating, sad, and powerful read.  It really provoked the reader to think, realize, and become aware of certain realities present in our world today.  This book was written in 1949 and was Orwell's prediction, or fantasy, of what the world would be like in 1984.  Although the story was a bit far-fetched and extreme, eye-opening parallels to some situations that our modern day world has faced can be seen.  Oceania was always at war and constantly switched enemies and allies.  It didn't matter who they were at war with so long as they were the dominating power in the world.  I thought this correlation with Orwell's prediction was very true of the way our country runs.  The book followed Winston as he tried to defy the government's complete control over the public.  Little did he know that the power of Big Brother ran far deeper than he could have imagined.  As citizens of the United States of America, I think it is important for us to read this book.  We need to be aware of how easily people can be manipulated by a great power.  This book presents that matter in an intricately woven story that really invokes a connection between the reader and the characters.  The reader begins with great hope that Winston will be able to resist Big Brother's control but as the story progresses and hope diminishes, the reader begins to get a sense of reality and really wakes up to realize that once a large force is in motion, it can be unstoppable.  1984 by George Orwell is a must read."
"One of the best books I've ever read.  How prophetic and relevant to the times we live in.  Not only does it scare the hell out of you, but the characters are so well developed that you really care about them.  It is a tragic story on two levels, both for humanity and for the individual characters.  But make no mistake, although it is a great story of fiction, it is also a warning.  It may never happen, but it can, and we are heading down that path.So much has been said already in these reviews, I will just add my endorsement and say that ""1984"" should be required reading for every high school student, and then it should be required again in college.  If you have read it some time ago, read it again, you will find more the second time through. Peace."
"If you haven't read this book, get it. What are you waiting for?Almost every book or movie in the genre since this book has in some way been influenced by it.It still manages to inform our discussions about privacy to this day."
"It's 13 now. Lonely. Dark. Without. Winston edits history at the Ministry of Truth. There must be something else. Julia - reluctant patron of Oceania. Para-military. Beautiful. They meet. Sex is illegal. Her role in society demands she adhere to taboo's as lineated by the I nner Circle. She loves Winston and he loves her. What are these feelings? All the wars. They submit to one anothers flesh desires and are caught by that ubiquitous Tele-Screen. The de-progamming begins. ""What is 2+2?"" But it's not 4. It's five. It's 4. It's 5. It's 4. It's 5. Months of torture produces the proper response. Beaten and now souless, they are allowed to re-enter society. They are very quiet. On a dusty table, in a bad coffee shop, Winston leaves a message: 2+2 does equal 5. It really does."
"Mindlessly mechanical, very few things move her emotionally. ""Things will be all right for future generations,"" she tells my father. She has no need for family history, her own or mine. She fears creativity until recently. My mother, a misanthrope who grew up under communist China's educational system, even after residing in the States for more than twenty-five years, cannot seem to snap out of her past ""education"" by the communists. In my memory, she seems to hold little joy in her life. What a novel 1984 is; it sheds light on my questions: ""Who is my mother?"" and ""What is my mother?"" In a sense, ""Chapter One"" of the Book rings a personal truth to my upbringing, so many things that my mother said to me about the world, during my childhood, puzzled me. Whatever psychological lessons my mother went through during her ""education,"" I doubt she'd ever share it with me. Nonetheless, I would not be surprised if she received training in doubletalk, doublethink and the indoctrination ""freedom is slavery."" It was very easy, almost too easy, for me to project myself into the novel, because it felt so personal and real.So it was easy for me to imagine myself living in a Totalitarian society, but it would be too much of a nightmare, for I already have a slight taste of it in my childhood. Unknowingly, in the past few years, I have worked in my small ways to strengthen my knowledge and belief in a democratic society, may it be researching history, studying the structure of mainstream media, or becoming more aware and decoding the means of deception and misinformation, which is so pertinent to understand the actions of current Bush administration.Even though the main character, Winston Smith, in 1984 eventually learned to love the Big Brother after forty years, I am still optimistic about meeting my responsibility as a US citizen, participating in quasi-democracy and reading once more 1984 as a novel, not a history book. But, if it ever becomes truly historical in content, by then, 1984 would have been either re-written or George Orwell vaporized out of existence."
"George Orwell's 1984 is a thought provoking novel about a future which we were fortunate to escape...or did we?  I enjoyed this novel not because of the storyline itslef, but rather because of the theories and ideas brought forth by the story.  Orwell writes of a man named Winston, his girlfriend Julia, and their boss/confidant O'Brien, in the future continent of Oceana. Oceana is constantly at war with one or both of the two other super-countries, Eurasia and Eastasia.  1984 is the tale of two people struggling for independence and freedom in a country where the government controls everything down to our very thoughts.  Winston and Julia set out to change the way things are, or at least try, but after only scratching the surface of the true reasons behind the way things are, they find that the government, ""Big Brother"", has powers reaching far deeper than they ever could have imagined."
"The book 1984 by George Orwell, was a great book if you are into Sci Fi/adventure novels. The only part of the book I did not like was the ending. Winston sells out. Through the whole book he has you believe he secretly wants to disobey and rebell against this opressive leadership, but then at the end instead of taking the cruel death with pain and honor he sells out. He takes the easy road. It almost makes it seam like the whole book was for nothing. He ended right where he started off. Other than the sell out ending, the book kept my attention and gets a rating of 4 out of 6 on the Rob scale."
"This book really gets you thinking.  People should not call this book a fear of communism, it is based in fear of fascism.  Orwell also wrote Animal Farm which was more a critique of communism. Anyway, the book is about a guy named Winston Smith who is in 1984.  There are only 3 world super powers who are continuously at war with each other.  The government rules the people and controls their minds by creating extreme hatred and fear.  Any thoughts differing from the party is a crime and even facial expressions that are too suspicious could mean you disappear.  I think everyone knows the basis of the book but the story line was not all what I thought it would be.  There was a love-story.  The love-story struck me as somewhat reminiscent of classic romanticism - a perfect private love which its test is to survive the outside world and in this case Big Brother.  You'll have to see how the love-story turns out.  A sign of a good book for me is one that is still bothering me days later and this one will probably bother me for years to come.  The book doesn't have too much action but rather is written for each piece and idea presented to be thought-provoking.  I highly recommend reading this book."
"Somehow I missed reading this in school, but always heard good things about it, so when I saw it lying around, I decided I should read it.  I thought that the concepts in the book would be pretty interesting, but I didn't expect as much from the plot and characters.The world created by Orwell is very disturbing.  The way the past is changed is especially frightening, along with the idea that thoughts can be changed by limiting the vocabulary needed to express them.  I also thought the character of Winston Smith was very well written along with the plot as he becomes a thought criminal.The only thing I didn't like about the book was that it seemed like the Party would have an impossible job  trying to keep up with the sheer volume of things that would constantly need to be changed in order to maintain whatever ""reality"" is current.  Also, I couldn't see why anyone would really want to be a member of the Outer Party as opposed to one of the proles, who seemed to have a little more freedom.  Finally, I never really understood the ""why"" of the Party, even when it was explained in the story, it didn't seem very appealing to me, at least not enough that everyone would be able to be brainwashed into maintaining it.  However, I suppose if crimestop and doublethink and other concepts described in the book actually worked, then no one may have thought about these things enough to care.Overall, this is an excellent book that really makes you think about some pretty scary things.  I definitely think this is a book worth reading."
"Orwell's 1984 seems to grow increasingly relevant with every passing year.1984 tells the story of Winston Smith, who's job is ""correcting"" historical documents and removing words from the dictionary. He is a drone in the machine that is the Party, the ruling power of Oceania. Every thought, movement, and gesture is watched through telescreens by a policing force called the Thought Police. Big Brother, the figurehead of the Party, is revered and loved, and any thought otherwise is punishable by death.Whatever trace of humanity that lies in Winston causes him to seek answers, question his reality, and pursue a forbidden realtionship with a woman named Julia, all which lead to a frightful and thought provoking end.This book should be a staple in every person's library. Orwell's satire has withstood the test of time, and has inspired a countless number of books and films. A classic in every sense."
"I have read this book 3 or 4 times and still find it relative to our society today. The way things are going we maybe heading toward a Oceania society,though police and war that neverends.Look at the patriotic act,the war in Iraq and terriotist. I would recommend EVERYONE READ THIS BOOK."
"Orwell's ""1984"" began real slow.  Orwell set up a lot of groundwork for the last hundred or so pages.  I had to force myself to read the first two sections, but toward the end of the second section and all throughout the third, I could not put it down.  Orwell had so many twists at the end of the book that made the it worth reading.  He flawlessly used foreshadowing to literally make this book.  All the twists, if you could pick up on the foreshadowing, wouldn't have come to you as a surprise.  But since I took the foreshadowing for something different, what really occured was thrilling!I would suggest suffering through the first many pages to get to the last hundred.  Set aside about an hour or two and read the last pages straight through, because it will be too hard to put it down once the plot twists occur.  Overall, I truely enjoyed the book.  I just found it hard to get through some of it."
"Simply put, 1984 is a masterpiece of satire. It's philosophical, well-written, layered and its message resonates long after reading it. The plot you probably know already but just in case, the modern day world has descended into a totalitarian state, ruled by a near-deified leader named Big Brother. The citizens of this nation live in complete submission to this dictatorship, where even an errant thought can mean torture and death.The issues explored in this text range from love and companionship to more far-reaching questions such as the true needs and desires of humanity. What do we crave more: equality, justice and the pursuit of happiness or just unbridled power and security? The world of 1984 is unveiled through Winston Smith in his attempt to uncover not just the hows of his existence, but the whys. Allusions to Stalin and the U.S.S.R. abound, some more subtle than others. There is enough material present to keep one pondering the ultimate meaning of this book long after you put it down. It is truly one of the ultimate literary accomplishments of the 20th Century.Sadly, perhaps the most widespread contribution of 1984 comes in the form of cliched, sophomoric analogies to the in-power political party of America. I'll say this: civilization comes with advantages and disadvantages. It's a matter of degree, and political correctness is the closest we have to thought crime. If all you can take from this book is ammunition to rip Bush, you've missed one great debate on human desire and the nature of reality."
"I can recommend 3 books to read before the election. Bob Woodwards Plan of Attack, Richard Clarke's Against All Enemies and Orwells 1984. Orwell's vision has finally come true. The parallels between his book and the Bush administration are frightening. War is Peace , have we heard that from The Bushies, Rumsfeld's Doublespeak, Please people read this book before the election and compare the book to the adminstration policies and then make the choice you think is right."
"This is one of the scariest books ever written.  It's a story of a society where the government is everywhere and controls everything.  Big Brother is what they call the government, and they want the people to think that Big Brother is looking out for them, when actually Big Brother is watching every move they make.It takes 20 or 30 pages to get into the book and start to understand the language used in it.  Nothing in this book is what is seems to be.  For example, they have a memory hole, which is used to destroy documents and erase the memory of the words on those documents.  The Ministry of Love is where they torture people, The Ministry of Truth is where they produce their lies, and so on.The hero of this book realizes that things are not what they seem and are not quite right.  He longs for freedom, without knowing just what it is he's missing.  It's a bleak book, but one of the best I've ever read.If you enjoy this one you should also check out ""Animal Farm,"" by Orwell."
"I very much enjoyed 1984, by George Orwell.  Orwell had a terrifying vision of the world we were gradually becoming in 1949.  Though 1984 is long gone, his concerns can still be applicable today.Winston Smith is a lone character in a corrupt socialist society where you have no ""friends"", only ""comrades"".  Smith knows there's something wrong, that he hates where he is.  However, he feels he's all who understands.  No one opposes the ""Inner Party"" without meeting certain death.There are rumors, rumors of a society called the ""Brotherhood"", a group that resists the Inner Party.  After he comes across Julia, a woman that has the same discomforts as Smith, he then comes across the Brotherhood.Orwell does an outstanding job of addressing the faults of society and the path the government seems to be headed down.  This is a timeless novel that will be enjoyed by generations to come."
"What struck me the most is - unfortunately - how timeless the book is. It wasn't the current political environment that drew me to the it, yet it's relevancy can't be denied (I'm a former English major and have been reading some of the classics that my education neglected).That being said, a lot of comparisons can be drawn between Saddam Hussein and ""1984's"" Goldstein (keep in mind I'm no Kerry supporter). I'm not saying Saddam's atrocities are fictitious, but they certainly were embellished to gain the support of the masses for a war the United States is incapable of winning. Now that war is being used by the Bush Administration (read Big Brother) to make a case for its being elected to another term. Or, to paraphrase Dick Cheney, if the other guy gets elected, you might die. I hate Big Brother.The manner in which Orwell gets his point across is a little gimmicky at times (a manual on how the government operates, as well as one on the language), although I doubt many writers could construct a better way of getting across their point. It's not anything that would detract from a five-star rating."
"I've heard alot of things about this book, mostly what friends that have read the book have told me. I was looking to compare it to the blind ideaology of human nature. I found alot of what I was looking for in the human psyche but I was quite disappointed with the book as a literary piece. The using of very colorful expressions of the english language but anti-climactic left me feeling ripped-off. The cliftnotes would've done just as well."
"What a timeless classic, now that is a pun.. This is a work of art; a have to read, Please read it to your kids!!!  There is no doubt in my mind this is one of the best books of the 20th century unless big bother tells me defiantly. Don't take the movie as the book ""the movie is good, but it's not the book."" Mind control government control, human corruption, And how it all can defeat love or can it? Victory Reviews""EquinoX""  --- Remove""Happyman"" --- Insert"
"Undoubtedly, this book is great.  For added shock I recommend reading it before (or after) reading Ma Bo's book entitled Blood Red Sunset about what communist life was like for one man during the Chinese Cultural Revolution.  The similarities between fact and fiction, especially with such seemingly outlandish fiction, are very interesting."
"I was so inspired by this novel(as well as Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" and other such Dystopia Sci-Fi Classics) that I took a further step by associating it with what's going on in this country right now and might be and thus writing ""Amerikkka"" and ""Amerikkka Part Two"" in which America becomes Orwell's all powerful ""Oceania"" and the U.S. Preisdent becomes Big Brother. And I add a flavor of Pop Culture into my take on dystopias as well to show that totalitarian regimes need not exist just within the setting of decaying industrial societies like Russia or poor Third World Nations like Cuba, but that they too are able exist in more lavishly posh and weathly settings as well.Bobby Ballistic, author"
"It was sad reading this book because more and more of Orwell's fiction is becoming reality with each passing day (with people gladly surrendering their freedom for feelings of ""security"" since September 11, 2001).By reading all the reviews, a prospective reader will know who Winston Smith is, what he does for a living, what got him into ""trouble"" with the Party, etc.  But what one can't grasp from these reviews is seeing what Winston goes through in his ""re-education,"" that is his brainwashing in order to toe the Party line again.I never suspected old Mr. Charrington as a member of the Thought Police (who set Winston up from the door) and his ""comrade"" O'Brien was a real piece of work.  While in the Ministry of Love, when O'Brien told Winston that his mind was like his only Winston was insane, I thought, ""How delusional we are.""  But, then again, ""What can you do...against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself, who gives your arguments a fair hearing and then simply persists in his lunacy.""  (page 234)So many of the things that Orwell wrote in 1949 have turned into fact.  The far right religious and political folks have used ""1984"" as their blueprint for absolute and total hatred (whether intentional or not).  One of the requirements of being in the Party is that a member was prohibited from learning foreign languages or having any contact with a foreigner at any time (other than to see them rolled by as prisoners).  Maybe that's because ""If he were allowed contact with foreigners he would discover that they are creatures similiar to himself and that most of what he has been told about them is lies.""  (page 174)This should be required reading for everyone and a blueprint on how to reject an absolute dictatorship bent on complete mind control and historical alterations."
1984 is most likely my favorite book.  Most of my friends didnt get it or didnt like it but i found it really really excellent.  If you haven't read this book and like to call yoourself aware you are crazy.This book opened my mind. Everything about it is good.  The characters are very likable and developed.  I am 15 so you might be surprised that I have read it but it is incredible.  If you want to be a punk kid you need to read this book.
"No person can justifiably call themselves educated or ""aware"" without having read this book.  This book is a warning.  It wouldn't take a great leap for the world we know today to become the world presented in 1984.  In fact, it'd be  much less of a leap than it would have been in 1949, when this book was published.  Read this book.  When you're done, ask yourself, ""is the world around me getting less like 1984, or more so?""  Then ask yourself, ""what are the chances that that pattern will change?""  Keep an eye on the world around you, lest one day it keep an eye on you..."
"1984 is a brilliant book, written in a cold, indifferent air. It's never slow. You never lose interest. In fact, you'll get mad when you have to put it down. Even during the most mundane things in the protagonist's life (like coming home from work and watching TV) it never loses suspense. Lots of political satire; makes for a good debate when through. If only books were still written like this, more people would have a reason to read."
"If you want a book that you can relate to life today this is a great selection.  It is important to approach this book with an open mind.  You can read it for simple enjoyment or you can read it as a social commentary.  Either way it is still a good book.  Above all this is a book that should make everyone who reads it want to fight for their rights and liberties.  It would be helpful to understand some of the different political movements that are brought up in the book and their foundations.  Try to examine capitalism, socialism, facism, and communism.  Basically most of the ""ism's"".  This will give you a greater appreciation for Orwell's work."
"Eric Arthur Blair was an important English writer that you probably already know by the pseudonym of George Orwell. He wrote quite a few books, but many believe that his more influential ones were ""Animal farm"" (1944) and ""1984"" (1948).In those two books he conveyed, metaphorically and not always obviously, what Soviet Russia meant to him.I would like to make some comments about the second book, ""1984"". That book was written near his death, when he was suffering from tuberculosis, what might have had a lot to do with the gloominess that is one of the essential characteristics of ""1984"". The story is set in London, in a nightmarish 1984 that for Orwell might well have been a possibility, writting as he was many years before that date. Or maybe, he was just trying to warn his contemporaries of the dangers of not opposing the Soviet threat, a threat that involved a new way of life that was in conflict with all that the English held dear.Orwell tried to depict a totalitarian state, where the truth didn't exist as such, but was merely what the ""Big Brother"" said it was. Freedom was only total obedience to the Party, and love an alien concept, unless it was love for the Party. The story is told from the point of view of Winston Smith, a functionary of the Ministry of Truth whose work involved the ""correction"" of all records each time the ""Big Brother"" decided that the truth had changed. The Party slogan said that ""Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past"", and they applied it constantly by ""bringing up to date"" the past so as to make it coincide with whatever the Party wanted.From Winston Smith's point of view, many things that scare us are normal. For example, the omnipresence of the ""Big Brother"", always watching you, and the ""Thought Police"" that punishes treacherous thoughts against the Party. The reader feels the inevitability of doom that pervades the book many times, in phrases like ""Thoughtcrime was not a thing that could be concealed forever. You might dodge successfully for a while, even for years, but sooner or later they were bound to get you"".Little by little, Winston begins to realize that things are not right, and that they should change. We accompany him in his attempt at subversion, and are unwilling witnesses of what that attempt brings about. This book is marked by hopelessness, but at the same time it is the kind of distressing book we all NEED to read...Why do we need to read ""1984""?. In my opinion, basically for two reasons. To start with, Orwell made in this book many observations that are no more merely fiction, but already things that manage to reduce our freedom. Secondly, and closelly linked to my first reason, this is a book that only gets better with the passing of time, as you can read in it more and more implications. One of Orwell's main reasons for writting this ""negative utopia"" might have been to warn his readers against communism, but many years after his death and the fall of communism, we can also interpret it as a caution against the excessive power of mass media, or the immoderate power of any government (even those who don't defend communism).Technological innovation should be at the service of men, and allow them to live better lives, but it can be used against them. I guess that is one of Orwell's lessons, probably the most important one. All in all, I think you can benefit from reading this book. Because of that, I highly recommend it to you :)Belen Alcat"
"Oceania, with the British Isles, the America's and other lands, and London as its capital is a totalitarian state. Winston Smith works on changing past newspapers and other documents to make them doctrinally consistent with the short term needs of the party running Oceania, INGSOC. Thus documents are changed to make it seem that Oceania has always been at war with one of the two other nations of the world, Eurasia and in an alliance with EastAsia, the other nation; similarly is the construction when Oceania goes to war with EastaAsia.  Similarly documents will be changed that have some INGSOC official uttering an inaccurate prediction about economic performance so that the official will have originally made an accurate prediction.. Documents are changed to eliminate mention of former favored party members after they fall out of favor and are sent to a forced labor camp or are ""vaporized.""  Winston and other bureaucrats throw doctrinally inaccurate documents into the ""memory hole"", a chute, attached to his cubicle where they are sent down to the inner recesses of the government building to be burned.Party members have in their homes and offices ""telescreens"" where they receive propaganda, are led in mandatory morning exercises but through which are also watched by officials for suspicious facial expressions, or any activity that might indicate independence of mind or feelings of love, enthusiasm or any other human emotion that are not directed at Big Brother, the possibly non-existent ruler of Oceania. People who exhibit such tendencies towards ""thought crimes"" are immediately arrested, executed or released back into society brainwashed and then rearrested and shot or sometimes sent to a forced labor camp.INGSOC indoctrination ensures that its party members will not be able to not think logically and instead be completely subordinated to their emotions, which are completely engrossed in worshipping Big Brother. ""Doublethink"" is what is called the ability of the INGSOC party member to somewhat recognize the logical fallacies and outright falsehoods the party propagates as truth.  At the same time such fallacies and falsehoods are accepted as the truth because one's emotions are trained to accept the party's pronouncements as truth whatever common sense says. Thus, it is easy to accept that two plus two equals five when logic says two plus two equals four. Or to not see anything wrong in the Ministry of Torture being officially called ""The Ministry of Love,"" The ministry of truth management/propaganda, etc, where Winston works, as ""The Ministry of Truth, and so on. Or to have the party denounce the original ideals of socialism while declaring itself to be a repository of socialist purity. Logic seems to be only tolerated when examining the crimes of official enemies of Oceania.The bigger one's vocabulary is, of course, the more one can utilize it to articulate opposition to the party; so INGSOC wants to keep Newspeak-the language it is developing--and the remaining use of ""Oldspeak""-old standard English-- as small as possible. In Newspeak there is no bad to good. Instead bad is called ""ungood,"" ""very good"" in oldspeak is called ""doubleplusgood."" INGSOC indoctrination and throwing old documents and dictionaries down the ""memory hole"" has made ""freedom"" have no political connotations but only is defined as in the sentence ""She was now free from the illness."" Most documents before 1960 are sent down the memory hole or like the Declaration of Independence, altered to express doctrines of INGSOC.Orwell is not just talking about Stalinism in this book. He sort of touches on elements of our own society. The bottom eighty five percent of Oceanic society, the non-party members are called ""Proles"", for Proletarian. The Proles are far less constrained by party discipline than INGSOC members produces for them and encourages them to consume dumb popular songs, pornography, trashy novels, play lotteries.. They are encouraged to jingoist frenzies where they attack foreigners and watch parades where they can jeer at foreign POW's and so on. All this distracts them from organizing to seize economic and political justice for themselves. They are still economically enslaved as they were under capitalism.The sort of Trotsky of the story, Goldstein, notes that Oceania's rulers want to keep throwing resources into war-making so as not to have to divert them to making an equitable standard of living for the masses. Erich Fromm notes in his 1961 Afterward notes a few examples of how we in the U.S. practice ""doublethink."" He gives the example of the person who works for Corporation A and defends its products and everything about it as perfect regardless of what one's common sense might say.  However the person will attack his employer's rival corporation B, trying logically to look for flaws in the latter's products and so on. Then the person might switch to employment in corporation B., thus switching loyalty to the latter, and attack the flaws of Corporation A., its former employer. Fromm also notes how American propagandists described U.S. allies as part of the Free World even though it contained viscous Latin American military dictatorships, apartheid South Africa, Salazar's Portugal, Franco's Spain, and so on.As a piece of literature, this book is excellent. The structure, the parts of the story, are well put together and flow together well. Winston's struggle to maintain his intelligence and impendence is very realistic and well told. I liked the views of life among the Proles as seen by Winston. How Winston and Julia make contact and their first meeting where they end up fornicating are all a little unreal..  But despite this the Winston-Julia love story is very charming, full of real feeling. Winston's experiences in the last part of the book are described vividly, if being slightly incredible."
"1984 was such an amazing book I don't even feel worthy to write a review of it. I feel that I lack the writing skills to fully summarize Orwell's masterpiece. I also feel I lack the ability to write a review about this book without hitting every possible cliche used to describe it, such as it being ""Orwell's masterpiece"" or that ""1984 is as timely now then it was then."" It's odd, though, that my school never had me read this book. It's that book my teachers would always mention, but never put it in the curriculum. It really is a long read and I know that students today would object to that. And hell, in school I barely read, so I'd definitely object to it. But this year I've been struck with a burning desire to read, and read I have. I'm not going to elaborate what this book is about, since it's pretty well known. Even I had a basic idea of the plot years before I read it. All I can say is it's the most captivating book I've read. Never have I felt such empathy for the protagonists of the book, nor ever felt such hatred for the antagonists. The ending really brought out my emotions. Meaning, I didn't put it down and go ""Oh, it's over."" I put it down and said ""Why is it over?"" It's a beautifully written book. I don't think we'll ever have another author like Orwell, who's hatred of dictatorships and oppressive regimes and hypocrisy was poured into his two most famous novels, Animal Farm and 1984."
"This book is a literary explosive, drawing the reader in and then exploding in his face with the realization of how terrifyingly accurate it is. And though it may be dismissed by some as far-fetched, I believe it is more important now than ever before, and should be required reading for kids in public schools. Yes, the famous novel that spawned the famous slogan, ""Big Brother is watching"" is quite realistic.""1984"" tells the story of Winston Smith, a jaded denizen of a nation controlled by a totalitarian government led by the enigmatic ""Big Brother"" that monitors the people's every action and uses truly original methods of torture and punishment to keep them in control. He begins to break free of the confines of the Party by having a forbidden love affair with a woman, and soon they both become involved in secretive efforts to join a supposed rebellion against ""Big Brother"".One of the most interesting points that the book makes is the government's manipulation of the English language. In the book, ""Big Brother"" is working towards creating a bastardized version of English called ""Newspeak"", in which political deviance is simply incapable of being expressed (for instance, instead of ""bad"", the word would be ""ungood""). This, I feel, is hard-hitting in the sense that our language is slowly being manipulated to teach us to say and think things that are far from the truth, only it is political correctness that is causing this and not Newspeak.I recommend this book to everyone, especially those who believe that Communism could work. By the time you finish, you will probably think differently."
"What a strange title for a review. I hated this book when I had to read it in High School (along with ""A Brave New World"" and ""Animal Farm""). It wasn't I couldn't understand the story, but rather, the ""Meaning"" of the story was being thrust down our throats. I grew up in the time of fear of Communism overtaking the world, where people even feared their own government (it was during Vietnam and all the riots at universities; where anti-war people were voicing their opinions, etc) and every teacher I had was seeing this as some ""sacred prophesy"" of time to come. At University I had to study it, and write a lengthy discussion on its intended meanings. Interestingly, as I researched the novel I discovered that the date was not some ""futuristic prophesy"" but rather a reversal of the date 1948, and much of the things mentioned in the book were common practice at that time and even before it during the war.I was completely put off this book and all those other futuristic books because they viewed society as nothing but a group of mindless nothings doing what the government told them to do. And I considered how long I had to wait for that horrible year, that prophetic year to arrive. Surely someone would improve on society and not destroy it.As years passed, and the ""inevitable date"" arrived, the world didn't stop, the mind control wasn't happening, and well, we were able to think as we wanted to. Obviously the book was not prophesy. Communism fell so all the books decrying that ""evil way of life"" became empty and their content no longer important.So, what makes the book worth while now? It is not what it is saying was happening in Britain at that time (though it was telling us a bit of the truth), it is not its warning about Communism or even society in the future; it was it warning about what happens in life to us when we allow ourselves to give into the propoganda of governments, media, and whoever you may think of, even the super right wing, and allow them to tell us what to think, and control what we do.In order for us to do that, we have to actually pretend the truth around us is not so, we have to decide what we hear is more real than what we live, see, and experience. It is that sort of ""pretending"" that Windston, the main character, simply cannot do. That truth to self does get him in the end, for that sort of mental and emotional independence is seen as a threat to the society he is living in. What Orwell was telling his reader was simply, when we allow ourselves to accept the ""pretty lie"", to believe as we are told to believe, to conform when it means giving up our very ability to think and understand, we create the soil for such a society to exist. We create the world that lets in sterility of thought, that allows massive belief of whatever we are told (like what Hitler did regarding the Jews); we allow society to control us, to think for us, and to tell us what value we hold. All these things contribute to create a society devoid of creativity, conscience, direction, meaningful life, and of compassion and caring. Society becomes cold, calculating, and inhuman. His book is exploring what a society is really like when those ""virtues"" become its heart.Now that the book has been stripped of its ""prophetic revelations"" and all those other trappings that teachers thrust on it (that made it a real pain to enjoy to read), I have discovered a profound thought, one far deeper than the fear of ""Big Brother"" or of Communism; a society devoid of real thinking, self-determined people becomes no society at all, no matter how ""perfect"" it may seem on the surface.Orwell used what he knew, the experiences of his day, and they are just as applicable to our day as they were back then in war torn England. And we are being sold the same bill of goods. Sadly, though, we buy into them because of our fear of what could be. And so did the characters in the society Orwell described. They did as they were told because even that discomfort was better than the imagined threat life had to offer them. Are we not told we must endure the ""never ending war on terror and through never-ending war we will be at peace?"" Are we not told that by giving up our freedoms and our ability to think and openly express our views, even our opposition to government policy, we are helping protect our freedoms?"" Are we not told what to think, including our ""fat police"" out there who want to regulate even what we eat (very 1984, I have to add)? What he described is, we are a society where we let and allow others to tell us what to think, how to act, and we gladly give up our agency to choose, because, if we can put the responsibility on someone else, we feel freed from any guilt when things fail. The exaggerated technical controlling of the people may not yet be a reality, but the ideological controlling of people is now our reality.I agree with many reviewers, this book is a book of our time, even if we have to strip it of all the past interpretations and fears to get to the substance of the message. The book increases in meaning with age."
"This is an excellent book that really makes you question the type of a world you live in.  You will question your own existence, and what you stand for and represent.  For those of you who have thought that you live in a ""free society""..think again!  This is a book for you to read and tell me Are you really FREE?To me, it was amazing to see that Orwell had the foresight to capture what the world would be like...and when you read this book you realize that we are heading more and more towards the way he thought the future would be.What I will always remember about this book:""War is Peace,Freedom is Slavery,Ignorance is Strength"""
"1984 is certainly a good book which fully explores this fascinating society. Winston's struggle was interesting, but it was the way this society was constructed that truly made this book great. I would encourage everyone to read it. The book starts off very slow, a little too slow for my taste, which is why I gave it four stars instead of five. Once it gets going, though, the book is truly engrossing. I was unable to put it down until the end."
"""1984"" by George Orwell is the kind of book that you only re-read because you didn't understand it the first time.  While the concepts of the book are extremely intriguing, it lacks the kind of a plot line that would make it great.  The lack of suspense and frequent drawn-out episodes make this book dry and very dense.  The only things that got me through were the complex and extremely well thought out concepts which I couldn't stop thinking about.  ""1984"" will cause you to rethink all that you know about the world you live in and make you pray that nothing like it will ever come to exist.  With the single act of opening a blak diary, Winston Smith becomes an enemy of the Party, the totalitarian government led by a figure named Big Brother.  ""1984"" follows Winston's fight against the oppressive government of the Party, including his search for an underground organization known as the Brotherhood and a secret love affair with another Party member.  But in this world ruled by telescreens, doublethink, and the Thought Police, to oppose the Party is practically suicide.  How can he know who to trust when falsification is the norm and the truth doesn't exist.  Can he really expect to win against a government that has the power to rewrite the past and control human thought.  I would recommend this book to people with a lot of patience.  Anybody else will become frustrated before the first chapter ends on page 92.  I would also recommend this book to anybody who has read ""The DiVinci Code"" or any of Dan Brown's other books.  While not nearly as fast paced as ""Angels and Demons"", you will ensnared by the conceptual side of this book the same way I was.  Overall, it's a good read for anybody that can handle complexity and density."
"1984 deserves more than the usual, casual dismissal that, since communism is all but dead, we needn't worry about such things as totalitarianism spreading; democracy without end, amen.  This is not true.  Orwell may have written this at the beginning of the Cold War when we knew just how nasty life was in Russia, and looked to the USSR and Communism as its model.  However, this could just as easily apply today.There are underlying themes in this book that apply to today's democracy-dominated world, unthreatened by the monolith of 1940's communism or fascism, just as they did in 1949, when this book was written.First, in the book they mention that people have the tendency to justify handing over power to a smaller, more efficient caste of people during an emergency.  That's when it all starts to unravel.  Give the government an inch and they will take a mile.When the press is not heterogenous and the government can influence it, you begin to have official lies.  This happens in many countries that have ""official state media"" (think, the Middle East).  Second, he mentions that when atrocities were committed by Oceania, they were considered noble but, committed by the enemy, were atrocities to be avenged.  Be careful when you fight your enemy that you do not become just like him.  It is when there is little difference between your tactics and that of whom you fight that you lose yourself and your identity as a human being.I could go on and on of countless examples, but these are just a few.  You don't think a democracy could unravel? Think again.  Read 1984."
"The book is very original and good.  If you like a book that plays with your mind and questions the realities of the present and what will happen in the future, then this book will be great."
"The scariest, deepest, most interesting, and undoubtedly the best book I've ever read. When I started it, I couldn't put it down. When I finished it, I couldn't pick it up for fear of paranoia. Even now, after I've finally somewhat gotten over it, there are still some nights I can't sleep thinking about this unbelievably incredible book. It's ten times scarier than any Stephen King novel, and it's at least as deep, if not deeper, than anything written by Poe or Shakespeare. This book should undoubtedly be a requirement for anyone in the entire world living under any form of government. The story takes place in 1984, but it could be set in 2084 and not much would change. There is absolutely nothing I've ever read which even comes close to projecting the kind of heavy, depressing, absolute fear which utterly consumes the reader and stays with them forever. Of course I would recommend this book, but I must warn that it can't be treated lightly. It will send you to the edge of paranoia, and throw you into a smothering kind of depression. This is not a book you will soon forget, and it's not a book you can read without questioning everything you think and believe. You'll never hear the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you"" again, without chills going down you're spine, and fear filling every corner of your being.  I would also like to recommend another book that I recently came across------very thought provoking and unusual, titled THE CHILDREN'S CORNER. Not a book for children but a great, great, colorful romp through humor-land, darkness, great writing, and stellar prose.  By Jackson McCrae.  Check it out.  I read it for a class and loved it.  If you loved ""Brave New World"" then you'll like 1984."
"I love 1984: I think it's one of the most powerful, chilling books I've ever read. As such a big fan, I thought I'd alert other 1984 enthusiasts to a new book that updates Orwell's classic for the PATRIOT Act era. The book is John Twelve Hawks' electrifying, impossible-to-put-down The Traveler. In it, Twelve Hawks introduces us to the Vast Machine, an omnipresent surveillance entity every bit as brutal as Big Brother. With all the political poignancy of 1984--and Hollywood-caliber suspense to boot--The Traveler is a must-read for admirers of Orwell's masterpiece."
"In this book George Orwell depicts a world in which a collective consciousness is imposed and controlled by a superbeing called the Party, which by excerting control over every individual's mind obtains control over what it calls 'truth'. Every person is one with the Party, which is personified by the infallible and omnipotent (but nonexistent) Big Brother. Through the individual story of Winston Smith, who initially attempts to rebel against the Party and is later tortured and molded to accept the 'truth' Orwell shows how a heartless totalitarian state might emerge and remain in power permanently by stripping people of all of what we tend to call 'human nature'.The book has the clear purpose of warning the reader of the dangerous path our society is following. Throughout the course of the twentieth century, and even in the present day, we can see signs of the kind of mind control described in this book, as well as several instances of blatant declarations of omnipotence. It is up to us (humans) to keep the gruesome world described by Orwell from ever coming into existence."
"In the late 70's there was a movie that projected what the world would be like in 2001 and was way off. This book was first published in the late 1940's and predicted what life would be like when I was one year old, in 1984. It would be pretty rough if there actually was a thing called the Thought Police."
"This book creeps.  The work took on a life of its own and conveyed more than Orwell intended.  The mood betrayed Orwell's own confrontation with the inevitable.  He endured to finish the work before his death.  His analysis of a world left to authoritarian control reached that point of no return where sequential logic becomes prophetic.  In that unexpected place his gaze was able to penetrate even the iron curtain and the atrocities happening in Russia.  He also presented an organic scene where new technology could potentially be used for control and surveillance.  That state of innovation and our responsibility to administer it will always resonate.Orwell allows us to plod along with Winston, who despite the desperation of his situation, manages to convey hope through education to his audience.  The cautionary message: it could happen to us.  The threats may now be wearing different masks, but the dangers will always be present.This well established literary work presents a bold fight against relativism and is an equalizer of all political systems because it is the result of any one taken to the point of perversion."
"Orwell's most well-known novel may have changed the English language, but that doesn't save it from being a somewhat overrated work of fiction.First, the positives:  Orwell is an excellent writer as such - the prose is perfectly fine, transparent, and readable.  His critique of Soviet language-terrorism (the ""newspeak"" of the novel) is dead-on.  There are moments of great tension, and the atmosphere of terror is effectively maintained throughout.However, the prose can also be pretty bland, and Orwell can't resist the urge to get overly didactic to make some of his points (take, for example, the interrogation, which sometimes reads more like a propoganda pamphlet than a novel).  His characters are dull at best - and as his ironies get more sadistic, they lose all interest.  He's so desperate to make his point that it becomes overkill.But in the end, the major failing is that Orwell denies the novel any humanity, or any sense of human warmth.  In a novel that is supposed to serve as a warning about the cold regimentation of society, we need an author who's not guilty of the same cold, formulaic approach as the society as he criticizes - otherwise the whole point is undermined.  If mental, emotional, and physical freedom are really the powerful (and playful) forces Orwell claims they are, then we as readers need to feel this - but Orwell is incapable of cracking a smile. As D.H. Lawrence said of Melville: ""One wearies of the grand serieux. There's something false about it... Oh dear, when the solemn ass brays! brays! brays!""It's not simply a matter of form following fuction (bland prose for a bland society):  I'd highly recommend reading Zamyatin's novel ""We"", which - let's face it - Orwell practically ripped off.  The key difference is that Zamyatin allows those things like humor, love, and playfulness to sneak in through the cracks... before they're crushed by the totalitarian state around them.  While Orwell delivers a ""message,"" Zamyatin delivers a novel.  You'll be surprised how much more effective, moving, infuriating, and clever Zamyatin's approach is, why Orwell borrowed so much from it, and why 1984 pales in comparison.So: read it for entertainment, if you enjoy dystopian literature.  Its influence has been enormous, and there are things to enjoy.  But feel free to laugh at Orwell's pretentions: it's your right."
"The book 1984 by George Orwell was a very interesting yet different book. I had read Animal Farm and thought it was decent so I figured why not try 1984. The book takes place in the future in a time when everyone must obey the law. There are hidden telescreens that are around to view anyone who goes against the law. The book was kind of hard to understand at first because of the language but after the first few chapters I was able to slide right through out. I found it to be very enjoyable because I like the science fiction type genre. Also, it was a different kind of science fiction since it wasn't based on aliens; it was based more on futuristic type inventions and the pros and cons that arose. I would definetly recommend this book for anyone who is interested in sci-fi type books. There really isn't a required reading level but it is probably better for advanced middle school readers and high school readers because of the language and topics covered."
"George Orwell's 1984, which was written in 1949, is a frightening vision of what the world could turn into in just three and a half decades.  This addicting novel takes place in the city of London, in the territory of Oceania, which contains Africa, the Americas, and much of Europe.  It is the story of Winston Smith, one of the last non-believers in the principles of ""the party.""  This party is a governing body of startling proportions and power.  The party has the influence to erase the past, and change it to better suit their needs.  Anything they say goes, and those who oppose them are tortured and killed.  In a world of fear and absolute control, Winston is one of the last believers that the party can eventually be overthrown.  Winston believes that ""If there is hope... it lies in the proles.""  Winston's hope is that eventually these proles, or members of the working class, will ultimately rise up and cause the downfall of the party.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who is ready for something to read that will make him or her think.  This is a book that is not for the squeamish reader.  If you are looking for a charming tale to lift your spirits, you are looking in the wrong place.  1984 is a thought provoking piece that force you to question the world around you and think about the possibilities that the quite possibly come to pass in the not-so-distant future."
"1984 is by far one of the best books I have ever read. The whole idea is ingenious. What would be the worst possible life be 25 years from now? It's just incredible and horrific at the same time. The whole idea of the Party is great. Orwell takes almost every tyrannical regime, unfair religious doctrine, corrupted practice and form of government from history and compiles it into one monster power; in hopes of deterring people from following the path, he fears, the world is travelling in towards totalitarianism.The best part of the book is the range and amount of depth there is in each page, just waiting to be picked apart by some curious mind like myself. Though despite all these wonderful qualities, 1984 has some gruesome images so it might not be one of those bedbooks for traditional soccer moms. Overall 1984 is incredibly well written and a history lesson in itself."
"In his novel 1984, Orwell confronts the fears of the 1940s that communism would take over the world. Although the issues found in the novel are framed using hyperbole, his overall message carries much significance in our culture today. He confronts issues such as pride, power, domination, and defeat through his description of a dictatorial ""party"" lusting for power even to the point of controlling a person's thoughts and emotions. The main character of the novel, Winston, is an ordinary man who is haunted by his distant memory and driven by a suspicion that there is a reality other than the propaganda of the party.  He longs to discover the world of friendship, trust, and love of the olden days, which the party has completely erased from all records. But instead, he discovers the cold, harsh, yet bland world in which he exists. My favorite characteristic of Orwell's writing is his use of imagery.  This world that he creates seemed vividly real in my mind, and thus emphasized the desperation of Winston's situation. Orwell effectively uses settings that are real today, differing only by the fictional people living there and their actions. Thus the story comes alive for the reader. He also uses many symbols for freedom, encouraging both Winston and the reader with hope in a bleak situation. And finally, Orwell's ingenious mind shines through his work as he displays his intricate idea of what the future would hold. He explains and defends his rationalization, not only through words, but also through the actions of his characters. He ingeniously incorporates these ideas into the fundamental ideas of society, thus creating confusion in the mind of the reader similar to that of his main character. I highly recommend this outstanding novel to anyone who enjoys reading. I personally did not believe that I would enjoy it as much as I did from what I knew of the story line. But, contrary to my expectations, Orwell captivated my imagination through his storytelling. He both challenged me to consider new perspectives on totalitarianism and enthralled me with his methods of writing."
"After reading a few of the earlier reviews here I can see, sadly, that Big Brother is winning the war against the Individual and against Democracy. When seventeen year olds, ""DON'T GET IT"", it is clear that the propaganda and ""education"" that America and other ""slowly turning fascist"" nations are are being hypnotized with are hitting their mark and accomplishing their goals.Anyone who can read Orwell's call to action and put it down with a yawn is already dead! Their friends and family should bury them and shrug. Imagine channel surfing when Paul Revere announced that the Redcoats were coming?! Orwell has made his announcement. It's up to us to heed the call or be dominated and subjugated by a government no longer of, for or by ""the people"" but rather owned and operated by Big Money, Big Business and Big Brother.1984 has accurately predicted the state that we live in where we are being told by our? own government that there are threats around every corner, so watch out. Be afraid! Be very afraid! BEWARE! CONDITION ORANGE! CONDITION RED? THE TERRORISTS ARE COMING, THE TERRORISTS ARE COMING!  LOCK YOUR DOORS AND HOARD DUCT TAPE AND WATER.I am acutely aware that terrorism is a reality. It has been all through history. But how many times now have we been ""warned"" that a terrorist attack is being brewed? How many times have we been put on ""CONDITION ORANGE""? But no attack follows and no follow up announcement that the ""imminent attack"" was prevented!Where are all these terrorists that planned these imminent attacks? I would expect to see their faces on CNN every night.This is exactly Big Brother's STRATEGY. It keeps people in a constant state of low level anxiety expecting a bomb to be dropped on our heads any second! But no terrorist are found under our beds. Just what does it accomplish to announce these ""alerts"" via Big Brother's Big Screen and color coded DANGER LEVEL lights?Does he expect citizens to do something about it? Can citizens stop terrorism if we ""expect"" it to occur at any minute? Are we being given guns to protect ourselves and metal detectors to check out the bags of the ""suspicious looking dark man"" next to us on the train?How does this work? Just what does our ""National Homeland"" Czar expect us to do other than worry, kneel and grovel to the Big Brother in the sky?Are we taking classes or receiving instruction about how to identify and thwart terrorists and ""suspicious"" activity? Or are we just being made anxious and paranoid in the obvious (at least to some of us) attempt to get the masses to empty their pockets of even more tax dollars and to give up our few remaining Democratic rights of a FREE COUNTRY? So that Big Brother can ""better protect us?"" Please!For the reviewers that can't understand this book I say: MORE'S THE PITY! You are ripe for the picking. All King Bill, George and John have to say to you is give us more money and all your remaining HARD-EARNED-BY-THE-BLOOD-OF-BRAVE-AMERICANS"" RIGHTS, and we will keep you safe from the big bad terrorist boogie man! Yeah, right. Like they kept us safe in Oklahoma City and New York!THE SAFEST PLACE IN THE WORLD IS THE INSIDE OF A PRISON CELL!This is where our great leaders really want us all to be. Not an actuall prison cell but a controlled society with ID stamped into our flesh and eternal fear pressed into our souls.GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ASS, MY YOUNG FRIEND AND READ THE BOOK AGAIN. YOU SHOULDN'T BE ALLOWED TO GRADUATE HIGH SCHOOL WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING ORWELL AND BECOMING A REAL AMERICAN.Orwell's classic 1984 is, very simply, true.  Many believe that it was a prediction of what our world would be like in 1984 (it was written in 1951).  It was not a prediction but rather an analogy to the world of Orwell's time.  He was ALREADY LIVING IN 1984.Most people cannot (or will not) see that our world is already controlled by BIG BROTHER. It is sad, scary but true.  In 1984 Orwell shows the governments of the world scaring their own population.  Well, America does the same thing!  So does any country that wishes to extract huge taxes from its population to support ""needed"" war machines.  Now that the Soviet ""threat"" is gone, America needed a new one.  Enter: TERRORISM.But if the reader cares to do a bit of research he or she will find that American militarists have been suggesting that the American military and CIA conduct terror against ITS OWN POPULATION for many years now.  During the Cuban ""threat"" the pentagon asked Kennedy to allow it to  blow up an American ship killing Americans!  He declined.Are we SURE who was responsible for 9/11?  No one has taken credit for it.  Why?  All terror groups IMMEDIATELY TAKE CREDIT FOR THIER WORK when they pull something off.  Why wouldn't the Taliban or Al Quaida jump at the chance of taking credit for the greatest example of terrorism in America?  The only LOGICAL explanation is because they didn't do it!I'm not saying that American militarists did it.  Maybe it was a country that stood to gain from having America go after those ""crazy Moslems.""  Israel?  How about Israel and America?  Who knows?  But there is no EVIDENCE of who actually did it and more important WHY.You can sit back and take the easy explanation spoon fed to you from corporate owned media with its own agenda.  Or you can read and understand 1984 and start thinking beyond the ""obvious.""  If you want to read a book that picks up where 1984 leaves off try HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD.  Yes, I wrote it but that is no reason not to read it.  Everyone advertises his or her own books.  I simply offer it because, like Orwell, I want people to know what is really going on and why.Read between the lines when you read American ""news.""  Better yet listen to news broadcasts from other counties.  It's not a matter of writing outright lies as much as OMITTING details and SKEWING various parts of stories.Orwell gives you the tools to begin to think for yourself.  If it's too much work or too scary, then just put your faith in your president.  He would never lie to you, would he?  Like his Daddy said, just ""read my lips.""  Oh, that's right.  What he was referring to turned out to be a lie and he DID RAISE TAXES after all!  Oh, well.  At least you can trust Orwell.Joseph Francione [author of HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD]"
"Orwell's book is one of those masterpieces that are not only entertaining but are also educational. Author's ideas have many references to Marxism, Stalinism and Fascism. Orwell himself said that he wrote the book after watching political trends around the globe. Many could also find similarities to the Foucault's biopower or Baudrillard's simulacrum. The book depicts life in the totalitarian regime where government not only has control over your physical body but also over your mind. I am not sure if we can compare this book to today's political situation although there are plenty of interesting predictions that are in some way prophetic. For example book describes how the government used war to create fear and fanaticism in it's individuals. How the hatred was inspired by selecting various targets in the form of enemies which could either be real or imaginary but nevertheless provided good basis for manipulating the minds of people. The book is both a science fiction and at the same time a social analysis of modern political atmoshpere. Government of 1984 motives for power was simply power in itself. I don't believe such motive will cause you to destroy human nature within your society to establish control. After all such control is analogous to farmers control over cattle which don't possess free will and are under total influence of its owner. Why would a government choose to control a mindless body of individuals, zombies that offer no interesting input to society. There must always be a degree of freedom in order for creativity to exist and progress endure. Without any channels present where individuals can let their steam out such systems will collapse on itself since members will become oblivious to the world they live in. The book mentions that government wanted to destroy human nature but in doing so it destroys the very thing that it governs. Anyway the book is a great food for thought and allows a reader many insights into modern day politics and mind set. Anyone even remotely interested in science fiction or politics or just looking for something intellectual should read it."
"1984 is a fictional novel by George Orwell. The book is a story of Orwell's prediction of the world in the future (1984). In this story, we are taken to a society that is governed by an oppressive force known as ""The Party,"" and an intangable ruler known only as ""Big Brother."" The main character, Winston Smith, spends his time throughout the novel trying to overthrow The Party and Big Brother, while running from the ""Thought Police,"" a justice department that monitors the thoughts of citizens of Oceana, the predicted future state of London, England. Winston fails in his attempts. He is captured, set up by people whom he believed to be on his side, and is later brainwashed into loving and following Big Brother.Great attitude George. I truly believe that Orwell's sole purpose for writing this novel was to encourage anarchy, and to convince his readers to be subordinate to authority. Though society and government are not perfect, they are not as evil and as oppressive as Orwell made them out to be. He creates a negative Utopia in hopes to make people hate their leaders and to disagree with any form of government. It is because of people like Orwell that our nation, as well as other nations, are so dramatically torn by the opinions of citizens towards their leaders, and their leader's decisions. Also, at the end of this novel, Orwell leaves readers with a sense of hopelessness, by allowing his main character to be manipulated, tortured, and brainwashed into following what Orwell inderectly refers to as government. Let's try to be a little more optomistic, and work on a happier ending, shall we?"
"For as long as I live I will always remember the day I finished ""1984,"" the first time I read it, while seated in the back of my high school trigonometry class.  Inconsolable, I gazed over the last five words - completely devastated - and sobbed uncontrollably.In the ten or more times I have reread it since, I was no less shocked and shattered by the book's conclusion.  Ostensibly a cautionary tale about a midlevel bureaucrat assigned to help reduce the number of words in the dictionary, ""1984"" is the tragic story of Winston Smith, a freethinking, middle aged man, who through glimmers of a childhood memories and clandestine visits to ""prole"" neighborhoods (newspeak for poor), radically tries to reconcile life in a totalitarian nanny state.With the omnipresent hum of the tele-screen always present, Winston is the perfect party patsy, saluting the authorities and seething with anger at the daily ""two minutes hate"" that secretly leave our hero wondering who is the Emmanuel M. Goldstein, the object of the government's loathing.When despite medical problems too gruesome to recount and enough secret spies to fill a Le Carre novel, Winston Smith conjures up enough optimism to pursue a romantic relationship with Julia, ""1984"" takes on a frightening turn.  A devoted (or maybe not)? member of the Junior Anti-Sex League, whose signature emblem is the form-fitting sash that hugs seductively around her waistline, Julia is perhaps not the refuge Winston seeks.  Or is she?Without destroying the truly devastating ending, I would wholeheartedly recommend 1984 to anyone who is interested in politics, language, romance and government.Yes, you may be left devastated by the book's last five words, but you will certainly be left with more to think about than drying your tears.  - Regina McMenamin"
This book is by far one of the best books I've read in a long time.  It is in short the creepiest books I've ever read.  1984 is filled with all sorts of disturbing images and ideas that make you winder how stable the world really is and how easily it could fall apart.  Although it does follow the story of one mans sufferings it is almost more interesting to think about the world that he lives in.  This world full of riddles and lies is disturbing to say the least and what is even scarier fascinating.What is even more interesting is all of the symbols and ideas that run through the book.  Such as doublethink and that if you control the past you control the future.  But doublethink is by far my favorite.  I thought it was fascinating how the concept of proving a lie with a lie was evident even in the characters themselves.  Like how Winston is a lover and a hater of the Party.  These ideas make the book even more amazing.  This book is a MUST read.
"Attempt to conjure up the idea of a society where the government is always watching, like a spy.  You brush your teeth, you go to work, you eat, you talk to your spouse, you water your plants ...and they are watching.  Not only is every activity monitored, but also your deepest inner thoughts are screened, picked and prodded through for the smallest indication of rebellious thoughts.  Telescreens constantly feed propaganda from the government into unsuspecting minds.  War is just a normal incidence.  A neighbor or even a friend might turn you in to the thought police at any moment. The government is in total and complete control. You can trust no one. George Orwell created this enslaved world in the book, 1984 and put an ordinary middle class man, named Wilson, in the position of the protagonist. Wilson, an average member of this controlling society, begins to have an itch for rebellion as the novel, 1984 commences.  He has an underlying craving for freedom, of thought and expression.  He has a job that includes activities considered inappropriate by most of today's standards.  Basically, Wilson edits history to fit the beliefs and preaching of Big Brother for the populace. Wilson finds a forbidden love. He searches for a sympathizer, someone who shares his same beliefs and values.  But above all, he searches for clues about the past and the truth.  Suspense, Deceit, and Passion are foremost components in this novel. For many students and adults alike the thickness as well as the font size of the novel sends them running. Others find the genre that the paperback is placed in - Science Fiction - to be discouraging.  And many of those who do actually start reading are quickly bored.  Some, who are required to read it, hurriedly skim the pages and discontinue comprehending and processing the book.The story doesn't begin to pick up steam until about thirty pages into it. However these first pages are essential to have a complete understanding of the book. After that, Orwell adds depth and dimension to the plot that is unlike many stories.  Orwell also adroitly applies high-level vocabulary and sentence structure to his tale.  1984 is exciting and gripping with a distinctive and unforeseen ending.  It is a chilling tale of what could happen to the human race in the midst of the race for technology and an unattainable utopia.  Encrusted with many essential and important themes, every student should read it, so they can reflect on their individual lives and prevent possible future atrocities from coming to fruition.  This novel is well worth anyone's time and thought.  It is not just your average run-of-the-mill science fiction story that will captivate only the Trekkies among us.  1984 is thought provoking as well as emotionally stimulating.  This narrative, written more than half a century ago, still applies today.  It ends in a unique and unpredictable way."
"This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch. With his descriptive depiction of the future, Orwell really puts the fear into the reader's heart. With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime, Orwell's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s.The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today. With America's War on Terrorism, the Bush Administration has started restricting American's basic civil liberties, such as a right to trial. This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell. Still if this book has one message, it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish, not taken for granted. This book is a crystal ball into our country's future and deserves to be read. The founders of our Constitution would be appalled at the current state of the USA and what the Bush cabal is doing to it/us.The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them. In this time (2001), we have our ""Two Minutes Hate"" with Osama bin Laden. Newspeak, the language created by the ruling party in 1984, is amazingly detailed and seems feasible in light of our dyslexic Bushisms.It is based on the English language, and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year. An appendix, included in the book, enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language, and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it. To bad it can't be updated with all the words our low IQ president has created.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about (e.g., thought control) are done in a quite blatant way in the book. In the real world of the 20th/21st century they're done, only much more subtly. That way, we don't know they being perpetrated on us. But with the Patriot Act, the boldness is destroying our Constitution.Here's how 1984 applies to current events:WAR IS PEACEThe new ""War on Terrorism"" is being sold as a guarantor or our safety. While this war is being waged, we're to accept permanent war as a fact of life. As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas, we are told to go back to ""living our lives.""FREEDOM IS SLAVERY""Freedom itself was attacked,"" Bush said. He's right, though here's the twist: Americans are losing many of their most cherished freedoms in a frenzy of paranoid legislation. The government wants to tap our phones, read our email and seize our credit card records without court order. Further, it wants authority to detain and deport immigrants without cause or trial. To save freedom, we have to destroy it.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTHAmerica's ""new war"" against terrorism will be fought with unprecedented secrecy, including press restrictions not seen for years, the Pentagon has advised.When you read this book, you'll be better able to see the signs around you. The world portrayed by Orwell is `HERE AND NOW.""If you think it's all a conspiracy... then check out these books also:  I just read a copy of Edgar Fouche's 'Alien Rapture,' which also blew me away. Fouche was a Top Secret Black Program `insider', whose credibility has been verified over and over.  Want to be shocked, check out Dr. Paul Hill's 'Unconventional Flying Objects' which NASA tried to ban, and always read the Amazon reviews."
"I did not really enjoy this book, it was way to far feched. I give it a three because George Orwell has a great emajination<(spell?).This is a good book if you want to read about a guy and his mission for un protected sex.That is all, I guess it just wasnt my cup o' tea."
"George Orwell's classic novel, 1984 is one of the most thought-provoking books I have ever read.  It deals with a totalitarian government that has complete control over the populace, right down to their thoughts! The government even has the Thought Police, which make sure everyone is doing everything solely for the benefit of the government.  Telescreens constantly monitor them to make sure they are doing everything for the good of the ""Party.""Orwell's novel illustrates the basic human need for freedom through the main character, Winston Smith who begins the dangerous practice of questioning the government and trying to find one of the main rebels of the government, Goldstein.  The book tells of his struggle to overthrow the government and how he tries to rebel against it.Orwell dives deep into the logic of how to control a populace under wartime conditions by constantly keeping them active for the cause of having their country win the war and not being able to think of any ulterior motives. He also shows how perpetually being at war helps to waste resources, so people have just enough to survive and won't become too comfortable. If they became too comfortable they might start thinking and thinking is dangerous to a totalitarian government. An example of how resources are wasted is any extra metal is used for ships or any extra rubber for raincoats, therefore making luxury obsolete.He also writes about different totalitarian governments like Nazi Germany and Stalinist Russia and where their mistakes were in attaining absolute power. He points out that both these regimes started off tough, but as time went on got laxer and laxer until the people revolted.  Orwell also dives deep into government propaganda and how that shapes the attitude of humans by constantly bombarding them with one thing over and over until it becomes fact or reality.  Through exploring the propaganda in 1984, he shows us the need to trust our government, but verify what it says in order that we won't get taken advantage of.He also explores how, in his book, humans can be taught one thing, but when the government says so, switch to believing something totally opposite. He does this under a principle called doublethink. Two examples of this from the book are that people are taught 2+2=4 but then can switch to knowing 2+2=5, completely denying that it ever equaled 4.  He also shows the importance of keeping accurate and undoctored records so that if an event occurred, the facts cannot be changed to hide blame or recognition or tossed down the memory hole, simply to be forgotten.  This is done often in 1984 so that the government will always look right and infallible and people will always believe that they are.In conclusion, this novel will profoundly change how you view government and will also make you realize how important your civil rights are.  I would not recommend this book to anyone under 13 or 14 because it has some sexual content."
"1984 is very likely the most important political novel of all time.  George Orwell's classic essentially seeks to portray life in what amounts to the ultimate totalitarian state.  The most terrifying thing about the novel is that nothing in it is at all far-fetched.  Other totalitarian states have approached Orwell's ""Oceania"" in the thoroughness of their oppression and the ruthlessness of their grip on power.  Soviet Russia, Maoist China, and Nazi Germany all come to mind, and all shared many traits with Orwell's fictional tyranny. In 1984 Orwell describes precisely how the ultimate totalitarian state would operate, what life under it would be like, and why it might never be possible for human beings to overthrow it.The novel shows life through the eyes of one individual, Winston Smith, a citizen of Oceania, living in Britain, now renamed ""Airstrip One.""  Life in Oceania is unspeakably bleak, with even most of the elite living at or near the poverty line.  Shortages of everything are the norm, as the government controls all aspects of the economy with no free market even dreamed of.  Love is forbidden other than love of the ""Party"" and ""Big Brother,"" the Party's leader.  Loyalty to the Party is enforced by the Thought Police, whose job is to ferret out anyone who does not conform to the requirements of fealty and single-minded devotedness to the Party.  Since Winston is such a one, in the novel he is in trouble.  By the way, despite being a political novel intended to make a point, 1984 is also a very readable story in its own right.  Orwell's prose is excellent, and the storyline moves along briskly.  This is a very dark story, however, with suffering characters and an unspeakably bleak outlook.  Part of this is said to be reflective of the fact that Orwell himself was in failing health when he wrote the novel.  In any case, this is not an uplifting novel, for all its importance.  The theme of the novel is more or less summarized when a Party leader explains to Winston that the image of the world for the rest of all time, may be summarized as a booted foot stomping on a human face.1984 has had a powerful effect on Western political thought, as a warning about the effects of giving government too much power.  Concepts such as the ""Thought Police,""  ""Doublethink"" and other artifacts of the novel have passed into common usage and political discussion.  This is a very important novel that shows what could happen to mankind if we fail to nurture and cherish liberty and freedom, and instead allow government to dominate our lives."
"More or less, most things that could be said about this book, have been.  So, I'm going to limit it to an interesting coincedence that I found between 1984 and current day America.  The coincedence is that between Goldstein's ""The Book""(a ""history"" & sociology text on the party systems/countries in 1984) and modern political books.  I'm referring to the glut of books on the market these days like Franken's and Coulter's and Savage's and on and on.  The scary  thing to me about The Book is Winston's reaction to it.  He reads it, finds his views validated, and then, ego sated, he goes to sleep and thusly delivers himself into the hands of the Thought Police.  Modern political rantings seem to have a similar soporific effect on many people.  They buy a book that they know they will agree to a high degree with, read it, congratulate themselves on being active, and then fall to even greater passivity.  All one has to do is compare the sales figures of political books to voter turnout on both ends of the spectrum, and you'll see what I mean.  Don't get me wrong, I don't believe that everyone is this way, but I've seen enough of it to catch my attention.  This seems to be the real lesson to me, that most people will become sheep if their basic needs are met while they are simultaneously kept under a wet blanket of fear & suspicion.  Most people in the world of 1984 simply needed security and food, while Winston and Julia required varying degrees of manufactured rebellion and love/sex before they were comfortable enough to surrender."
"Although slow at the start one cannot help, but be swept up in the events that transpire in Orwell's 1984; most especially because of the potentiality of them to arise in any societal faction.  The story line and its climax are not necessarily what draws the reader in, but instead the possible reality of the situation portrayed.  Moreover, although one tends to lean more towards the ""this could never happen"" scenario what's disturbing is how easily a mass of people can be lead like a more inferior animal such as a sheep.  Disturbing events in history, most poignantly the Holocaust, only support the docile nature of the human being as a whole.  This novel was more thought provoking than literally captivating.  It's the questions that are posed at the conclusion of the novel that make it a must read even more than the words between the cover."
"This books is a classic! It is very visionary and rightly predicts some societal trends towards totalitarianism. It is highly pessimistic, so don't expect a happy ending!!!!I disbelieve the claims that this book is written against religion. In the book, the Ruling Party, which is viewed negatively, is against religion--as we would define it. I find it much more probable to take the simple interpretation--it is written against political totalitarianism. Sure, atheists might like to have a good book like 1984 to trump their cause, but this book can not be understood properly within its literal/historical context without realizing that it strongly eludes to Soviet-style Communism and political totalitarianism in general."
"This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch. With his descriptive depiction of the future, Orwell really puts the fear into the reader's heart. With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime, Orwell's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s.The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today. With America's War on Terrorism, the Bush Administration has started restricting American's basic civil liberties, such as a right to trial. This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell. Still if this book has one message, it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish, not taken for granted. This book is a crystal ball into our country's future and deserves to be read. The founders of our Constitution would be appalled at the current state of the USA and what the Bush cabal is doing to it/us.The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them. In this time (2001), we have our ""Two Minutes Hate"" with Osama bin Laden. Newspeak, the language created by the ruling party in 1984, is amazingly detailed and seems feasible in light of our dyslexic Bushisms.It is based on the English language, and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year. An appendix, included in the book, enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language, and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it. To bad it can't be updated with all the words our low IQ president has created.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about (e.g., thought control) are done in a quite blatant way in the book. In the real world of the 20th/21st century they're done, only much more subtly. That way, we don't know they being perpetrated on us. But with the Patriot Act, the boldness is destroying our Constitution.Here's how 1984 applies to current events:WAR IS PEACEThe new ""War on Terrorism"" is being sold as a guarantor or our safety. While this war is being waged, we're to accept permanent war as a fact of life. As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas, we are told to go back to ""living our lives.""FREEDOM IS SLAVERY""Freedom itself was attacked,"" Bush said. He's right, though here's the twist: Americans are losing many of their most cherished freedoms in a frenzy of paranoid legislation. The government wants to tap our phones, read our email and seize our credit card records without court order. Further, it wants authority to detain and deport immigrants without cause or trial. To save freedom, we have to destroy it.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTHAmerica's ""new war"" against terrorism will be fought with unprecedented secrecy, including press restrictions not seen for years, the Pentagon has advised.When you read this book, you'll be better able to see the signs around you. The world portrayed by Orwell is `HERE AND NOW.""If you think it's all a conspiracy... then check out these books also:  I just read a copy of Edgar Fouche's 'Alien Rapture,' which also blew me away. Fouche was a Top Secret Black Program `insider', whose credibility has been verified over and over.  Want to be shocked, check out Dr. Paul Hill's 'Unconventional Flying Objects' which NASA tried to ban, and always read the Amazon reviews."
"While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature, the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes. Thus, it doesn't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say, Michael Crichton or Stephen King. Aesthetic standards can't be grounded.Thus, don't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between ""serious"" works of literature like this one and allegedly ""lesser"" novels. The distinction is entirely illusory, because no novels are ""better"" than any others, and the concept of a ""great novel"" is an intellectual hoax. This book isn't as good as Harry Potter in MY opinion, and no one can refute me. Tastes are relative!"
"Well, not exactly Animal Farm, but the same themes are pushed to their maximum logical end. Orwell writes of a government bent on controlling the people that obviously stems from a comunist base. his stark future is frighteningly belivable and his characters are human to a fault. they live fictiotuious lives to the best of their abilities. they are individuals in a see of conformity no matter what the goverment may say.The book makes the reader aware of any numerous ways that people can be controlled. After reading it, any action heard taken by the government becomes suspect. As good literature should, it demands the reader superimpose the book onto daily life and do all they can to prevent such a future."
"This story is based on a futuristic form of government mostly based on the ideals of a communist government but taken to an extreme. Many would argue that if our own government is allowed to intrude in to our private lives through vehicles such as the ""Patriot Act"", we will continue to lose personal freedoms, and find ourselves in a 1984 situation.  This book describes a world controlled with fear and kept clean and neat by the brain washed population. All have been blinded by the shadows of big brother and kept there by an enormous army ready and willing to die for their cause. George Orwell the author of 1984 and ""Animal Farm"" displays in both books how a society controlled by a totalitarian form of government oppresses the people iti is supposed to govern. If we allow the government to take away our freedoms in the name of fighting terrorism, ""big brother"" will be here. I enjoyed the way Orwell described the people as nothing but brain washed zombies mindless and more than willing to follow without question.  The book shows how easy it is for a government to lie to its people, and manipulate them. This book speaks a lot of truth and that's like a cold bucket of water in the face in the middle of a warm slow peaceful dream. The way he hits you with the truth of what could happen if a government is allowed to ru amock.  This book should be required reading for all freedom loving Americans.  Overall this book was an absolute delight to read it was interesting and suspenseful."
"I can understand that maybe in the wake of Nazism and under the continuation of Stalinism, the message of this book might have seemed more relevant than it in fact is. Looking past that overplayed message, though, it's difficult to detect the kind of substance, complexity of theme and depth of character which ought to make a classic. The writing is decent, but it's time to stop touting it as something everyone should read. There's no need whatsoever to read it; get the three-sentence summary from someone who has: ""This novel is about a totalitarian state. The abstract totalitarian authority figure is called 'big brother.' Totalitarianism is bad."" But it's not as though that message needs to get spread around these days.As a seperate criticism, never minding that the message it obvious, it has quite a few weaknesses. Presenting the top five reasons why the scenario in this book would never, ever come about:5) This is the English we're talking about, and they don't put up with much. I mean, they're too cool for a constitution; they've got by so far on _common law_. They've had totalitarian rulers, and when they got to be too much of a load to bear, they were beheaded.4) If children were responsible for detecting unpariotic leanings in their parents, given the usual state of parent-child relations, the secret police would recieve upwards of six thousand false reports a day, and the department would collapse.3) Aesthetics. People would complain of sexism and demand a 'big sister.' As ideals of beauty changed and people decided that Big Brother's omnipresent facade was unnatractive (too fat, maybe) they would lose all respect for him.2) Corruption. The evil in this book is some sort of abstract, monolithic thing, but there are concievably real people behind it. Give a group of real people control of the hearts and minds of a country, and it won't be long before there's only one of them. He will eventually die. Chaos will follow.1) Inefficiency. ""Johnson, the spy camera in living unit 3J07 has been offline for six weeks; I thought you were going to take a look at it."" ""I ordered the parts, sir; I don't know what went wrong. It's not my fault."" ""Fleming, have you recieved an order for spy camera parts?"" ""It's difficult to say, sir. Not my department. You'll have to talk to Roberts, and he just left on vacation.""If you want proof, just look at how quickly Nazism (and even Stalinism, though it was more persistent) fell apart. No pure system can survive for long."
"[...]  As for Orwell, I recommend ""Keep the Aspidistra Flying"" more highly than ""1984"". But if you must read something dreary, Kafka is more profound and more imaginative (in my opinion).nston believes that there is another man who believes that the party is a fraud, his name is O?Brian.  He helps them join into the brotherhood.  The only problem with all of this is that they are all being watched and heard by the telescreens that are set up everywhere.  The party has set up divisions within themselves to stop such things as thought crimes, and other things.  Anything could give you away may it be a twitch, or your heart beats too fast.  The type of conflict in the story is person vs. society; it is Winston and some of his friends against the world.  I think that this book is really good and shows some of the conflicts that we face in our own lives today.  Sometimes we feel like we want to get away from it all, but we are still being watched.  We still end up finding places that we think are safe to speak our minds and safe to act as we wish but find that we are still being watched and being seen.  In the book Winston and Julia think that they have found the perfect place to be alone and do as they please but find that they are still not by themselves, they are still watched which is the cause of there downfall.  The book showed a relation to Christianity because of the fact that there was a higher power that no one could see or touch, but all felt was there.  The Big Brother character of the book is like a god to the people of London in the story.  Winston and Julia are the ones who feel like the party has too many rules and cannot be tolerated.  Just like in life, a lot of people feel that Christianity has too many rules and is too overpowering.  Christianity is a force like the party, it will never be defeated, and it will always be there.  In the book Winston feels like the proletarians (common people outside the party) are the only ones who could defeat the party.  I think the proletarians are like us, we just accept Christianity and do not question it.  We figure that God is a force that should not be reckoned with so we do not object to it.  Only a few people think that Christianity is untrue like how Winston feels about the party.  1984 was written in a 3rd person point of view and in a very descriptive point of view.  I would give this book a rating of eight on a scale of one-ten, one being the highest and ten being the lowest.  It showed how life could have been in 1984, although almost none of the things were accurate it still showed the conflicts of life, and the conflicts of trying to be different.  I recommend this book to any one from twelve to any age over that.  It is a tough book to read because of all the in depth description of everything but should be read by everyone."
"This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch. With his descriptive depiction of the future, Orwell really puts the fear into the reader's heart. With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime, Orwell's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s.The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today. With America's War on Terrorism, the Bush Administration has started restricting American's basic civil liberties, such as a right to trial. This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell. Still if this book has one message, it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish, not taken for granted.This book is a crystal ball into our country's future and deserves to be read. The founders of our Constitution would be appalled at the current state of the USA and what the Bush cabal is doing to it/us.The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them. In this time (2001), we have our ""Two Minutes Hate"" with Osama bin Laden. Newspeak, the language created by the ruling party in 1984, is amazingly detailed and seems feasible in light of our dyslexic Bushisms. It is based on the English language, and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year. An appendix, included in the book, enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language, and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it. To bad it can't be updated with all the words our low IQ president has created.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about (e.g., thought control) are done in a quite blatant way in the book. In the real world of the 20th/21st century they're done, only much more subtly. That way, we don't know they being perpetrated on us. But with the Patriot Act, the boldness is destroying our Constitution.Here's how 1984 applies to current events:WAR IS PEACEThe new ""War on Terrorism"" is being sold as a guarantor or our safety. While this war is being waged, we're to accept permanent war as a fact of life. As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas, we are told to go back to ""living our lives.""FREEDOM IS SLAVERY""Freedom itself was attacked,"" Bush said. He's right, though here's the twist: Americans are losing many of their most cherished freedoms in a frenzy of paranoid legislation. The government wants to tap our phones, read our email and seize our credit card records without court order. Further, it wants authority to detain and deport immigrants without cause or trial. To save freedom, we have to destroy it.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTHAmerica's ""new war"" against terrorism will be fought with unprecedented secrecy, including press restrictions not seen for years, the Pentagon has advised.When you read this book, you'll be better able to see the signs around you. The world portrayed by Orwell is `HERE AND NOW.""If you think it's all a conspiracy... then check out these books also:  I just read a copy of Edgar Fouche's 'Alien Rapture,' which also blew me away. Fouche was a Top Secret Black Program `insider', whose credibility has been verified over and over.  Want to be shocked, check out Dr. Paul Hill's 'Unconventional Flying Objects' which NASA tried to ban, and always read the Amazon reviews."
"Like most kids, I was forced to read 1984 in high school.  Like other books I was forced to read, I was predisposed to dislike it.  Compelled reading is rarely fun - especially when the book has a ""message.""  Coming back to 1984 all these years later, I am struck not only by how spot-on Orwell is in his analysis of human society, but what a good read the book is in its own right.There is a tendency to be snobbish in literature.  1984 CAN'T be a science fiction book because science fiction books are trash.  1984 is not trash, therefore it is not science fiction.  This is Orwell's principal of ""doublethink"" in action.  Not only is 1984 science fiction, it is the best dystopian novel ever written (I would place Fahrenheit 451 in second place - something about books with numbers in the title).  Orwell vividly creates a nightmare vision of the future more realistic than anything we've seen before.  The future in London does not look advanced because technology has stopped.  The telescreens are the only omnipresent gadget.  Instead London looks like what it is - a destroyed Victorian England.It is hard to come to 1984 fresh because so many of the terms Orwell invents have become iconic: Big Brother (is watching you), Three Minutes Hate, Doublethink, Newspeak, Thoughtcrime, The Thought Police, and Room 101.  I won't go so far as to say that 1984 is coming true - in many ways, humanity is going in the opposite direction - but it is unsettling how many things are coming true.  Are there not TV screens everywhere and don't they watch us as much as we watch them.  Revisionist historians are all around and, as the Party says, ""who controls the present, controls the past.""  Is modern politics possible at all without Newspeak and Doublethink?  In Iraq, until recently, it was the face of Sadam Hussein that was everywhere watching everyone and that face bears a remarkable resemblance to Big Brother.It's easy to equate the Party in 1984 with our current government, but I think that is a bit too simplistic.  What makes Orwell more than merely a liberal is his pessimism about everyone.  ""The only reason for power is power.""  It doesn't matter who is in control - it is all doublethink.  What makes 1984 truly great is that we are not given a happy ending.  Orwell is not a humanist - humanity doesn't stand a chance against the Party.  Instead, our vision of the future is ""a boot stepping on a human face-forever."""
"1984 is just one of those books I've always wanted to read.  Although I had never heard anybody talk about it for long, or anything other than the phraes ""Big Brother is Watching You,"" the fact that I heard it referred to everywhere as a good book.  While browsing at Barnes & Noble, I saw it and decided to pick it up and, suffice to say, I'm glad I did.Orwell's use of character development in 1984 is on par with the astounding work done in Animal Farm.  In a sense, you aren't just reading about Winston Smith, you ARE Winston Smith.  Every thought, every nuance of his mind, is so clearly conveyed that you can't help but feel like you're there right along with him.The negative utopia dreamed up by Orwell is astounding in both its shocking nature and it's beleivability.  It's a world where everybody either has a government job or is an outcast.  A world of a vast caste system that is all too beleivable.  A world where the all-pervasive government can, for all intents and purposes, alter the past, the present, and reality itself.  Their control over the minds of the citizens of Oceania is so great that they have no choice but to accept without question what the aprt says, or be eliminated.Let me get one thing straight: This book is not a happy one.  It displays a party who can and does shred every remain of human dignity.  You will leave this book not with a sense of happiness, but with a sense of awe.  The shocking tale held within the pages of this book is one of the finest peices of modern literature ever written.  I'll leave it at that."
"Brandon Alspaugh's review is by far the most intelligent of all the reviews, but he really missed the point.  In 1945, Orwell saw the signs of things to come.  He was not a prophet in the sense of the Old Testament prophets but a man who could relate seemingly unrelated things, what we used to call prescient.  1984 was a year arbitrarily chosen.  Of course, some things had come true by 1984, and others had not and never would.  One big mistake Orwell made was to make Big Brother an appendage of the government.  Alspaugh is exactly right that Big Brother is the media.  He's a little skewed in leaving out the rest of the media and concentrating on Fox, but he has the idea.  The chief notion of the book is embodied in the character of Winston Smith and his occupation, which is the rewriting of history.  As an historian, I am vividly aware of how much history has been rewritten in the past half century by the revisionists.  But we may yet escape the world of 1984.  There is in the making a rebellion of the proles.  They are beginning to object to themanipulation of facts by the media.  There are some things the proles know, and they will not accept alternative ""facts.""  Odd, isn't it, that the folks who think for themselves these days are not the most educated class?"
"I believe there are some people--many of whom are artists-- who arrive on this earth to warn us of the future. George Orwell--a Humanistic Socialist--is one of those people. I write in the present tense because although Mr. Orwell has left us, his masterpiece works such as 1984 and Animal Farm, remain, and probably will--as all great artistic works--for a very long time.The warning that 1984 represents is that of impending dystopia--evil in its abject, Senseless, Self-Serving brutality--that threatens to take hold of our human society whenever people become complacent. The question is will we heed the warnings and begin taking responsibility for creating heaven on earth-- or will we wallow in this dangerous complacency and thereby enable the bullies to take over for the sheer love of power?"
"George Orwell (Eric Arthur Blair) was born in 1903 in India, a part of the British Empire. His father worked in the Indian Civil Service. His family was part of the British middle class and could send Eric Blair for education at Eton, a famous public school in England. After Eton, Eric joined the Indian Imperial Police and he served five years in Burma. He resigned in 1927 as he disliked the political system which treated other races as inferior. He also wanted to concentrate on being a writer.Eric Blair decided to move away from the relatively privileged and pleasant life of the middle class and join the working class. He, therefore, changed his name to George Orwell. He then went to live with the poor in London and Paris, whom he considered to be victims of injustice. He wrote the book ""Down and Out in Paris and London' in an attempt to educate the wealthy class about the life which poor people lived.In ""1984"", George Orwell continues on his theme of exposing the lie about the life under dictatorship and draws attention to it. He was able to detect fraud and dishonesty in the world of politics. He wanted to expose the lies and contradictions in politics. He exposes the sense of injustice, an exposition of the way a political system can suppress individual thought and emotion and how man can behave in inhuman ways towards other people.The author writes about a basic lie (in his opinion0 in which an imaginary England of 1984 was based on. The Party (a one party state) emphasised that there was no such thing as objective truth but that everything could be changed. The Party could, for instance, change the past at a moment's notice.Winston Smith is a member of the Party, which constitutes a small percentage of the population. He works at the Ministry of Truth and his job is in the Records Department of the Ministry. His job is to manipulate records at the whims of the Party. In writing ""1984"", George Orwell aims at exposing the inhuman nature of political oppression.Orwell published ""1984"" in 1949, a year before he died. He was very ill during the time he was writing and this partly explains why the book is so gloomy. The book is recommended reading for those who want to understand the nature of political oppression and manipulation and those that wish to understand the evil nature of dictatorship."
"Orwell writes a wonderfully disturbing story about totalitarianism.  The characters were interesting and the story is a little creepy, but it is a fascinating read.  And Orwell has a wonderful grasp of language.  On the downside, the middle does drag on because it's more of a political treatise or arguement instead of a story."
"Because if he were alive, I would gladly murder him. That's how much I hated this book. Never has a story angered me so much. Never have I felt so livid towards a set of characters. Never have I felt so utterly depressed, hopeless, and betrayed. All of this, of course, can only mean one thing. It's the greatest book I have ever read in my life. The truths are so beautifully structured that it brings one to tears. There's no doubt that Mr. Orwell could have been the most miserably, bitter, and lonely SOB to ever walk the face of the Earth. No, much of this book did in fact turn out to be fiction, but I take little comfort in that. There's still just enough truth in it about the human condition to make me want to step into the bathroom and slit my wrists.Yes ... oh yes! EVERYBODY NEEDS TO READ THIS BOOK. This is what we are folks. This is human nature. It may not have happened yet, but the race is young. How much time do we have? Another hundred ... two hundred years? Our only hope, I think, is that maybe a huge asteroid will hit the earth and destroy the entire planet before the year 2050. That's my hope, because after reading this book, quite frankly, I no longer have any hope in anything else.Travis"
"This is the sort of book that one should not read when feeling hopeless, or with cold, gloomy weather outside. I can say this with certainty, because I was a senior in high school for the first part, and we had one of those cloudy late-winter days for the second part.Having said that, I have to say that this was an excellently written book, with its characters clearly portrayed without becoming cartoonish. The points raised in the novel were horrifyingly believable, and were just the sort of thing to grind off unrealistic ideals in youngsters... and sharpen other ideals.No, I didn't enjoy this book at all - and I am very glad that I read it, and I recommend it to anyone who believes that ""everything that a government desires is necessarily good."""
"Orwell's distopia about a secret government that monitors what you write, what you do, and even what you think was very believable. The first part sets up how the distopia functions and the consequences for defiance. I love Orwell's style. The way the character's talked was not pretentious and there were some big surprises too!The book drags on a little in the beginning when its going through the distopia, but it picks up after the defiance begins. The defiance comes in the form of a romance between the characters, who have to constantly look over their shoulders for Big Brother. The romance is very well done and even beautiful in its own way.At the end, you can tell the author is instilling his own views about a corrupt government. Yet, the way Orwell writes his ideas fit in the context of the book without shoving them in your face. I wont reveal anything else because I want your heart to jump like mine did when I read it!!The book was very compelling, captivating, disturbing, thought provoking, and enjoyable. I dont think its for everyone... its intense and even depressing, esp. at the end. I loved it though and I would definitely reccomend it to you. :)"
"George Orwell is the name of a modern equivalent of a prophet. He deciphered the writing on the wall and adapted it to novel form.When I read this book I could practically see, smell, taste and detect the sterility  of his surroundings as well as sense Winston's numbness. Not only masterfully crafted, it is stark and chilling social commentary. Had I not learned better by reading this book itself I might have deemed it required reading.In my view Orwell offers what could possibly be seen as a critique of Ayn Rand's warnings of collectivism and redirects her warning at authoritarianism.Recommended companion reading: Orwell's other classic ""Animal Farm"" and Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World""."
"1984 is a book of great importance, no matter the time or socio-political period that we live in.  It is a bizarre and somewhat scary piece of literature that relates closer to our current social situation than one may think.  I am a college student who has just read this book for the first time.  The parallels between Big Brother and our current political administration is astounding, I had no idea.  I would recommend this book for everyone.  This book makes the reader think critically about our current political environment."
"If I were to give this book the review it deserved I'd be here for a week and Amazon would have to split off a new website just to handle the size.  So I'll just say this...1984 is beyond important, it is a masterpiece of relevance no matter the year you read it in.  If you are being forced to read this book, don't worry.  Don't be intimidated.  This is one very weird, very scary, and very entertaining book.  Orwell is a master at setting the creepy tone of a world without freedom, where you know that everything you do is scrutinized by unseen eyes.  Yes there's definitely a strong message that is coming across.  Look a little closer at the story and you'll find a potent argument against Communism, Fascism, Totalinarianism, and many more political -isms.  I can't promote this book enough.  It is timeless.  It is horrifying.  And it is real.  And please forgive a total stranger for offering advice, but if you haven't read it yet, you need to."
"From the very first sentence to the last, this book held me on with wide eyes of horror and enthrallment, and a mouth drawn stupidly open at the books prophetic, almost clairvoyant vision of the future, at the magnificent power it holds within the text, the pages. When I finished, I closed the book, put it aside, and went to bed. It had such a profound, powerful, overwhelming effect on me, that I could not really think straight; it was overall depressing, and it left me spellbound. And I know, if you read it, it will leave you the same way too.The year is 1984.The world is now divided into only 3 main sections: Eurasia, Eastasia, and Oceania--the main setting of the story. There is no such thing as the U.S.A. or Canada or Australia or China anymore. It's all in those 3 divided places: Eurasia, Eastasia, and Oceania.The entire world is under the terrible, unbreakable grip of totalinarialism.Theres communism, of course...and theres totalinarialism...which is very much worse. While communists control most aspects of life for their people...totalinarialism controls ALL aspects of life for their people...and now in 1984, I don't know if it is sane or rational to call them 'people' anymore...it would be more fitting to call them, their 'slaves.'Everything is controlled by the Party or the main government system, with Big Brother, an ominous, mysterious creature being at the top of everything. Big Brother is eternal. Big Brother is invincible. Big Brother never dies. Big Brother will never die. Big Brother is watching you. Everywhere you look, every corner you possibly turn, everywhere you are, he is listening...and watching you...watching you to see if you make any mistakes, break any rules. If possibly, you are against the party, against Big Brother. To see if you commit any 'thought crimes', which are negative thoughts towards the party and Big Brother or thoughts of rebellion and rivalry towards them. They scan every possible inch of your face. From the emotion flickering in your eyes, from the gesture of your mouth and nose and skin contractions, from the actions of your throat...to see if there is any evil, any rebellion, any thoughts of hate toward the Party. For the party is invincible. Big Brother is invincible. They control you. You must obey them. Or else.But even if the thought police somehow don't catch you in the act of thought crime, there are always your sons or daughters, who will turn you in. There is no morality anymore in 1984. There is no sanity. There is no rationality. There is no freedom. That is all in the past...and the past is long gone forever.Now everything is based on these three rules of the Party:WAR IS PEACEFREEDOM IS SLAVERYIGNORANCE IS STRENGTHwhich are all examples of 'doublethink'(which I will explain a little later).It is the year 1984. And by then all Hell has broken loose...There is no such thing as 'plain English' anymore. That is known now in 1984, as 'Old Speak.' Now, there is something new and better and more efficient; something invented by the Party so that people will have less ways of speaking and writing and comprehending words; thus less thougths; thus again, less possibilities of negative, rebelling thoughts toward the Party. And that is Newspeak. Newspeak is the official language of Oceania, and to put it basically, is a deeply cut down and edited version of English or 'Old Speak.'For example, there are no adverbs anymore(quietly, peacefully, quickly, profoundly, words mostly ending in ly)and there are no synonyms of normal, everyday words, such as, 'splendin' or 'wonderful' or 'magnificent' all rooting back to the same thing; the same word; the same meaning, which is 'good.' Instead, to describe something 'very good' or as we call it, 'excelling' or 'exceptionally good', great in fact--they add a plus to the word good, to magnify it, if it needs it. Thus plusgood or very good, or doubleplusgood, meaning very very good, great, and so on.Every year more and more words are edited swifly and more and more words are 'vaporized' forever from the language--thus less words, less thoughts. In every way you could imagine, the Party, ultimately Big Brother is controlling all aspects of life, from the language, the way you talk, your thoughts, the way you think--with Doublethink(a mind technique where 2 contradictings thoughts come into one, and you accept both. For example, lets say you were a boy in actuality, but you used doublethink to think you are a girl, always have been a girl since you were born. You would need to have those 2 contradictings thoughts: ""I am a girl"" even though deep inside somewhere, you know ""I am a boy"", at once, accepting both. It even takes you to use doublethink in order to understand the concept, in the first place)where you live, always watching and listening what you are doing, and everything else in between. Life, humanity--mankind, as we know it--is going down the drain; blinded by pride, jealousy, selfishness. Trying to keep their audience as far from the truth of things, by keeping them afraid, paranoid, controlled; always with the sense of being watched and heard. Always.Now comes the protagonist of this horrific tale; Winston Smith. He is a middle-aged man, with a varicose ulcer on his ankle, and works for the Ministry of Truth. Or in actuality, since that is of course, an example of 'doublethink', it should be called, instead, 'The Ministry of Lies.' He is a reasonably normal, lonely, distraught man, with a secret. Which is a thought crime. He hates Big Brother. He hates the party. He wants to bring Big Brother down. He wants to bring down the party down. Down with Big Brother! he had written over and over in his diary. Down with Big Brother!When he meets O'Brien, one of his co-workers, his dream comes closer to actuality being commited to reality, and when he once again, meets the love of his life, Julia--the space from his dream and reality is magnified again, and so, he is one rung higher up the ladder from achieving what he wants. Which is, to throw down the party, to throw down Big Brother. Down with Big Brother!But the party is invincible...Big Brother is invisible...He is always watching...Always listening....no matter what........Big Brother is watching you.Although 1984, has long come and gone, Orwells nightmare vision of the future of man fate, under the terrible grip of totalinarialism and it's nasty results, stay as timely as ever, standing all by itself, as one of the greatest novels of all time.Like how it was quoted from the front flap of a hardcover edition of this book:""As timely as the label on a bottle of poison."""
there is a reason that this novel is still considered cutting-edge.
"1984 is probably the best book out there. I cant believe how George Orwell comes up with this stuff. He desribes a world free form love, emotions, and privacy. His great use of charactres and plot makes the book a page-turner. I also believe that George is describing our wourld in the futre. If our civilization keeps doing what we are doing our would is going to end up like 1984."
"Of all of George Orwell's works, ""1984"" must rank as his most famous, most known and most read book - and with good reason too. It depicts a society under the iron grip of a totalitarian terror state, where the Thought Police are in control, and the population is held under the mystical will of ""Big Brother"", the unseen leader of the ruling party. Orwell's protagonist, Winston Smith, is incredibly unique in the sense that he enacts a rebellion, and demonstrates a small vestige of free thought that one believes has been completely eradicated by the Party.As a lower-level propagandist in the Ministry of Truth, Winston is a participant in the very system that he believes himself to be rebelling against. His duties include disposing of unwanted, or potentially dangerous historical facts, and the alteration of past newspaper articles to suit the line of he Party. This can range from the amount of chocolate in the week's ration, to the wartime enemies of the state. Nothing in Winston's world, is what it seems. Orwell's masterful prose takes the reader through the progessive stages of Winston's ""rebellion"", from his writing of ""Down with Big Brother"" in his secretive diary, to his love affair with Julia, a co-worker at the Ministry of Truth - and a notorious philanderer (this however, is pleasing to Winston!)Orwell makes excellent use of the contrasting themes of hope and despair to weave a complex tapestry of Oceania's political system. As it turns out, Winston's perceived success is a mere illusion, as he finds himself unable to trust any of his fellow citizens (the Thought Police are personified in a humble, ageing shopkeeper, who reveals himself upon having gained Winston's trust). The tragedy of Orwell's novel is that whatever hope is created by Winston's rebellious actions (such as his dissent in his diary, his affair with Julia, his enquiries about the past times) is countered by the overwhelming revelation that the omnipotence of the Party is unsurpassed. The reader could even conclude that Winston was lead from the nose by the very system he believed he was challenging.The novel ends on a grim note, with Winston experiencing frightful torture in the chambers of the Ministry of Love, and reconditioned as yet another mindless, thoughtless and conforming pawn in the never-ending game played by the Party upon it's own people.Orwell's tragic novel also had political relevance in reality. Written in 1948 (hence the title), Orwell was in fact writing a searing indictment of a totalitarian system that is the identical twin of that depicted in these pages - Stalinist Russia (Big Brother's description is a mirror image of Stalin). Stalin's reign of state-sanctioned terror, brutality and thuggery lasted from 1929 until his death in 1953, and during the Second World War (when the Soviet Union was the ally of Great Britain and the USA against Nazi Germany), Orwell was one of the few British political commentators who had the courage and will power to reveal the true nature of their so-called ""ally"". Through reading Orwell's masterpiece, one can draw a solid conclusion as to how life was in Stalin's terror state 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.Orwell's most endearing work is testimony to the value of human liberty and why we should never let it be wrested from us."
"I'm always struck by the dichotomous reactions to 1984. Some will claim it's brilliantly written, others that it's horribly written. Some paint it as an attack on socialism, others as a brilliant satire of modern republican democracy. I find it utterly terrifying if only because its ideas run further into the fabric of our society than most people know; that because there are no posters for Ingsoc on the walls they assume there is not one stamped indelibly in their mind.Or, to put the point lucidly, the horror of 1984 isn't the telescreens and rocket bombs, nor is it even the Thought Police. The horror is the idea, and the idea is still being fought against even today.I suppose first of all I should consider the writing. It's fantastic. It's subtle. It's appropriate. From the very first sentence 'the clock struck thirteen' the reader is informed something is very *wrong* here. Clocks do not strike thirteen; they strike twelve. It's as common as green lights meaning go. From the very beginning an undercurrent of wrongness is present. Orwell also maintains the difficult proposition of keeping his writing limited to the point of view of Winston while at the same time trying to explain enough of his dystopia to make it plausible and whole.Second, its 'point'. Well, despite the unfortunate name given, Ingsoc (or 'English Socialism') is no more proper socialism than it is facism, or republicanism. All three rely on a precariously perched ruling class and a shortage of the necessities of life. Unfortunately too many were influenced by the satire of 'Animal Farm' and its seemingly obvious parallels to the Soviet Union (try this fun game; the old pig is not Lenin but Franklin. Snowball, rather than Trotsky, is Jefferson and his ideological children. Napoleon is not Stalin but Alexander Hamilton. Insert names as needed. The true genius of 'Animal Farm' is that its archetypes can be filled by the proper people/ideologies of almost any modern government.) This book isn't about the Soviet Union. The SU is, if anything, infinitely preferable.Orwell is attempting to make the point (further explained in his essay 'Homage to Catalonia') that all government has that awful potential, and each is as likely to slide into totalitarianism as another.Totalitarianism, Orwell argues, exists at the core of all governments and, despite the best intentions of its rulers, a government is almost a living entity in and of itself, and will naturally seek to aggregate as much power to itself as possible. Whether one is ruled by an absolute monarch or a representative body this tendency remains.Perhaps the most terrifying moment occurs within the reader: when we realize that Winston Smith is a journalist, and moreso clearly a writer in the purest sense. In the world of 1984, he is what the writer has become. This is what our noble dreamers, our Shakespeares and our Platos, have been reduced to. This is what all of the words come to.Nevertheless, Winston *is* a writer. We see this in his utterly irrational need to keep his journal, to write down his thoughts, in the face of certain punishment. Perhaps a projection of Orwell himself, Winston is a writer who exemplifies all of those other doomed souls who died impoverished, unnoticed, unable to break their addiction to putting the inside of their heads down on paper. We see the horrible things 1984 has done to the writer, and the journalist, made him a heretic, a newspaperman who fabricates lies and destroys the truth.Seen in this light, Newspeak becomes all the more horrific: by destroying the very tools a writer might use, Orwell sees the death of revolution.It is a book not only of but about ideas, and its only optimism is given in Orwell's comments on human nature; that a human naturally rebels against such a state, and it may take a thousand years to destroy it, even if it is only to repeat the mistake again for another thousand. But in those moments between the terrible millennia are the small spaces allowed for such things as simple human kindness and decency, which is the surest remedy to totalitarianism as anything. When humans cease to be competitors for the material they find an almost limitless capacity for mutual understanding.Anyone interested in other dystopia would be advised to read Zamyatin's 'We', Miller's 'A Canticle for Leibowitz', and perhaps the best of all if only for its brutal insight and simplicity, Platonov's 'The Foundation Pit'."
"My name is Kevin Olson I am a senior at walla walla high school and I recently read the book 1984, I really enjoy most science fiction books, but in 1984 I had complaints about the fact that I felt like i was outside looking down on the characters instead ofbeing along side of them during the different ordeals through out the story. the mood generally seemed hopeless in both the beginning and the ending. I think that it was like a movie with a very bad ending. so if you want to watch a movie thats based on this book, but has a better ending then go ahead and watch the movie equilibrium."
I read george orwells book 1984.  I didnt really like this book due to the fact it was a total negative outlook throughout the whole book.  His prediction of the future was a little to far fetched for me.  That book wasnt really my style.  I can see this book being liked by many people so I would recommend it due to the fact everyone has different opinions.  This book being such a negative outlook of the future just wasnt what i wanted to read about.
"This book does a great job describing the society and people in it, but if you're reading it for the great action scenes, you might want to look elsewhere. This book is considered a classic for a reason. It actually makes the reader think and contemplate the future of our society compared to the one in the book. So if you're in the mood for a good sc-fi read, I would suggest reading this."
"In my World Literature class in high school, I chose to read the book 1984 as my lit. circle book. I didn't like this book very much. It was hard for me to understand, but I got through it. I also didn't like this book because it scared me a little about what the government can do right now. The book was interesting, but not the type of book I would normally pick to read. I don't recommend this book unless you like to read about ""Big Brother"" and the government watching you and knowing what you do."
"I thought George Orwell's 1984 was an ""ok"" book.  I thought the book was just a little too far fetched for me.  His prediction of 1984 was just so negative I found it really hard to get into it.  It was difficult to read simply from lack of interest.  I Think that this book may do wonders for other people though, it's just not really my style.  For the most part I've always heard good things about this novel from other people.  So just because I didn't think the book was that fantastic, don't let that stop you.  I would advise you to read this book to see if Orwell's depiction of this strange negative utopia is for you."
"Despite the extremity with which orwell depicts this totalitarian state, this story speaks at a much smaller level as well.  in a day and age where brainwashing among civilized countries is ignored despite its presence, this is an important novel.  Studies have shown how humans, like chimps, end up gaining a following when in a dominant position in society.  only 1984 shows how humans take it to the extreme.  Of course this novel does use exaggeration to stress its point.  And it does so quite effectively, I might add.  The end is fantastic, a climax that is the culmination of Smith's life."
"I read 1984 in high school, probably around 1987 or so. I had wanted to read 1984 for several years, because in the actual year of 1984 (I was 13 at the time), there was a lot of media coverage about how Orwell's ""prediction"" had not come true. (This of course is a coy oversimplification of the book.)It was very strange to me at the time; I found their repeated, incessant insistence that 1984 was pure fiction suspicious. I could not help but think: Why the hell are these people so defensive?When I read 1984 it did not strike me as particularly ""true,"" metaphorically or otherwise. I was young and had less than five years of political study. While I could see parallels between our society and Orwell's, those parallels seemed few.However, over the last 20 years, 1984 has seemed more and more truthful. A lot of my perception of this book's truthfulness stems not simply from politics, but from watching how people behave. From high school ""cliques"" to office politics to the motions of the biggest political players today, Orwell depicted how people act. He depicted the way people twist the truth and abuse power, the way they manipulate words and ideas in order to portray guilt, or innocence. And he depicted just how horribly people in large groups are capable of being. Just because he used exaggerated, fantastic metaphors does not change the simple essence of human behaviors in his stories.1984 is not a book about Communists, Capitalists or any other political system. It was not even written, at the time, to be a book about ""the future."" 1984 is a book about people. Not ""Capitalist People"" or ""Socialist People."" All people, and human nature, and the corruption and darkness and manipulation all people are capable of. It is specifically about how people behave in industrial / post industrial / media saturated / disinformation age culture. It is about how people - of any political party, whether democrat, republican, socialist or libertarian - manipulate facts, words, ideas, and ultimately, each other. It is, in this sense, the best kind of book. Because what 1984 is about was true when it was written, has been true since, and apparently will be true for decades to come. It is not just true in the United States, or China, or Russia. It's true everywhere. In this sense the story remains a relevant and important read.If you reduce the book to nothing more than a fable about YOUR political enemies and how bad THEIR system is, you are precisely the sort of manipulator - or dupe - that Orwell wrote about. And if you deny that your culture, your political party, or your agenda is part of this process, you blind yourself precisely as Orwell's characters did.And in doing so, you emphasize Orwell's points very well."
"The epitome of fiction about totalitarian states. Orwell was a socialist, however 1984 is a warning about what happens when the government, not the people, have absolute control over everything. The year is 1984 and Winston Smith is a citizen of a country called ""Oceania"" which occupies a third of the Earth's landmasses. He lives in what is called Airstrip One in a place that used to be called Great Britain. The government ominously titled ""Big Brother"" attempts (and quite successfully too) to control everything in the population right down to their very thoughts. Winston hans't fallen into this trap yet and is an outsider but only in his mind. He knows what Big Brother enforces and while he plays along with it he condemns it in his thoughts. Thus, he has committed what is called ""Thought Crime"" something punishable by death. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD. Big Brother forges the population into a 'machine', one that will elevate the party (the controlling members of the government) into almost all-powerful status. The government can control the very thoughts of it's citizens it blatantly changes past events to it's own will, which is what Winston's job is. He re-writes history for the government. History has become so muddled that it is impossible for Winston to know the real truth beyond what Big Brother says is true. He knows of at least one instance which although he can never prove, where the government was wrong, he is exposed to every single instance when Big Brother changes the past. Big Brother knows that a population must have an outlet for it's negetive emotions, for that Big Brother points to an enigmatic man named Emmanuel Goldstein, a person who supposedly was once on par with Big Brother himself then betrayed the party and is leading an active rebellion. Whether Goldstein even exists is questioned. Winston decides to join Goldstein's rebellion. 1984 is in someways prophetic even. At one point Winston meets someone in jail who was turned in for thoughtcrime by his own daughter. The ability of children to get their parents in trouble for abuse occurs today. 1984 is a must read for anyone concerned about current politics. It is also highly recommended."
"""War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is Strength""George Orwell dives into the Depths of communist society, and sees through the eyes of Winston Smith, an aging man and a member of ""The Party"" of the country of Oceania. A series of events leads Winston to the love of his life, Julia, and they both plan to join a resistance against the Party. But Winston finds out that you can't trust anyone in a communist society.Orwell did an excellent job of placing the reader in the center of the lies that is the communist government. His writing style is captivating and everything about the book is realistic and believable, everything from the brainwashing of children to the technology that was available. The book is filled with interesting twists and turns in the plot that keep the reader engrossed in an excellently told story. I found it very difficult to put this book down once I picked it up. I almost found myself awaiting the moment that I could read it again, which was a surprise. I had heard that this book was a boring political commentary, but it was far from that.Orwell slips in views on the human spirit, testing it's limits, and eventually stating that everyone has a breaking point. The dark ending to this haunting image of the future cast from his imagination back in 1949, still holds true to what people can observe in mankind today.One can can be thoroughly entertained while being enlightened at the same time. All in all 1984 is a book worth reading. Also, a short novel for younger readers I suggest is THE LOSERS CLUB by Richard Perez"
"Imagine if the only thing you had control over, or owned was your mind?  But, even that has limitations.  You are not given the freedom to love, learn, or think of yourself.  You lived your life in constant fear, knowing that Big Brother was always watching you.  This is Winston's prison.  But Winston was a ""freethinker"" - he wants to find out what life was like before the Revolution.  He is willing to risk being ""vaporized"" to find the truth.  This book is a classic, but the story is amazing - the strength to risk everything to find the truth and learn to love."
"The Man doesn't want you to read ""1984"" 'cause He can't let you know His intentions. It's all about control, man.  Look at September 11,  which was,  like many of the missile attacks in ""1984,"" staged by the US government to justify war.  The Department of Homeland Security (Orwellian in its name) and the War on Terror (in classic Oceanic fashion,  everything ""bad"" has ""terror"" and everything ""good"" has ""freedom"" in its name-- all language and understanding has been reduced to simplicity) were initiated afterwards,  amidst much doublespeak and Orwellian rheteric from the mouths of the Bush Administration.  The neverending war against Eurasia/Eastasia used to justify domestic surveillance and limitation on civil liberties in ""1984"" are mirrored in the present day by the ongoing ""War on Terror"" and its consequencial PATRIOT act that has curtailed civil liberties.  Anyone who says this book is ""dated"" or ""outdated"" is either ignorant,  blind to the condition of this great nation or working for THE MAN!!"
"This book is unrelentingly, amazingly depressing. It's absolutely graphically realistic in it's descriptions, and the story - I'm gonna give it away here - does not end happily. I read this in high school and have never forgotten it; it frightened me then and it still frightens me. The word is bleak.You should still read it. You should not only read books that give you happiness, or catharsis, or what you want; those are candy for your mind and will not tell you harsh truths. You should also read books that give you gifts you don't want, gifts that make you uncomfortable or upset or frightened. Books that point out things you'd much rather you could ignore and hope they'd go away. That's why this is a classic; not because of stupendous writing or anything else (I've seen better writing).I still hate this book. And I still gave it 4 stars."
"This book demands many readings; every time you do so you will gain something you missed (mainly because you will, hopefully, mature between each reading and thus gain heightened awareness of the subtleties of the novel).  I disagree with another reviewer who said this could never happen; anyone with a cursory knowledge of Nazi Germany or Communist Russia can tell you it almost did happen.  In Germany children denounced their parents to the Gestapo; in Russia there were purges of all political opponents.  In both countries, there was history revision to suit the government.  Hitler attempted to create a perfect society chillingly like 1984's Oceania, with all unattractive or deviant elements eliminated or pushed aside (like the proles).  Also, anyone who has read The Brothers Karamazov can see the strong influence of ""The Grand Inquisitor"" in this book.The book is terrifying not so much in its view of the future but in its climax, when the Party proves itself capable of destroying all human feeling and individuality.  Winston believes he will die hating Big Brother, and thus be free, but in the end he is killed with only love in his heart for the Party and B.B.; there can be no freedom.  The story shows Winston as the last of his kind, the last with memory of the past and hatred for the Party combined.  In the end both are eradicated; the Party controls everything.  It has the power to say 2+2=5, and can prove it so; it can repeal the laws of nature and no one can perceive it otherwise.  Winston Smith knew how to die free, but the Party destroyed even the desire to do so.  It did not kill him until it knew he was ""cured"" and loved Big Brother.  No one can be free; only the Party can exist in people's minds.Horrifying, and absolutely necessary.  This is the most important book ever written."
"Though it was published in 1949, George Orwell created an insightful look into a possible future with his writing of 1984. The story takes place in London, England in a ""super-state"" called Oceania that is perpetually at war with one of two other ""super-states"", Eurasia or Eastasia. The government, run by a figurehead party leader called Big Brother, monitors all actions, facial expressions (thus, thoughts), and conversations via ""telescreens"". Any potential threat to the government that is caught by these screens is punishable by death, and Spies or Thought Police carry out the sentence.I thoroughly enjoyed this book because of the rising and falling suspense throughout it. I expected this novel to be a dry political book, but it seemed to be one of personal change and survival in a world of conformity and unrealized oppression. The love story sub-plot running through 1984 is one of companionship and unity instead of lust and personal gain. The removal of liberty, freedom, and individuality disturbed me, but these restrictions were the driving force behind the actions taken by the two main characters.The circumstances in this novel seem to have become commonplace occurrences to some degree, and that is what seems scary in the novel. Now that there are cameras monitoring  every public place, Orwell's ""future"" doesn't seem so far-fetched. The events in the story inspire deep thought and moral reflection; I thought about this book for days after I finished it. I recommend this book to anyone. There are elements of action, drama, romance, and mystery in this novel, and it's easy to see why it is talked about after 1984 has come and gone."
"A convincing tale of social oppression, forbidden emotions, and daring thoughts, Orwell pulls the reader into his fictitious futuristic world.  His fantastic view on the year 1984 from his socialist based political opinion in 1949 is one of the most creative stories ever told.  1984 tells of the ""utopian"" society Oceana (present day England and the Americas), in which productivity is forbidden and intelligent thinking is dangerous.  In this super-power dominated by the Party and held back from progression by continuous war, Oceana's leader Big Brother is always watching every move you make.  The story follows the journey of Winston, a Party member that begins to have his own negative opinion on Ingsoc, or English socialism.  The reader is absorbed in Winston's life of dangerous individual thought, his forbidden affair, and his ever-evolving view on the oppressions of Big Brother.  Perhaps this tale is so alarming and effective because Orwell's ideas of this future society are not entirely impossible..."
"Step into a time not too far into the future-a time of hatred, lies, pain, conformity, and secrets.  Let this new and horrifying reality encompass and draw in your imagination.  This is no ordinary story.  There are no heroes, no friends, or family.  Only power, enemies, and fading hope exist.  War is a continuous part of life.  It never ends and never changes.  The past can, even, be changed or erased.  They call it a perfect world.  ""It's never been this good,"" they say.  No one objects.  No one ever rebels, or at least, those that do are never heard of again.  They just disappear.  They are wiped out of existence and forgotten.  Don't dare think of rebellion, for eyes and ears are always watching and listening.  They are waiting for you to make a mistake and give yourself away.  The smallest blink of an eye or twitch of a muscle could make you a suspect of a thought crime.  Yet, there are rumors of a group of rebels that still fight back.  Is it only false hope, or do they really exist?  There is no way of knowing.  No one can be certain of anything here.  Just do and believe what you are told.  It is the only way to stay alive. This depiction of the future is revealed in George Orwell's shocking novel, 1984.  The book is about an ordinary man named Winston Smith who is lost in the twisted world in which he lives.  Nothing is extraordinary about him.  He follows the rules and never questions his instructions.  Yet, something inside him begins to stir.  Deep within the hollows of his mind, it awakes.  It haunts his every move, thought, and dream.  The yearnings become too much for him, and he can no longer ignore them.  Determination, soon, overcomes fear, and he decides to pursue the insane desires.  However, one cannot forget that there are always sacrifices to be made in return for decisions.  The question is whether or not you are willing to make them.  This is what Winston must face.  Will he discover what is calling him, or will he turn away in fear?  Will he return to the conformity, hatred, and lies of the world?  Well, that is for you to discover. Orwell's amazing novel is thought-provoking and terrifying.  This book is definitely worth your time.  From the very first word to the very last words of the book, your imagination is captured and inspired.  Powerful imagery and symbols give unmistakable meaning to the story.  The effects of this book still stay with you long after the book is read.  If the chance is ever given, take the opportunity to get lost in Orwell's breathtaking novel."
"1984 by George Orwell was brilliant, disturbing, excellently written, depressing and most of all eerily predicting of the future.  I enjoyed reading it very much.  Orwell's writing is phenomenal.  The way he describes things is incredible and beautiful.  I admired his bold statement against socialism.  His book was extremely persuasive and should be read by all that have not yet read it.  It is a classic, yet it holds all the contemporary aspects of a newer book.  No part of this novel was unsatisfying for me.  There were no parts of the novel that did not keep me waiting for what would happen next.  This could quite possibly be my favorite book that I have read yet."
"I think anyone who creates a language (even if it's only been partially created) for his/her writing, is an absolute genius. George Orwell is no exception. The vision and ideas that he brought forth in 1984 is something that can never be copied without disastrous results. This is one of the most enjoyable books that I've ever had to read for English class.While reading this story, I have to keep telling myself that the book was written in the 1940's. It's amazing what Orwell predicted for our future and how our much better, and how much worse, the present really is. The creation of Newspeak is a message to the deterioration of the English language, which is not so far fetched. Orwell wasn't so successful in his other predictions, but the book is fiction right? Every page of new developments and plot lines engrossed me more and more. It's a great book that can evoke so much emotion in its reader. That's what happened to me. It's wasn't happiness, either, mind you. I put so much confidence and hope into Winston, that I was crying for his failure and my disappointment, by the end of the book. Truly a must read book. Even if you hate the book after reading it, it's still a book that should be read by everybody. It's sheds light on corruption, power, and rebellion. The only part I didn't enjoy was select portions of Goldstein's ""book"", such as the repeated chapters. If Orwell lost any readers of 1984, it was probably during that part of the book."
"Ok, Ok, I know . . . 1984 came and went and we are living in the 21st century.  Orwell's book is certainly dated and that does affect the reading.  However, any good work of literature does not rise and fall on the culture of the day, but on the inner struggle.  This book is well written and the dangers printed are always on the horizon for us all.  This book is still powerful enough to make your insides twist and cause you to watch the news in a new way."
"As with Animal Farm (by the same author), there is much to learn from this book.What makes this book scary is how easily it could become reality.  As you read this book, you must realize that in order to avoid becoming what this book portrays, we need to fight the system now.  Because, as Winston learns, once the system is in place it is practically impossible to destroy it.  Keep this book in mind while our government makes specific policies... especially while we lose our freedoms and rights of privacy in the name of safety, fairness, and prosperity.And what amazes me (but wouldn't surprise me) is how much the people love what they have; not knowing what they have lost.  It is amazing how government can set your mind at ease with the right propaganda.  A perfect example was how the government was saying how it had exceeded its prediction in the production of boots (which was actually a lie) and one of its citizens commented on how well they had done in supplying the needs of the people.  In the same breath he asked if Winston had any razorblades, which had become very scarce in the recent weeks.And even scarier, it shows how easy it is for the government to twist (spin) our language and use it against us.  For instance, in the book we see the Ministry of Love, which is used to torture free thinkers and those who would disagree with Big Brother.  We see the Ministry of Truth, which is nothing more than spreading lies on the wealth of the nation and its citizens.  So on and so forth.  What is especially incredible about this book is the detail of the language that George Orwell went into, while creating a new language called Ensoc (English Socialism).This book shows all of this... and more.  It is the model of what any country should NOT become.  There is a lot to learn from this visionary book.  You can instantly take a lot out of this book.  Read it and take a look around you and you will be surprised and how quickly our society is heading in this direction.  Fight this trend before you, yes you, fall in love with Big Brother."
"...well imagine your face being crush by a foot, for ever. Yeah yeah I have to admit I took it from 1984, but it's ok because its only THE BEST BOOK OF ALL TIME. I loved that book, poor M. George, he had one sick mind. In this book, around the 1950's(I'm not sure sure, but I know it was during the first or the second war) George Orwell imagined what the world would be like in 1984. The Government, or should I say YOUR BIG BROTHER, knows everything, EVERYTHING ! He hates people that are againts him, so free-thinking and having friends is a crime. With so much power, it's easy to make people believe events that never happened. The kids, ahh those stupid kids, let's brainwash them ...yeah, and let's turn them against their parents, they are so young and easy to manipulate. Yes this book is creepy, so creepy, that you're happy of the world that you are living in right now, that's what makes this book such a masterpiece. When you read the book, you hate BIG BROTHER so much, you want to the guy to beat up his ass, but who is MR.BIG BROTHER anyways, no one ever saw him before, right ? You just cant wait to reach the end, and the ending wont let you down, it's one of the best endings I ever read. Everything is good in this book. If you like DAN SIMMONS, ALDOUS HUXLEY and RAY BRADBURY, you'll salivate over this book.There is no hope if you don't have power, there's only hope in BIG BROTHER.....and Don't forget, BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU."
"Although the book isn't incredibly well written, it clearly sends a message. It brings up many ideas that are quite scary about how the government can control your life. Once your done with it you'll be noticing every security camera and every stare aimed your way. BIG BROTHER will always be watching."
"Take a deep futuristic look into the mind of author George Orwell in his intense novel, 1984. Orwell's ideas of what our world will be like in his future, is a pessimistic outlook on his new world. The ""Big Brother"" controls all, and the civilians of Oceania are powerless. People lack many of the simple freedoms that we are associated with today, and the government runs everything. Oceania is one of the three main super states that are battling for power. The city has a system of monitoring that will keep all residents from rebelling or from even thinking about it. The plot includes all the things that many great books do, including: love, lust, crime, and deception. This great novel shows how the creative mind of Orwell can bring us to the world he thought was to become in the year, 1984  As the story begins we meet our main character Winston Smith walking through the corridors of a large building. We quickly learn of the many new things to his world including the ""Big Brother."" Seeing sings posted and messages spread across the walls, Winston can not escape the watchful eye of the ""Big Brother."" Telescreens are everywhere and he is unable to escape their watchful eye. Winston eventually buys a journal and writes in it. From the first stroke of his pen, he is overwhelmed with the fear that he is going to be caught and go to jail. As he writes the words, ""DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER"" he knows that even if he had only thought it, it would be just as much of a crime. In fact, the thought crimes were known as the worst. Winston works in the Ministry of Truth, here he alters historical records to fit the needs of the party. He meets a beautiful woman at work, with dark hair, Julia. He is worried that she is an informant who will turn him in for his thought crimes; however she turns out to be an admirer and is in love with him. They are in the same thought the party, and become lovers. They begin a covert affair to see if anyone is monitoring them, and eventually move into the second floor of the store where he purchased the journal. They continue on together for a long time, and Winston is sure that they will be caught and punished, while Julia is much more optimistic.Winston becomes fixated with a party member named O'Brien, who Winston believes is a secret member of the Brotherhood (a mysterious group trying to overthrow the party.) Finally one day, Winston's dream comes true, and he is called on by O'Brien. This is what the couple thinks is the beginnings of something great. At O'Brien's luxurious apartment, he reveals that he is also against the party and all that it stands for. Then he asks for Winston to join the Brotherhood and help to stop the party and hands him the manifesto of the Brotherhood to read to Julia. Then something goes wrong, and our characters are caught up in a tricky web of lies and deception.The way the Orwell is able to set up the characters makes you read faster and deeper into the story. He is able to draw you in using a very simple technique of being instinctively vague. My mind would race as I read the pages of this spell binding novel, and I know how Orwell was able to turn such an ordinary event like the birth of a new year, into what would seem like a hellish nightmare. The ""Big Brother"" makes you think how a totalitarian government would be run. What if the world had turned into this place, what if there were people watching us and recording our every move thought, it makes me glad that I am a citizen here in the free country of the United States of America."
"George Orwell depicts a horrible totalitarian state that suppresses all opposition. In 1984 the world is divided into three parts, Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia. These three parts are constantly at war. The charismatic figure of Big Brother stands in the forefront of the Party. It is a figure of mythical power. Winston Smith struggles against the Party, he rebels against Big Brother and the totalitarian regime. But his rebellion will result in his own destruction. We should bare in mind that this novel was published in 1949 and we so realise that Orwell's imaginary future world is a brilliant creation, his vision of brutalised and manipulated humanity is gripping and unfortunately still supremely relevant."
"so i assume everyone already knows what an amazing book 1984 is, and if you don't, well, in case you haven't figured it out based on how this sentance has begun, it is.  amazing that is.  read it, it's great.  the deal with this version is that pynchon wrote the intro, and that's what i'm looking at here.so, i was rather, as it were, stoked about this coming out.  pynchon is one of my favourite authors, and to have him writing the intro for such an important book was, to say the least, an enticing concept.  well, unfortunately, i really didn't think much of his intro.  basically, the biographical information is presented in a rather dry and uninspiring tone, and the philosophical aspects seem, in the worst sense of the word, academic.  it provides a somewhat interesting picture of socialism's evolution and existence, but, ultimately, i found it failing in its (presumed) goal of introducing the work at hand.  moreover, i found it rather wanting for pynchon's personal style.  basically, i'd recommend checking this out of the library for a reading, but if you already own a copy of 1984, don't bother picking this up as a second for the sake of the intro, it is, unfortunately, not worth it.  on the other hand, if you don't already own 1984, get two, they're cheap."
"There are many different types of books out there: fiction, non-fiction, science fiction, fantasy, horror, history, and biography.  But only a few of them have the same impact that George Orwell achieves in his book 1984.  It seems part paranoid fantasy, part tribute to the malleability of the human psyche, and part historical allegory.The issues, even presented in the outdated means that they are, still ring true for our modern society.  The line between patriotism and nationalism is a thin one, and one that Americans look at each day.  But in Orwell's world that line was crossed, and the result was a totalitarian government beyond anything most of us can imagine.  With the government controlling all jobs, information, deeds, and actions, even to the smallest thought of their peoples, his world is stark and horrible to those of us used to a freedom.  But the steps into that world are not that far away from our modern media control.  In his world of 1984 the media serves the purpose of brainwashing the populace at large, and an ongoing war keeps the pressure on.  And while some may claim that the media in our own country has the same control over us, in his world, the media is the government, and has no other agenda than that which the government sets forth.The strange part is that all of this occurs to us, through the eyes of the main character, Winston Smith, as he falls in love with a young woman named Julia.  In Oceania, the nation-state in which Smith lives, love is not allowed, and not tolerated.  Winston Smith is, in essence, an insurgent in his own nation.  He sleeps each night knowing that something is wrong, but not being able to say exactly what.  As a reader we can see exactly the horrors to which he is made to endure, and though they might make us scream and shout, he is unmoved.  But love draws him out of that sheltered reality, and into open insurgency against his own nation.This is the beginning of the end for Wilson, as the romance, and the pleasures, are short lived.  Like a terrible wave the police of the world he inhabits come crashing down upon him to break his spirit.  The way they torture him is gruesome, and should offend anyone who values our human rights.  But in the end, Wilson himself comes to love ""Big Brother"" the face of the state of Oceania.  He forgets his insurgency, through a conscious adaptation of his logic processes.  He has to know that whatever the nation does is right, even when it contradicts what he has experienced in the recent past.  In Orwell's words, Doublethink.These are just the surface issues that come across in Orwell's vision world the deeper issues are buried.  As in, how could such a world come to exist?  Well, he explains that after World War 2, there came a mighty nuclear war that wiped out most of the population centers of the world.  And that out of the nuclear ash arose a political methodology that swept the nations, a kind of socialism that blended into totalitarianism.  This totalitarian regime took hold and great purges, on the scope of the great purges in the early communist USSR, ran across the world as we know it.  3 stable nations were born: Oceania (The Americas, the Pacific Islands, Australia, and England), Eastasia (China, Mongolia, The Indonesian Peninsula, and Japan), and Eurasia (All of Europe save England, and all of the Former USSR).  The rest of the world was in a constant state of conquest by one of these 3 super-nations, with the captured populations used as slaves.  The constant state of war between the nations served to keep control over the people within the nations.This is a world devoid of hope. Indeed, devoid of any emotions except hatred, fanatical delight in the war effort, and the obedience to the governments of the nations.  This is the worst vision of what the Nazis in Germany hoped to accomplish in their conquests.  A world without any laws, but what the government states to be true at that moment.  A world where people disappear, but no one notices, or even cares, a world of total devotion to the state as a whole, without regard to creed, race, or social status.It isn't often that the characters in a book become common usage in the world at large, but the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you"" has become synonymous with the government watching over its citizens.  It shows up today in almost everyday speech.  Especially when people are talking right to privacy issues.  This seems apt, as privacy is one of the things that Wilson Smith never had, and will never have.  Big Brother (the government) watched his every move of his life, recorded his every word, and rifled through his belongings at their leisure.  This book is the origin of that phrase.Orwell gives us a black and white view of the virtues of that world, and its drawbacks.  The astounding thing is that it isn't still more talked about.  We have, most of us, read this book.  But how many too the time to understand the social and political ramifications it speaks of?  I will from now on, that is for sure."
"Eric A Blair did us all a favor back in1948-49 when he wrote this politicalnovel about future tyranical society.Followed by Animal Farm, another winner.Most of what Orwell predicted has/will(but I hope not) come true. Only our Con-stitution can stop it, if Mr. and Mrs.America would/will wake up!"
"The novel, published in 1949, takes place in 1984 and presents an imaginary future where a totalitarian state controls every aspect of life, even people's thoughts. The state is called Oceania and is ruled by a group known as the Party; its leader and dictator is Big Brother. Winston Smith, the central character, is a thirty-nine year old man living in London. He secretly hates the Party and decides to rebel by starting a diary in which he reveals his rebellious thoughts. These humble beginnings lead him to greater thought crimes, until he has an organized secret love affair with another enlightened woman. Soon, he is caught by the ever watchful thought police, hence he is tortured and turned into yet another mindless subject of the Party, feeling only love towards Big Brother, and hate towards Oceania's enemies.My reaction to this book was most likely much less appalling than the average reader in 1949, because at that point in time this speculative future for humanity would have seemed much more possible. With today's powerful democracies, I believe that this dreary potential for humanity has very little chance of happening in reality. It was fascinating to think about, though, and raises the question ""what if"" many times in my head. What if Germany had held its territory in Europe in World War II? What if the world was greatly influenced by the fascist and communist governments, and split up into three totalitarian super-states? These thoughts racing through my head was very delightful. As for the book itself, it is wonderfully written, with you constantly wondering when or if Winston will succeed, or when or if he will be caught. It is fast-paced, exciting, and ends with an extremely depressing conclusion, that turns Winston's rebellios actions to nothing, as he turns into the exact thing he fights. This book will entertain, because its fast paced futuristic storyline and intriguing background will make you think about it for days, and speculate as to what really could happen. Highly recommended-I loved it for all of these reasons, and easily finished it in the small amount of time that I needed to for a school project. A definitive page turner.-Alex Bogrand"
"I found this novel extremely thought provoking. It is a book every young and old American should read to learn what could easily happen to their civilization or rather what is happening. George Orwell is acting as a visionary in telling a story that is becoming reality more each day. It is frightening to think if the government in our society is not stopped they can become equally as corrupt as the Party in Oceania. The thought that the government not only controls what you are doing each day, but also controls how you think is terrifying.The brilliant novel kicks off with Winston Smith, a member of the Party, climbing up flights of stairs with his throbbing varicose ulcer aching. The thirty-nine year old goes through his life second guessing the Party and all it stands for. Winston starts by recording his thoughts in a diary. After reviewing his thoughts he even wondered if he himself was indeed a lunatic. Through the book he is running from the dreaded Thought Police. Winston became involved with Julia another enemy of Big Brother. They met up secretly in multiple hiding spots. There they exchanged words about their combined hatred for the Party which followed with romantic pleasantries between the two. Inevitably the two are captured and brought to the Ministry of Love where their minds were molded into the stupid followers of the Party. At the conclusion Winston gives his soul up to the Party.This is a must read for all individuals. Even though written as a fiction novel the story 1984, can be linked to parts of today's society despite the fact that the year itself has since passed. The way the novel is able to draw in readers and immediately involve them in what events are occurring in the novel, is simply mind boggling. I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a sense of excitement for the book they are reading."
"OK I have been reading some reviews of this book. The book itself, is a fantastic story of a man (Winston) who is beaten down by the society he lives in. Unable to accept the Party, he commits a Thought Crime. He gets away with it for a while, but then he meets up with a girl and this leads to his down fall. Now lets not take the story at face value. The book was written in 1949 (??) just after world war 2. Orwell didn't actually expect his future society to happen by 1984, it probably seems like a nice far enough in the future time. We could rename it 2184 and it will have the same effect on its readers and be just as relevant.Big Brother in the book does not relate to some silly 1990's (2000's) fad TV show. BB is a political party. Now look around at our society. We have CC TV Cameras, a person can't use a phone of an ATM without the government knowing. You can't catch a train without cameras watching you. Neighbour sying on you looking for terrorist activities. (Like the Macarthy era, and now today) This book is a warning to us from the past about allowing government into our private lives.  Will we be a free peole, of a society of slaves to a goverment party? This is what Orwell and Huxley (Brave New World) are trying to tell us."
"If not one of the more entertaining novels, this book is certainly one of the most important reads of the century. As others have probably already stated, this book is not so much a warning as it is a clear testament of what is already happening today. It is meant to destroy your impression of society and the world, forcing you to see it as it is; not as it is represented in the news, in film and other mind deluding media.I cannot put it any simpler than that.The story is about a man who lives in a futuristic world that is governed by the will of the nameless, faceless government, which is only referred to as, ""Big Brother."" Big Brother controls not only the actions of the people, but human thought is also enforced. Everyone is watched. The most disturbing aspect to this story is not the fact that human rights and individual freedoms have been stripped away, but the fact that everyone agrees to these terms. That leaves no room for change; no will to fight. It is a story about a government that  was allowed  too much control over the people, where the future is hopelessly secured and preserved by totalitarian rule.It sounds impossible, I know. But it is not impossible. There are countries and governments who have achieved such power over the wills and minds of the people and, like in this story, do not believe they are being oppressed, simply because they do not know freedom or individuality, having never experienced it, or worse, forgotten what it was like.The People's Republic of China just happens to be one such government, which has managed to not only limit outside information from entering the country, but controls what people see and hear within the country's walls. Chinese search engines are monitored and websites that speak of government crimes are shut down. Local news in China is also heavily monitored and journalists who step beyond their stations and center their articles on truth are threatened with their lives. If you were to tell a citizen of China that a whole village was massacred for protesting the construction of a power plant intoxicating a nearby river essential for the village's survival, then that citizen would most likely call you a liar. All Chinese citizens see on their television sets are repeats and repeats of heroism in the fight against the Japanese occupation, which only strengthens the loyalty the people of China have towards their government, forever binding them to that *one image, while the Communist Party strategically conceals the bloodbaths and assaults on their own people.Despite the fact that this book was written long ago, it has more standing purpose today than it ever did in the past. I use China as an example because I know something of that country and its people, but such human restriction is practiced in all countries, some more than others. I remember when the war in Iraq began, there were millions of people somehow believing that Iraq had something to do with 9/11, encouraging everyone, even senate members of the Democratic Party, to support Bush's decision, and they did.The minds and the wills of people can be bent, shaped and directed by your government, while keeping you completely blind to the fact, and this book here is probably the best example of how it is done and how far it can go...if it is not stopped."
"I've been on a mission to read the all time best 100 novels chosen by the ""experts"" and by the readers.  1984, of course, is high on both lists, so I read it sooner rather than later.I enjoyed the book.  I think it's hard for a book like this to live up to all the hype and the expectations, but 1984 is undoubtedly a masterpiece.  While I don't think it's perfect, it certainly is close.  The only bad thing I can say is that I don't care much for Orwell's writing style.  It's a bit formal.  I can say the same thing about Huxley, and it is, perhaps, the way English authors wrote during this time.  I prefer an author a little more candid, like Vonnegut, or, a little more fluid and beautiful, like Fitzgerald.  However, the formality works for this story.  The three main characters are very well developed and you are drawn in.  I really liked O'Brien, and can see that he is the symbolism of Big Brother.  I love fictional books with messages, and 1984 is full of them.  It's amazing to me how well Orwell could predict the future.1984 should be high on your list.  Big Brother is watching."
I first read this book in high school in 1974. What always remained with me is the little place where the lovers would meet.  They felt so safe away from the rest of the world.  It was an experience that I came to understand as I went out on my own.
"Unlike Mr Orwell apparently, I can actually remember 1984 and believe you me some of his recollections of the era are well off the mark. There were no such things as Memory Holes, was no such country as Eurasia and Big Brother did not hit our screens until 1999. I also find it staggering that there was no mention of Rubiks Cubes or the film Spies Like Us. On the other hand I did approve of some of the stricter measures bought in to promote sensible behaviour in the office which were advocated in this book."
"A totalitarian, dis-utopian world, undemocractic, controlled, inhumane...yes this is the world that 1984 describes in its vivacity.  A bleek account of things to come in some way, shape or form, or nonsense, you decide, but read this book you must!!!"
"WAR IS PEACE! FREEDOM IS SLAVERY! IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH! These are the slogans of the party.  Written by George Orwell, 1984 is set in a futuristic London where a totalitarian regime holds all in check.  Cameras observe one's movements and telescreens broadcast news flashes with periodic two minutes of hate while monitoring activities and speech.  The language of Newspeak is invented to eliminate free thought.  None are safe from the grasp of Big Brother.  In this classic piece of literature, George Orwell is able to point out the terrors and follies of a rampant totalitarian juggernaut through the eyes of Winston Smith.  As a member of the ruling party, Winston conjures thoughts of a revolution from the oppression of Big Brother while fearing the might of the Thought Police, the ultimate institution for eliminating free thought.  With Winston's strong desire for the fall of the oppressive totalitarian government imposed by Big Brother, constant fear of the Thought Police and the numerous stories of their late night abductions strike less fear in his heart, for he already thinks of himself as dead. With a detailed narration of Winston's surroundings, actions, and thoughts, Orwell is able to present to the reader the concept of the oppression caused Big Brother and the possibilities of the injustices caused by the tyranny of totalitarian regimes.  Winston's contemplative nature is emphasized by his many decisions to fulfill the rebellious fire ignited by a series of observations.  Many of his numerous menial observations revolve around the examination of individuals around him, including his future love interest Julia.  His rebellious nature, along with his hopeless value for life, forces Winston to take irrational risks such as involvement in a sexual affair with Julia, all done to spite Big Brother and its omniscient oppressive temperament Orwell's enchanting storyline with numerous plot twists allows the reader not only to enjoy a well written story of a battle against oppression but to experience it first hand through the eyes of Winston.  Emotions will run high in this rollercoaster of a novel as readers are forced to turn the page and even question individual thought.  This provocative dystopian novel filled an unforgettable chain of events makes George Orwell's 1984 a must read."
"A lot of readers seem to miss the point of this novel (especially the people who gave it 1 star, that's just weak).  It's not about Orwell guessing what the world would be like in 1984 or really even a poke at communism.  Orwell presents an exaggerated and seemingly impossible not-so-distant future to the reader and supports it magnificently with parallelisms to religion and ideology.  He addresses whether freedom of the mind is intrinsic to the human conscience and whether or not free thought is necessary for human happiness.  It also questions what is real or true. Does 2+2=5?  If you believe it and everyone else believes it, than why in the hell wouldn't it be so. The novel left me more afraid of the masses and the susceptibility of the human mind than the government.  The people can take back control at the drop of a hat and they are the ones who allow it to get out of control in the first place."
"This book is great- but it's not like today- thank god- and maybe because it was read, accepted and things were altered around that kind of future- I have to say to grasp such inventive thought for the 1940's this book is worth the marvel of that alone- it deserves the term classic- I have to mention the book Utopian Reality- now that's a story where I would want at least half of it to come true- Reading 1984 and seeing how it must have been far fetched for it's time- it has given me some faith that maybe Utopian Reality is onto something- Read this and Utopian Reality- if you haven't read it yet.-It'll leave you amazed--"
"No novel seems to be more relevant these days than George Orwell's 1984. While the year has passed the ideas of trickery and deception by the government still exist. Oceania could easily be the United States and Big Brother could be any one of the three letter orginizations in the US. No there arent telescreens everywhere, but thanks to the deceptivly titled ""Patriot Act"" Orwells nightmare is eerily closer to reality than ever before. Read this book. Period."
"Wow. I couldnt, and still cant, believe how amazing this book was. It is truly a masterpiece. Of course, what i think is a masterpiece might not end up being one for you.I realized during my read of this book that i felt really attached to it because of my own personal experiences...my own university background (political studies). To me, this book is a searing critique of the modern human condition...of modern society. When i read through these pages i found an author that was describing what was going on around us: people living in an unthinking comfort, people almost consciously avoiding the obvious truth about society...people failing to open up their eyes.It really focuses your attention on how society can just turn its cheek to homelessness, poverty, consumer culture, capitalism. We are all taking part in the process of doublethink.I took all of this away from the book...you might not. It might even mean something different to you. This review is for myself, for others that see what i see, and for those who are willing to see what i see. Otherwise, you will have to read the book through your own lenses and decide for yourself whether this is a classic. But for like-minded people, you will understand how powerful this book is from page one.The only reason why it did not get 5 stars is because of the ending. I really felt it wasnt the right way to end this book. It just didnt seem to flow with the rest of the pages. I am a little disappointed that Orwell decided to finish this amazing novel with such a drawn-out, tired ending."
"Orwell's 1984 is one of the true masterpieces of the 20th century.  It presents a dark world where all individuality suffers under the reign of Big Brother.  Orwell had a prophetic gift for seeing how the truth suffers from power, and how everything, including language, is cynically manipulated to suit an agenda.  In an age of brutal tyrants, ceaseless propaganda, shameless spin control, revisionary legacy tours, and mass media news cycles, this novel deserves new review.  A profound book, and a must read."
"It's nearly impossible to overstate the importance of this book.  In all the discussion about its influence on modern thought, however, the fact that it's a fantastically good read is often overlooked.  Orwell's characters are crisply drawn and the world they inhabit startlingly real.Certainly it's one of the most important novels of the 20th century; just don't forget that it's also one of the best."
"George Orwell has not only written an engaging and entertaining, (though sometimes depressing, but in a necessary way) dystopic-future novel; he has also given the reader both political and human insights.  Although you won't find a happy ending in Orwell's masterpiece, the reader will enjoy the suspense of the dangers of Winston's world. I could also sympathize with the romance between Winston and Julia, two lovers finding solace in each other while in deadly and dead surroundings. The prose is descriptive but also moves the reader along and lets the reader contemplate the book's political and human insights.  Politically it is still very relevant. There are still toltalitarian governments and the situation that Winston suffers parallels not exactly, but is similair to the lives of many in third world countries with opressive dictators.  It could even be used symbolically to satirize America. Sometimes the government tells the press and the public lies. It has happened before. Think of Watergate. And to be fair to both parties I'll include both Bill Clinton's lies and the lies about Vietnam.  Humanely, it is a moving novel, showing man's inhumanity to man; the ability for a government to have such strength as to wipe out our signiture features: religion, love, freedom, and even language. (By this I mean Newspeak, a form of writing the government imposes into the newspapers.)  This is a bizarre, moving, heart-breaking novel about a negative-Utopia.  I highly reccomend this book to thinkers, non-thinkers, or anyone who likes to read."
"""1984"" is more or less what awaits us at some point in the future, I believe. In this prophetic novel, George Orwell shows us a future world under strict totalitarian rule, without freedom or democracy, where nothing is allowed and any offense is severely punished, where everyone is under surveillance, and there is no privacy, no freedom, only mandatory obedience to state police control and government authority.David Rehakauthor of ""A Young Girl's Crimes"""
"One of my favorite books of all time, George Orwell's masterpiece is well worth the money. The world he writes of is fascinating and sad at the same time, making it a wonderful read. Hopefully its readers will learn something from its themes."
"1984, by George Orwell, is the story of the reality of a society stuck in a nightmare of Negative Utopia. The author's influencial views of the haunting novel transport you into a world where individuality is loss and the sense of Big Brother comes into play.  Winston Smith, the main character of the novel, is stuck between the encasement of the Thought Police, to the overseeing of the Party.  Winston is faced with the turmoil of going against the government, which puts his life in danger.  The part I like about this book is that with every page, there is always a new scene of interest which keeps you reading until the very last sentence.  The struggle of one man--in world where all is against him.But then again, this book makes us wonder, when is it ""too far"" in regards to Big Brother, and how close is are society becoming to it today?  1984, is a thought provoking book which ponders many questions about the involvement in citizens person lives, and how much should they know about you personally.  -I only hope that the world never comes to such a reality, because once it does, all individuality becomes completely lost."
"George Orwell's 1984 is a book about control in the reality of his world to the connection it has to ours; it's fascinating and shocking how Orwell was able to see a world such as the one in his book. The book is a prediction and shadow of our world today. Ever since Orwell published his book, it has been like a bible to people everywhere. This book is fascinating not because of the feeling put into it, but because of how it shows and gives the reader a sense of how humanity is and can become like the world in Orwell's book.The only freedom shown in the world of 1984 is the self-thought of what the word actually means. Winston Smith is the man who experiences this and leads us through this horrible world. He doubts the righteousness of the totalitarian government (Big Brother) that rules Oceania, (one of three superstates in the world of 1984). The book starts with Winston and then shows how Big Brother (the government) is unreal.  The government made its own language, is at constant war with the other two superstates, and watches its citizens at all times.  As Winston's rebellion develops, we see how Big Brother is not as unreal as we think, he seems real, and to all the citizens he is real, this is what helps control Oceania the belief of Big Brother.  Oceania, Eastasia, and Eurasia are the three battling superstates. All want control, have the same kind of government, and are at constant war to obtain what they want.  The process used to get absolute power is one used by past, present, and future dictators, like Stalin, Mussolini and Hitler.  Big Brother manipulates its citizens psychologically into suitable ways of thinking.  Instead of only using propaganda techniques, Big Brother also uses something called Newspeak and telescreens.  Newspeak is the official language of Oceania, and it is used to control the citizens' unorthodox thinking. Winston works at the base of Newspeak; he changes words, news, stories, and information for the government.  The telescreens monitor each citizen and stop them of their privacy, revolt, or un-orderly behavior.  Winston meets a girl named Julia who also feels the same as Winston does about Big Brother. They become lovers and their relationship leads them to what gives the reader the true sense of what the book is truly about. The backbone of Big Brother (the government) is revealed. When Orwell shows what really is Big Brother, gives the reader the true sense of the masterpiece of George Orwell's book.The manipulative technique used by Big Brother to control their citizens is unrecognizable; it is all about mind control. The secret for Big Brother's success is doublethink, the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously and fully accepting both. Big Brother is supposedly a person, the head leader of the government in the book 1984, but he doesn't exist. The government controls people by creating a false leader with a system of mind control.The book shows us how a government can become powerful and how it is possible in our world today. The thought of the possibility actually happening is frightening because our world now can become the world of greed for control, violence, mystery, and slavery that is shown in the book 1984. That is what makes this book so good; it truly pulls us into the reading because the reality in the book and our life, is paralleled by the possibility that can exist."
"Big Brother sees everything you do.  Nothing you do is private.  You must live according to how Big Brother sees fit for you to live.  Anyone with even a hint of rebellion or disobedience disappears.  Everything is carefully rationed.  Information is carefully distributed.  That information can also be changed if it needs to be.  Everything is secretive.  Nobody really knows what is going on in Oceania, except those in the ""Inner Circle"", but do they even know?Winston Smith is living in this time.  He vaguely remembers a time before this, but goes on with the present world just the same.  His monotonous life of work for ""the Party"" is changed when two unlikely events occur.  He buys a forbidden diary, and he falls in love.  His life soon spirals out of his control at the hands of Big Brother, and he soon discovers what it is all about.This book was required reading for English class.  I started it with slight optimism based on what I heard it was about.  I also was anticipating a less than pleasing novel, since we previously read Lord of the Flies and Catcher in the Rye, both of which I was very displeased.  My doubts soon disappeared, as I became mesmerized with George Orwell's novel.  It was so wonderfully written that I could barely take my eyes off of it (much to the annoyance of several of my teachers).  Even though I had to reread the last page a few times, the message therein was powerful.  This book is definitely one of my favorites that I have read in school, and maybe my life.  Please read it if you ever get the chance!"
"Orwell was a socialist, who had served in the Spanish Civil War fighting fascism - a true believer.  However, the betrayal of ideology, mass murder and abuses by Stalin in the name of socialism prompted Orwell to write _1984_: a brilliant satire and a classic of 20th century literature.In the future, there is the one state, ruled by ""Big Brother"", an allegedly benevolent ruler who is rather sinister.  Obedience is demanded, subjects are not even allowed the freedom of thought.  All labor and effort is geared towards the ""greater good"", in a totally egalitarian society that is as stifling as it is sterile.Written as a criticism of Stalinism and the Soviet system, its biting criticism is testament to the extremes of ideology. While it is an easier read than the earlier Soviet work by Eugene Zamiatin's _We_, I feel _We_ is the better book.  Nonetheless, 1984 is worthy of a reading."
"The 20th Century has brought forth dystopia, and a plethora of dystopia literature.  Some of the books, such as The Giver, are very good.  Others, like Fahrenheit 451, are excellent.  Of them, two are genius - A Brave New World (Huxley) - A Clockwork Orange (Burgess) - and one is supreme: 1984 (Orwell).1984 is comprehensive.  Not in explaining the machinery and origin of the nightmare state, but in the experience of the individual within.  Huxley is much more scientifically aware than Orwell, and his replacement of the party structure with a caste structure is profound and dark.  Burgess, better than both these, understands the dependence of creativity upon destruction and destruction upon creativity, within the individual and the state.  Neither Orwell nor Huxley offers their hero the alternative of `coming alive' through violence, which Alex so beautifully illustrates.Also, I believe Burgess, of the three, to be the best storyteller.  His prose is high art; musical, rhythmic, and perfect in its strangeness and familiarity.  Huxley's book is somewhat like a puzzle with 8 big pieces, which fit exactly and predictably.  His strength is not the flow of his story, but the brilliance of his images.  Orwell is much too engrossed in his political message to be purely an artist.  He is, of course, an artist, but firstly he is a political theorist.Still, it may seem unfair to compare these three; they are written for different purposes and theorize from different experience.  This is indubitably true.  But it is also true for us to want to organize, sort, and place books into a logical whole.  And placement, for most of us, is related to importance.These three books are of the 20 most beautiful written in English in the last century - it is only my opinion that 1984 is the best.  The knowledge and medium of 1984 is diverse.  In part it is a theory on the meaning of history - it offers definitions of impersonal experience - it is an account of the individual, his will, passion, and perspective - it is about love and sex and their relation to the state - it is an attack upon intellectuals - it is about the nature of fear and courage - but, first of all, it is literature, written as a story...because it belongs to the individual, the private reader, not to academics or institutions."
Everyone must read this book. If you read Animal Farm and thought it was good wait until you read this! It blows away Animal Farm by far! It shows what George Orwell projects as the future when he believed at the time would be under strict totalitarian rule. If you think communism would be a good form of government you might change your mind by the end of this book for it shows how society will be enslaved by its rule and eventually even the freedom to think will not endure.
"When I first read this novel, the first four words were just amazing! 1984 is a book that has to be read, it is just simply amazing! Pure and simple. Some of the things in this book is just frighting! George Orwell did a great job creating a story that is just VERY REALISTIC! Sure it does start off slow, George Orwell does into a lot of detail in the book about how things COULD OF BEEN if Communism did take over the world. No one has the right to privacy, the people in this book are always being watched by the Party, and it is just outright amazing. The story evolves around Winston, he works for the Ministry of Truth, deep inside he hates the Party, but he does not reveal it because of the Thought Police! So he goes to work everyday eating the nasty food the Party gives the people, he then thinks that he is being watched by the Thought Police, which turns out to be a girl who is MUCH MORE YOUNGER than he is! He is 39, and the girl is in her mid-twenties. Her name is Julie, he wanted to kill her because he thought she was spying on him, sound real huh? 1984 is a HARD novel to read, and going through the novel is HARD, but it is worth reading. The novel brings hatred toward one's government, and how one of could of lived if Communism did spread throughout the world. Very scary, but yet very interesting because George knows how to write a very good book. Read it, and you wont be disappointed!"
"Isn't it eerie how the Patriot Act could have come straight out of this masterpiece?  Don't we have people in jails right now in Gitmo, people who have been detained for no legal reason, except they might be ""terrorists?""  Doesn't the government now have the right to tap our phones and spy on us without a court order (a la Big Brother)?  Many people thought this book was silly when the actual 1984 came and went without this apocalyptic vision becoming reality.  However, 20 years later, you can't read this classic without getting a familiar chill down your spine as a ""president"" tries to find imaginary weapons while seemingly rewriting history?  If any English teacher wants to assign this book in 2003, they can find plenty of real world parallels to it, which should get the kiddies' attention!!!!"
"I recently took up the hobby of reading ""classics"" instead of teenage dramas or mysterys.  1984 was second on my list.  But now I'm left wondering why is this book a classic?  This book was descriptively crude with its love affair and prostitute, redundant with its thoughts and routine, and overall dull.  I admit that this book did have a good message and was thoroughly enforced from the beginning to end.  However, thats all that happened. It was just thoughts of a sad man with perverse and suspicouis thoughts.  The main character constantly dwelled on how horrible everything was and eventually how he was going to fight against it.  But never did, unless you count having an affair and writing in a journal or buying an old paperweight.At times the story would pick up, and just as quickly as it picked up it drastically fell back into the continuous complaints of Winston.1984 is well written.  I guess, there were quantities of complex words tied in with a new language created within the book (Newsspeak).  Keep your dictionary handy.The chararcters also lacks personality.  They were so 2 deminsional.Overall it was impossibly hard to follow, and paragraphs could be skipped and you wouldnt miss a thing.Not to mention that tragic ending.  No steps were made toward anything!  It stops about were it left off except Winston loves BB and loves his torturor.This book was an overrated classic and a big fat FLUB!"
"I first read this book in grade 7. I was just discovering books at the time and soaked up the distopia genre.I gave book reports on Clockwork Orange and Brave New World, instead of The Outsiders like other students. I reccomend this book to anyone who enjoys a good Terry Gilliam film (Brazil, 12 Monkeys, King Fisher, Montey Python) or for teens who don't want cheesy books aimed for your age (i hated the Outsiders)."
"When I picked up this novel at a bookstore, I really didn't know anything about it.  However by the end of the first chapter, I couldn't put it down.  A great fiction classic about dystopia caused by a massive growth of socialism in the 1950's and onward.  Numerous plot twists and a great ending hold a reader's attention all the way through.  Also an interesting (and scary) comparison to our government and world today.  1984 is a facisnating book and can be read over and over.  Read it!"
"It's amazing that George Orwell, over 50 years ago, has so accurately predicted the state of present day America through the fictional, yet chillingly realistic story of Winston Smith. The book reads as if it were written only yesterday with many aspects of the story describing the current state of affairs in America and warning of the dangerous path that we as a nation are travelling down - a path where we are coaxed by fear into giving up essential liberties and freedoms in exchange for greater ""protections"" from numerous false threats to our security. Ours is a nation that has become consumed with fear, and consequently one whose people are willing to swallow whatever bogus stories our leaders come up with to justify their unjustifiable wars and the profiteering they engage in. ""[The people] could be made to accept the most flagrant violations of reality, because they never fully grasped the enormity of what was demanded of them, and were not sufficiently interested in public events to notice what was happening."" Ignorance and fear have taken over our lives in America, and Orwell shows us in frightening detail where it must eventually lead. This book is a must read for every American."
I loved it! Wonderful! Well Done.
"It is not a book for entertainment for sure. You just want to forget about the whole thing once you finish reading it. There is something in human in the book, something that turns your stomach, almost like ""devil"" and you want to get away from it. May be Orwell did this on purpose, to make you feel what one feels under that sort of an oppressive government.Some of his predictions in the book are ""eerie"" to say the least. Some people might want to specify this government or other for the subject of the book, but I think at different degrees, one can find dark forces that want to control and oppress others for their interest everywhere and every country even in the West.It is not a long book, which is a plus. You can finish it while the whole story is still in your mind.PS: In War and Peace Tolstoy writes about Pierre's Masonic initiation ceremony. In there Pierre is asked what he is afraid of, the most. Now, ""1984"" gives a possible answer why this question had to be asked in the first place."
"I was one of the many people who had to read 1984 as a high school student.  However a few weeks ago, I decided to read it again.  And I was amazed about how much I enjoyed it when I didn't have to worry about writing an essay on it.  George Orwell did a fantastic job creating a world where there is no love, no warmth or anything that resembles humanity.  Winston Smith, the main character, feels trapped in Oceania, a dire place where words are cut from the language to limit the thoughts of citizens, cameras and microphones are everywhere to monitor your actions, and where children will call their parents traitors and turn them in to authorities.  Winston manages to find joy in trinkets he buys from a prole's shop and from a woman he falls in love with.  And he finds hope in the form of O'Brien, the one man who he thinks understands him.  However, in Oceania nothing good lasts for long.The thought that Orwell put into the plot, characters, and the setting is considerable.  He explains different facets of Oceanic history and society (especially through ""Goldstein's book"",) and even includes an appendix explaining ""newspeak,"" the language of Oceania (which I recommend reading after the first few chapters).  The scary thing about the book is that many elements of the Inner Party and Ingsoc are real and are relevant today.  Read this book to see one view of how life can be like if we forget ourselves and put our futures completely in the hands of others."
"Dear ""reader from Mt. Pleasant, MI"":What on earth are you talking about? You think Orwell actually wrote 1984 because he was mad at the world? Christ, you make it sound like 1984 is the work of a nihilist. 1984 is a dark satire of totalitarian governments. No, the Soviet Union was not as bad as Oceania, but a satire is supposed to exaggerate.The novel has a perfectly legitimate political purpose, and has nothing to do with Orwell being mad at the rest of the world. You clearly didn't understand much about the book at all.As for why I liked it, most of it has been said already. It offers great insight into human nature and politics. Plus it's very well written. It is also probably the most immediately interesting and intriguing books I've read."
"I just got finished reading this book and I thought it was great. It did a wonderful job in portraying a scary future in witch the government rules over it citizens harshly with no thought to privacy. The population in the fictional country, Oceana, is split into three different classes. The Inner Party represents the upper class, the Outer Party the middle class, and the Proles, the lower/slave class. Winston Smith, the protagonist, is a member of the outer party and works in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, rewriting and altering records, such as newspaper-articles, of the past. The main rising action in the book starts when Winston starts to have critical thoughts against the totalitarian Big Brother, the symbol of the party. He buys a book, which is very illegal and uses is it as a diary. In each room there are ""telscreens"" which are basically television sets that show propaganda and political pamphlets but also have a built-in camera and microphone, in order to spy on people. Winston eventually develops a relationship with a young girl Julia who works in the department next to his. They are successful in hiding their illegal affair for a number of years but are eventually caught. I don't want to give the end of the book away but just read it for yourself! It is definitely worth it."
"I just got finished reading this book and I thought it was great. It did a wonderful job in portraying a scary future in witch the government rules over it citizens harshly with no thought to privacy. The population in the fictional country, Oceana, is split into three different classes. The Inner Party represents the upper class, the Outer Party the middle class, and the Proles, the lower/slave class. Winston Smith, the protagonist, is a member of the outer party and works in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, rewriting and altering records, such as newspaper-articles, of the past. The main rising action in the book starts when Winston starts to have critical thoughts against the totalitarian Big Brother, the symbol of the party. He buys a book, which is very illegal and uses is it as a diary. In each room there are ""telscreens"" which are basically television sets that show propaganda and political pamphlets but also have a built-in camera and microphone, in order to spy on people. Winston eventually develops a relationship with a young girl Julia who works in the department next to his. They are successful in hiding their illegal affair for a number of years but are eventually caught. I don't want to give the end of the book away but just read it for yourself! It is definitely worth it."
"A Review by RyanWinston Smith is living in London, a city in the oppressive super-state of Oceania. The year is 1984. Oceania is a nightmare of totalitarianism. The Party controls everything, from Oceania's history to people's freedom of thought. War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. Big Brother is always watching you. Winston Smith is a rebel who is desperate to overthrow this all-powerful system. Nineteen Eighty-Four documents his quest for a way to defeat the Party.This book astonished me from beginning to end. The things I love most about it are its unrelenting darkness, each part's unique theme, and its overall message. The dark tone fits the book perfectly. The way everything unfolds paints a picture of bleakness and horror. The layout of the story is what interested me the most. It's organized into three distinct parts: Part I illustrates the world around Winston Smith, Part II describes the hopeful steps Winston takes toward rebellion, and Part III recounts Winston's downfall. Most importantly, I could comprehend the urgency of Orwell's message. The author's purpose was clear: to communicate not the evils of socialism itself, but the dictatorship and tyranny that complements it if it falls into the wrong hands.I strongly recommend reading Nineteen Eighty-Four. It is a landmark classic. The external story is pretty easy to follow, but you'll only truly enjoy it if you are able to interpret its underlying meaning. If you can understand its message, then you, like me, will love this book to death."
"A Review by Jordan1984, by George Orewell is a book about what our Country could be like in a negative point of view in the year 1984. The book begins with a future Government trying to gain complete power of the world and its people. In this world there are no freedoms, no freedom of thought, no freedoms at all. The thoughts of the totalitarian Big Brother and the Party were nothing but complete power. Can you have complete power without pain and torture? The Party and Big Brother control everything, history, science, time, everything. Also the Party and Big Brother believed that if enough people believed something is it not true? They think if enough people believe that 2+2=5 then does it not?I liked how the book kept you in suspense and how it was somewhat dark. The plot is very well done. I also liked how Winston started as a Loyal to Big brother and then changed and joined the rebellion. The author allows your mind run wild with ideas of what is happening or will happen to Winston. I really liked how the author actually made you think that  it is possible for  out government  turn out like this or maybe already headed that way.I would recommend this book to anyone who likes sci-fi books and dark adventures and mysteries."
There are few books that I reference as much as this one.  Almost every aspect of the homogenization of culture and individualism is realized in this book.  You can not discuss world politics without reading this book.  Just read the darn book!
"Too often people summarily dismiss anything with the word 'classic' on the outside of it as something that is either too deep to understand or too tame to be interesting. 1984 defies the second mold and blows away the first, roaring off its pages as an untamable black-hearted novel about society.That's where the ability to define the novel stops. Undoubtedly, when the reader finishes 1984, the last four words are going to draw a line for them; that line will be the one that demarcates whether the reader is a socialist (that the power of production in society lies in the hands of the state) or a capitalist (that the power of production in society should lie in individuals). The brief bio at the beginning of the novel states that Orwell himself was a socialist...this is a strange thing to have to hear because you get the feeling that the novel is not pulling for that side, nor the other.Because that is the strange greatness that is this novel- it pulls for nothing, gives no easy answers, and least of all holds back on the literary punch that it delivers. Some novels put forth a question then attempt to answer it (Dostoevsky's 'The Idiot' is one such attempt) and they are great for their own pattern. 1984 is of the other milieu, giving us only a large, unanswered question which is bound to divide us as much as it helps us to see the problems which we all face.I've not talked much about the plot of the book, nor the characters to this point. To this I must simply say: why should I? The plot and characters, the whole course of the book...they are all contained in what I've already said. This is not a book, it is a problem, a deep philosophical/sociological one which cannot be pinned down. The novel uses its characters and their situations to stake out the nature of its presentation, and then leaves the reader to wade through it on their own once it is finished. It is a disturbance in the mind, one that is significant more so today than ever before- What is the nature of government and its intrusion into life (the NSA situation)? What controls should be placed on the individual (abortion, censorship, euthanasia)? What form should punishment take (torture in the US run detention camps)?By the time you finish the book, you're going to be thinking about these questions and several more. Hopefully you will want to find answers, though doing so is no easy task; these are intentionally hard questions, aimed at all strata of society, ones that will stick with you the older you get, facing you every time you look at your pay stub and think about where your effort goes.And again, the cultural significance of this novel cannot be understated. It has already pervaded our daily lives in such a way that we might take for granted; from the lyrics in songs (who controls the past now, controls the future), to the shows on television (Big Brother), one cannot help but to see 1984 all around us, so ingrained into our lives that we might overlook the impact it has made.Bottom line: this is required reading in many schools for a reason. Every person should be made to read this book.-LP"
"Classic book, should be read by everyone, a cultural keystone of the 20th century."
PROPHETIC!
"This was originaly a paper I wrote for an English class, but I think it covers the bases fairly well:George Orwell's 1984 spins a gripping tale of corruption, lies, and fear. In a less than modern utopian society called ""Oceania"" rebellion is brewing. A man named Winston Smith finds the strength within himself to challenge the local governmental institution and its leader known only as ""Big Brother"". Through the manipulation of information and history Big Brother commands a death grip on the people who he convinces to ""love"" him. The people are constantly reminded that ""BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU"" (Book 1, Ch. 1 pg. 3). Such control in a society can only lead to one thing: Rebellion.Throughout 1984 multiple references to control are found. By using telescreens, devices that blare out propaganda and monitor the population, and the ironically named ""Ministry of Truth"", an institution that changes the records of the past in favor of the Party and follows the slogan ""'Who controls the past', ran the Party slogan, 'controls the future: who controls the present controls the past."" The people are given one hour out of every day to express their hatred. This is a time when,""A hideous ecstasy of fear and vindictiveness, a desire to kill, to torture, to smash faces in with a sledgehammer, seemed to flow through the whole group of people like an electric current, turning one evenagainst one's will into a grimacing, screaming lunatic. Winston works as a propaganda officer at the Ministry of Truth's main office in Airstrip One, the name of the region in Oceania where Winston lives. There Winston changes historical records to match that of the Party's will. The Party has also devised a way of both monitoring the population and building an irreverent dedication to Big Brother. This institution is called the ""Junior Spies"". The group is composed of young children who are told to watch their parents and neighbors, looking for signs of thoughtcrime (wanting to or knowing that you have committed a crime against the Party.). These kinds of people were ""one of those completely unquestioning, devoted drudges on whom, more even than on the Thought Police, the stability of the Party depended.""Winston holds an office that is part of the ""ruling class"" of Oceania. The other class of Oceania is known as the ""Proles"", ""They were born, they grew up in the gutters, they went to work at twelve, they passed through a brief blossoming period of beauty and sexual desire, they married at twenty, they were middle-aged at thirty, they died, for the most part, at sixty. Heavy physical work, the care of home and children, petty quarrels with neighbors, films, football, beer, and, above all, gambling filled up the horizon of their minds."" If a person is found to be an enemy of the Party they are ""vaporized"", any and all record of them is erased. Winston actually assists the Party in this when he vaporizes a man referred to as Comrade Withers. A man that was oncepraised by the Party, but was convinced as a traitor and all past praise must be illuminated.When Winston comes upon a diary and begins to write in it, he immediately knows that he will be vaporized or killed on charges of thoughtcrime. When he is at his neighbor's house fixing their sink one of their children calls Winston a traitor and accuses him of thoughtcrime. Winston is terrified at the prospect of being found out. He goes home and drinks some ""Victory Gin"", an alcoholic beverage that everyone drinks. The substance has a numbing effect on the people and makes it easier to comply with the Party. He also smokes ""Victory Cigarettes"", the equivalent of common low quality cigarettes. Both the products have the name ""Victory"" in front of them signifying the Party's propaganda. It all leads back to governments wanting to brainwash its citizens to total compliance and the rejection of other ideals. The Party even went as far as to convince the people that 2+2=5, and that there is a thirteen o-clock.The Party also employs the use of microphones to listen in on conversations. It is by using these means that they learn of Winston having sexual intercourse with a woman named Julia who works in the Fiction Department at the Ministry of Truth. They eventually rent a room together above a store. There is a painting on the wall in one of the rooms that hides a telescreen that the Party has planted. It is through this screen that the thought police finally arrest Winston.The citizens are not allowed to keep documents or photographs that could lead them to remembering elements of their past. This makes it easier for the Party to ""insert"" the memories that they wish for the people to remember.  Their ""real"" memories become fuzzy after time and are replaced with the memories that the Party has installed within them. George Orwell wrote 1984 in a time when Nazi Germany, Soviet Russia, and Communist China were all on people's minds. These styles of government instilled fear and hopelessness in the minds of American's. Fear that their basic freedoms were being threatened. Elements of these governments are found in the government of Oceania, even to the uncanny resemblance of Big Brother to Joseph Stalin. Orwell did not just write a ""good read"" or a ""page turner"", he wrote what he viewed as the inevitable future. A future in which people are lied to, manipulated, and tortured for being different."
"1984 is a book based on the main character Winston Smith.  Winston lives in a Oceania which is controlled by a totalitarian government, big brother.  Big Brother has become so bad that the government has come up with their own language and have many devices to monitor them daily.  George Orwell went about conducting 1984 very well in my eyes.  This book is a pretty easy read and it really gets you thinking about some things.  What if something like this ever happend?  What if we weren't born in the U.S.A. and we were controlled like that all the time?  By Orwell even being able to put that sort of image into somebodies mind shows and proves how good of a writer he really is."
"I can hardly put it down! It is suspenseful and captivating and written in a way that makes me feel as though I am constantly on the edge of my seat.  I did not expect a love story.  I did not expect to care.  I can't believe this was written in 1949, about a future Orwell envisioned in 35 years.  A powerfully sweeping and believable future.  (The only thing I keep looking for is email...though it has been pointed out that the Party would not have allowed it.)  My favorite line so far: ""...she had torn her clothes off, and when she flung them aside it was with that same magnificent gesture by which a whole civilization seemed to be annihilated.""  (Are all women capable of such power?)Finished the book, and just keep thinking of how believable a brainwashed society really is... and in many cases parallels some of the ideals we as a people have already swallowed.  The final chapters were gripping and brutal and made me wonder if I would do the same.Altogether I feel that this is a very well-written book about a reverse Utopia...  A false Utopia?  A 'modern society'?I come away with a final thought: If you take away the things that (seem to) make a man human, such as passion and beliefs and love and independent thought... is he still human?"
Even read now--many years after 1984--some of the revaltions of this book hold scarily true. Big Brother vs personal freedom--a scary topic.
"WAR IS PEACE. FREEDOM IS SLAVERY. IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH. Theseare the three slogans that Winston Smith hears every day.  When I first read this book 35 years ago, the threat of such a freedomless world seemed impossible to me. After all...we are not Russia.  Today, the words of the book are dangerously true.  WAR IS PEACE.  Have we not started a preemptive war against another country for the ostensible purpose of peace?  IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH.  Don't some of our public schools and libraries censor books or resist the teaching of contemporary biology?  What about the THOUGHT POLICE.  Today in America, an individual can be convicted by introducting into evidence information that he or she reviewed from his computer in the privacy of his home.  The books we read, the videos we rent, the clothes we wear, the cars we drive are all easily accessible by lw enforcement agencies. New technology allows scientists to scan our brains to determine if we are telling the truth. Yes...BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING US.  Listen to this CD, read Orwell, and start a movement that prevents any further inroads into our thoughts and privacy."
"I cannot count the number of times I was asked, ""What's so special about the year 1984?"" while I was reading the book the title of which randomly forsees that particular year. That question scared me, because this novel is so important.  Beyond that, I was floored that some people had not at least heard of ""1984"" (which was first published in 1949).  That is not a criticism of those who are guilty of this, but rather an indication of my incredulity, because the impact had on our culture by Orwell's genius, manifested in ""1984"", cannot be overstated.  As another reviewer here noted, it is indeed true that many people reference George Orwell's prescient masterpiece, oftentimes without realizing what it is that influenced their thought or even having actually read the book.""1984"" animates the collective paranoia that stems from our well-founded wariness of contemporary society's ever-encroaching governmental systems, as well as the potential dangers introduced to them by the evolution of modern technology.Furthermore, it reminds those paying attention that we must guard our psyches and intellects against the mad intentions of those who forget, or disregard, the truth that to conform for conformity's sake alone is to surrender rights to humanity's defining gift.I would suggest that you don't pick ""1984"" as a casual beach-read.  It is riveting, but heavy and thick with relevance to current events.  Don't read it after having a few drinks either, especially when you come to the book-within-a-book portion."
"""1984"" is the kind of novel that could possibly go unnoticed if given the choice to read it or another, more recent novel.  However, after reading British novelist Eric Blair's (pseudonym ""George Orwell"") second novel, I am compelled to hail it as one of the best books that I have ever read.Orwell's infamous dystopia begins with the main protagonist, Winston Smith, climbing up a flight of stairs, his varicose ulcer hurting the whole way up.  (Ironically, even his name is a readily apparent contradiction [one of many in ""1984""]; his first name is that of the famed British prime minister and statesman Winston Churchill, but his last name is the most common last name in the English language.  In that, he is both uncommon and common.)  Smith works for the Ministry of Truth- which (can you sense the irony) produces most of the lies that the world of Oceania readily and blindly accepts as fact.His real problems begin when he receives a note from a coworker (or ""comrade"", as Inner Party members are required to refer to each other as), Julia (no last name, just Julia) saying just three words (which could automatically get her arrested by the horribly invasive Thought Police): ""I Love You.""  They meey many times throughout the novel and actually succeed in making love a few times.  (Since the Party wants to destroy all vestiges of true love in its members' lives, Winston and Julia's overt acts of rebellion [i.e. the sex] are the ultimate blows against the society of Oceania.)But, like all things, their romance was not to last.  Mr. Charrington, the person from whom Winston and Julia were renting their room (above his second-hand store), turns out to be a member of the Thought Police,and takes Winston off to be ""healed"".  Through a brutal series of torture sessions from O'Brien, his supposed friend, he learns to ""love Big Brother"".Orwell's satire against the former Communist stranglehold on the nation of Russia is a clear reminder of what could happen if love and absolute truth are taken out of the picture and the government is given complete control over the lives of its citizens."
"I finished this book yesterday evening, and haven't felt quite right since. Winston's plight is the most harrowing read I've ever experienced. I knew that he would be converted but I didn't want to believe it and the end was shocking. How Orwell managed to write this book is beyond me. I would recommend this book to everyone, it really opens your mind and is a thrilling read. Thank god for freedom!"
"Reading this book was a thrilling experience... Especially ""The Manifest""..."
"Nineteen Eighty-Four is not and never has been just a year. Nor is the world portrayed by George Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four a place or even merely a set of political or social circumstances. Rather, Nineteen Eighty-Four is a state of mind, a way of being, an atmosphere in which the dark side of our nature lives and turns all around it darker still. It is a time or place which we create when we turn away from the light that is within us, within each individual self, to the empty darkness of group will and psychology; of ""massmindedness"". Thus do we create for ourselves to live in the world of Nineteen Eighty-Four.Orwell's ""fiction"" of a world in which, but for a lingering echo, individuality had all but passed into extinction, could have been set in any time or place where ""massmindedness"" is paramount and where the individual exists merely to serve the group. Throughout history, most religions have preached, most governments have practiced and most societies have been organized around such ""massmindedness"". It is only the calendar which might confuse and comfort us, which might convince us that Nineteen Eighty-Four was merely a gruesome story about a time and place that never was nor could ever be. But nothing is further from the truth. And the simple truth is that Nineteen Eighty-Four is NOW.In Nineteen Eighty-Four, there are no heroes, except as an idea, an ideal may be said to be a hero. All of its characters are exceedingly human, and this is what makes Nineteen Eighty-Four both timely and timeless, both powerful and profoundly pathetic. Nineteen Eighty-Four is often upsetting, sometimes disheartening, but, when its main lesson is learned, never depressing. It is fundamentally a story of hope, of a truth which can be discovered (although too late for all concerned); a truth which can be seen by us and taken as not only our ideal, but as the practical guide by which, to a greater or lesser extent, we can avoid the very pitfalls which consumed Winston and Julia and O'Brien and Big Brother, and liberate ourselves from the tyrany and ultimate destructiveness of the group and its massminded stranglehold on our minds, our hearts and our souls.Nineteen Eighty-Four is a simple story of faith wrongly placed. Winston Smith, its main character, searches to escape the suffocating and oppressive world manipulated by and for a ruling group, The Party. He believes that he is seeking a political, a social solution with which he can combat, can destroy the evil of group-think and the ""massmindedness"" in which he lives. Instead, he finds the most exquisitely human, individual ""weapon"" with which to pursue his salvation: love. But, as we humans are too often prone to do, Winston overlooks what is simple and obvious, what is at hand, and, even as do those he disdains, he puts his faith in another group, The Brotherhood. (It is not for Winston to realize that his answer lies in the idea and practice of ""brotherhood"", rather than in the imaginary purity of ""The Brotherhood"".) In the end, Winston is betrayed not by his enemies, but, in a real sense, by himself, by his failure to see the worth in the object of his own worship; the individual and the emotional life with which he or she can find their own peace and presence, even in a world gone apparently mad.Winston, with his male oriented solution, seeks one group to combat another group, while Julia, a woman, brings the possibility of true salvation to him (and them) in the idea and practice of individual love. Julia knows the truth, and what is worthwhile, but Winston (the very name of the great male war leader of Orwell's recent past) plunges on ahead, seeking a ""political"", ""social"" solution (not unlike the many male ""leaders"" of all time past). This may be a small (or maybe the greatest) point of the book.It is an instructive book; there is a good deal of What Every Young Person Ought to Know - not in 1984, but 1949. Mr Orwell's analysis of the lust for power is one of the less satisfactory contributions to our enlightenment, and he also leaves us in doubt as to how much he means by poor Smith's ""faith"" in the people (or ""proles""). Smith is rather let down by the 1984 Common Man, and yet there is some insinuation that common humanity remains to be extinguished."
"Do not make the mistake of thinking that Orwell was predicting what might come.  He was already aware that Big Brother was here and not so well.  Since the publishing of this fine book, BB has perfected his techniques.  We are about to relinquish with little fight the last remnants of freedom and privacy our parents once had.I read front page articles of people saying that they don't mind the government opening and reading their mail! ""I HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE."" This is the mentality that leads straight to the gulug or in our case privately owned and operated prisons (the next big franchise business!)In the name of NATIONAL SECURITY we bend over and spread them with trembling fingers.  americans no longer should be allowed to refer to themselves as the land of the free and the home of the brave.  We are neither!If you want to read a book that is even easier to understand, that connects the dots for you, read How to Save America and the World by Joseph Francione.  Or do nothing and wait for your your chains."
"Everyone knows of double-speak, Room 101, and Big Brother. They have become a part of common knowledge, much as 1984 has become the flagship for the genre of the Dystopia.But what truly matters is how good of a read 1984 is, and how well Orwell fills the pages that you'll courageously flip through. Well, the word that best describes 1984 is: harrowing. Each sentences radiates a mood of despair: constant paranoia, unnecissary injustice, paradoxical regulations, torture, fear, etc. And of course, that mood Orwell creates will captivate you. You'll eat the pages; you'll cringe, you'll smirk at the ridiculousness of what you're reading, and you'll love it.Read this book not becuase of the political propaganda, or to understand the termanology that has become a part of our vocalbulary. Read this book because it is a well-written, entertaining read."
"I have read many reviews that consider this book a ""warning"" and seem to think that this is the direction that American society is heading.  Personally, I find it a little hard to believe that the American society that so treasures its freedom of thought and actions, as well as its privacy, could ever evolve into the society described in this book.  I did, however, enjoy the book and would recommend it, but not as a ""warning"".  If anything, it would, perhaps, make the reader value his own freedom."
1984 is one of the great Big Brother books to read.  Pretty freaky how close to reality it actually is.
"1984 is indeed one of the best books I have read, its a books that got you thinking about the events happening around you and getting you to arrive to your own conclusions.  I do not think that a long continnous read is desired for this book, its a book that should be read in smaller sections and then *absorbed*, rather then in a long contineous run which in the end the reader fails to grasp the smaller more important details of the book.In visiting literary post boards, and from people's reactions in school (high school that is), I have noticed  many people fail to see the clear difference between Bigbrother-ism and communism.Is Communism the same thing as Bigbrother-ism?  To be frank, the answer would be an stern no.If you have paid enough attention to Emmanuel Goldstein's essay on ""War is Peace"" (chapter 3 of Goldstien's book) you should have noticed that the constant warfare is support by the government of the 3 powers (Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia) because without constant warfare a hierarchical society would cease to exist! The goal of communism is certainly not the existance of a hierachical socieity, but rather the elimnation of one.Stalinism, Maoism and perhaps even Leninism is not true communism, but a distorted version of communism, Stalinism, one can honestly say, is something that resmbles Bigbrother-ism.  The constant warfare, as explained by Goldstein, is to prevent the build up of WEALTH in the general people.  If WEALTH was evenly distrubuted, then POWER would be impossible to remain to a small privileged elite, therefore in order to have power, warfare is needed to take away wealth from the people and spent on military purposes.  Therefore, one would be utterly mistaken to think of communism (the word ""commune"" as base) as the same thing as Bigbrother-ism.What Orwell offers us in 1984 is not something completely fantastic but very much likely to occur in the near future.  Keeping secrets from the general masses, lies and propganda and the distoration of certain truths exists in all of the powerful ""democratic"" states.  Orwell's Big brother simply goes a step beyond the conventional control and offers us a view of extreme control, in which only a small amount of people actually notices it.  Rather, the general mass accepts it and whole-heartedly welcomes it (same as some of the general masses today), a very horrific thing to see.All in all, Orwell's book offers us a great, relavent story and desveres to be read by all who has an interest in our political future."
"This is a great book.  The book is full of suspense, you never really know what is going to happen next.  It is also scary that someone would predict the future to be so negative and it is even worse that some things in the book are actually happening today.  The author really brings the to life book by using good diction.  Overall, I immensely enjoyed this book and I believe it is a must read for all people."
"This is a great book.  Because it has been unsuccessfully re-written many times by lesser minds people suggest this as the source.  However, the book ""We"" by Eugene Zamatin, an exiled Russian (like Nabokov, or Dostoyevsky), came first is even more powerful.  I believe that it is out of print (at least the english translation), but if there is enough interest in it that could be rectified.  Also, now more than ever the theme of governmental control is very relevant."
"First off it was a great book, and i wanted to say something to Sheri that lives in Grennsboro,north Carolina, when you said that George Orewell needed to stop writing books i almost crapped my pants because he has stoped because he is DEAD stupid!  Anyways it was a great book and you should read it. It makes you think about what our country could have been like if we made the wrong choices or lost a war."
"Cynical, pessimistic, and utterly untrusting of the motives of anyone in a position of power. It's all you need to decipher any political speech, posturing or campaign."
"Goerge Orwell's ""1984"" is nothing more than a sorry man's method of taking out his anger at the world.  Oh, sure, it is well written, but people make it into so much more than it really is.  It is dark, depressing, and I finished reading it feeling like less of a human than when I started.  Why is it that a work of literature that is so empty and void of any meaning is considered to be one of the best?  I dont understand.  1984 is one of the biggest cult classic ever.  The only difference is that some people say ""The Rocky Horror Picture Show"" is very good, and some say it is very bad.  I have only heard revered praise for ""1984"".  It is innacurate, too.  In ""1984"" the government influenced people's minds, taking away their free will.  In reality, that is not possible.  When the Soviet Union collapsed, even those born into communism helped construct a democracy.  Also, in ""1984"" the party is completely invinsible.  It will remain in power forever.  History tells otherwise.  ALL empires fall.  Humanity has been war-torn since it's beginning, and after 5000 years, the world has managed to not be controlled by ""Big Brother"".  Quote from ""1984"": ""Humanity is nothing more than one man shoving another man's face in the mud""  So, ""1984"" tells us that humans are completely useless and we have no reason to exist.  Let's take a look at Orwell.  When he was not homeless, he lived in poverty.  None of his books sold until after he died, and ""1984"" was one of his later books.  Didn't he have plenty to be hateful about?  The best books make you want to be a better person.  ""1984"" does nothing but make you want to stop caring about everything.  ""1984"" is purely a work of fiction, but even though it is grossly unrealistic, it is treated like it was written by God.  There are so many better books out there, please don't waste your time on such an unfufilling and stupid book as ""1984"""
"This is one of the best written books I have had the opportunity to read. Those of you who gave it a 1 are ignorant. And dont worry Sheri, he wont be writting anymore books seeing as how he has been dead for a while now. Before you criticize the writing of a wonderful author please learn how to spell correctly.  1984 is a wonderful trip into the human mind and it shows how those of us in charge can and will do anything to remain in charge. It is a very good follow-up to Animal Farm. They both describe power hungry and greedy people can go to extreme measures to keep that power.  Those who said the government would never end up like this are fooling yourself. The future could very easily end up like this. With the formation of the ""Homeland Security"" it is becoming even more likely that this may well be the future of the world. (Of course thank goodness 1984 wasnt really like that)"
"I read this book a little while ago anf found it very interesting.  It holds many parallels to the real world. And for some of the other reviewers who said it was boring, Orwell is a terrible writer, and its not at all realistic...  Its not supposed to be realistic, its supposed to be an insight into the human mind. Its not boring if you understand it, if you are too ignorant to get it, then of course its boring, I'm sorry your teacher MADE you read it, I'm sure youll be quite content with Dr. Seuss.  And as for the comment about Orwells ability to write, you aren't allowed to talk, I had a hard time making out your review it was so badly written.  If you are insterested in the government as well as psychology, I advise you to read this."
"1984 is the worst book I have ever read. I would advise anyone who is thinking about reading this book to reconcider! George Orwell is not a bad writer, however, this book he does not do evry well on, as some of his others. Prehaps he was getting old and lost his touch. Animal Farm was okay, but 1984 was horrible. It took him forever, it seemed like, to get into the accual book. If someone were to take out all of the useless part of 1984, it would be half as long. Why would he wirte so much about nothing? I havent ever meet someone who could wirte such a boring book about the goverment. I have meet many people who have loved this book, but i dispised it. I am not at all intrested in the goverment. This may be part of the reason that I didnt like it. I would advise you not to read this book."
"i give this book one star i had to read it for class and i know it's suposed to be a ""classic"" but god itis awful. first of all its NOTHING like the future is probly going to turn out. second of all every one says the aurthor george orwell is so trippy and wierd but i think he's just trying to cover up for the fact that HE CAN'T WRITE. please george do us all a faver and stop writing books."
"It feels a bit hard to add my thoughts about this much discussed masterpiece but I will do the best I can. 1984 tells us of a (not so) distant future where all our thoughts and actions are watched by fascist leaders. We follow our anti-hero Winston throiugh a journey of discovery and rebellion. To say more would spoil the fun of this book. This book is a thriller for the thinking mind. Do these leaders actually exist or is it all a sham? Will Winston succeed? It also raises questions towards our modern world in which there are cameras almost everywhere and in which we are constantly using newspeak don't u think? (hehe) A great pessimistic work. Though it is realist in the context of the dictatorship it describes. Also note the theme of the liberating woman which has been used many times in literature notably in ""We"" by Zamiatine (a precursor to Orwell ). I could say much more but I have a feeling everything I've already said has been said over and over again. So just read it and join the revolution of the masses."
"A great book, depressing, but great.  1984 is very well-written, and it is unique.  Unlike most books written in 1949 about 1984, it is not about people traveling by jet-packs.  It explores a world controlled by the government in every aspect.  Nothing, including your thoughts are your own.  A world where the only love is the love of the government, and individuality does not exist.  Minds are brain-washed and war is never-ending.  A world where 2+2=5, a world where you can trust no one, not even yourself.  1984 changes the way you look at the world.  A classic and a must-read."
"I sat up until 6 am to finish this book. It's gloomy, depressing, yes, but also very good. Lots of surprises in the most unexpected places, a very original plot, and very good quality of writing. I have never read a book that makes you realise how lucky you are to be living in a society like this. I think it would've even made people in concentration camps feel good about themselves.I think after you fight your first shock of the depression that this book brings, you will realise how nice it is to live wherever you live. All in all, great book, a true masterpiece. Buy it. It's only $7 anyway."
"Read this book.  No matter what your political affiliations, this classic will open your eyes to the dangers of conformity and control.  In Orwell's chilling vision, only opinions and views approved by the State are permitted.  Is the world we live in today so very different?  Yes and no.  No, we are not arrested for listening to the Dixie Chicks.  Nor are we jailed for reading Ann Coulter.  Yes, there are those in positions of influence (on both sides of the political spectrum) who would probably like to make a few such arrests.  Just kidding ... maybe.This book is brilliantly written, the characters well-developed and compelling, the setting frighteningly real.  The central thrust of this novel is the idea that being able to tell the truth is essentially being free to comment upon the world as you understand it.  We all have different points of view, none of which represents the sum total of reality.  Orwell creates a world where the ruling powers dictate the perception of reality to the masses.  Reading this book will help to train you to identify this practice in the modern world and, hopefully, also train you to resist."
"This book reflects many aspects of our societies, in a clearly, detailed way, both good and bad ones.You may know the saying ""history is written by the victors."" 1984 goes deeper and explains you why they write (and rewrite) the history, how they do it, or how would they do it.The story becomes beatiful when describing love, peace, songs, and so on, but it is cruel when talking about punishments and total control (I skipped some pages).When reading the book you would either think ""this is a novel"" or ""this is our society."" But you might think ""this is our society"" after finishing the book, anyway.Not a book to enjoy, but for reflections."
"George Orwell writes an amazing book on one mans life, from what he thought 1984 would be like.  it was stunning and wonderful.  I definetly reccomend this book!!  I had no idea what i would be reading when i came home from my sister's house when she gave me 1984."
"One caveat if you are thinking of buying this edition: this is not the way you should read the story for the first time. However, if you've read it and would like a piece of history to call your own, this is a worthy addition to your library.I first read 1984 when I was in the seventh grade. It earned me sneers and odd looks from my classmates, but I recognized it for what it is - a warning. This book helped shape my outlook on the world, and particularly on politics. It made me wary of false promises and doubletalk - ""newspeak"" - something that has unfortunately come true within my lifetime. War is peace, black is white, down is up.Last year I finally bought a hardcover edition of the standard edition to add to my library. This manuscript is no substitute for a standard edition, in terms of reading at leisure. It has all of the corrections, crossed-out paragraphs (and pages), and the majority of it is in Orwell's own hand (i.e. not typed). To read the story in this form for the first time would be daunting.Nevertheless I cherish it. I cannot recommend this book highly enough to devotees of Orwell. It occupies a treasured space in my bookcase."
"1984George Orwell's most famous novel. Written in the 1950's, during a time of post WWII cleanup and violent revolutions in Central and Eastern Europe, 1984 plunges the World into a limited nuclear war, and the division of the planet into three superstates, which are constantly ""at war"" with each other. The main character and the leading lady live in the Superstate of Oceania, where Totalitarian Government controls every aspect of the lives of the citizens. Big Brother ""watches"" his citizens via the Thought Police, by means of spying on them, even in their homes, with electronic devices. Three words from this book, Thoughtcrime, Double Speak and Double Think have made their way into common English vocabulary.  After reading the book, you are left with a hollow and helpless feeling. I recommend this book to everyone."
"Being a ninth-grader, I looked over the required reading list for high-school and saw that later, incoming juniors had to read 1984. I don't know about you, but I looked at the book and in my opinion it looked quite bulky. I figured I should start reading it now and in two years I might finish it. Surprisingly, though, the book read awfully quickly. Parts of the book are so terrifyingly captivating that I was drawn in, and at points I just found myself reading faster and faster. The reason for this is: not only does Orwell use stunningly descriptive language combined with expert storytelling, the message is clear and profound: A government can only be as perfect as the people running it and living under it, and we should not try to make people perfect. By purging man of evil, we also destroy his good, and drain all humanity from him. Orwell gives future peoples a choice: a perfect society in which people are mindless drones, or a society in which we are human and do our best.In the story, we see a society in which people cannot step one toe out of line, or they are swept away to the Ministry of Love, a vividly and horrifically described torture chamber where one is mutilated physically, mentally and emotionally until one corrects his way of thinking to match that of the Party, an all-powerful upper-class which can very well proclaim that 2+2=5.After reading ""Animal Farm,"" I expected ""1984"" to be a satire on government of the day. I found it hard to believe that the two books were written by the same author. ""1984"" is much, much deeper and warns us that a greater power than the government of our day may soon arise to steal away our humanity. Since we are supposed to be the future, I suggest that any high school students read this book (hey, it's probably going to be required reading sooner or later, right?)Orwell takes the reader from the depths of fear to the height of romantic literature to a spark of hope and then back to fear again in a highly powerful novel, and a good read."
"1984 was not a book, it was an experience. Possibly one of the most thought provoking and intriguing books I have ever read, 1984 tells a tale of a ""future"" as Orwell envisioned it in 1949. Although 1984 is long gone, Orwell's tale is still as haunting as ever. It tells of a totalitarian society, where Big Brother is constantly watching every single move Party members make through a device called a telescreen, and it is a crime to even THINK a thought that is anti-party. The party controls everything. If a person were to so much as LOOK discontented with a party decision, they would be tortured until they loved big brother.Which brings us to Winston, the main character in the book. He is quite obviously discontented with the party. He takes many risks, such as getting involved in a love affair, writing a diary where he recorded ""Down with big brother"", and getting involved with an underground brotherhood. However, he does this in such a blatant way, that he is almost setting himself up to be caught. He yearns to be killed for his political heresy. Which makes the ending all the more ironic.This book is truly one of the most interesting reads. Orwell's novel is very rightly called a classic. This timeless masterpiece will always serve as a warning to the dangers of a totalitarian state, and if not that, just to the upholding of the importance of free thought and speech."
"George Orwells 1984 is by far my favoirte book  of all time. As of last year you would have to pay me to read , but my first year of highschool seemed to be a real slap in the face. We read over14books this year. Most i would read only because i had to  , but with 1984 something was differnt.  I read 1984 with full intrest until the very last word. The basis of the story was all i needed , all the added details were just one of the many bonuses. These days people are so concerned with their reputations in society that no one  will stand up for what they believe in .  This was a refreshing read to break up all the social ""stuffy-ness"" and made me believe , if u stand up for what is right then you will get results."
"This book is a great read.  It has one of the most powerful endings to any book I have ever read.  Not quite as good as A Brave New World in my eyes, but close.  The plot basically centers around two people's personal rebellion agains the now infamous ""Big Brother"".  Any serious reader should have not only read this book, but should have it in their library.  No matter how much time passes since it was written, it is still a relevant book."
"Many people that I have spoken to that have read this book have downplayed it's genious and told me of it's tediousness. When I chose this book for an Independent Reading Project in my English class, mostly out of spite and interest in the title, I was brought into a world of tolatanarist leadership and of a little man struggling to find himself.I'll admit, the book itself is difficult reading, but at the same time is very descriptive and almost fortelling of an apocolyptic disaster. There is not one boring point throughout the entire book, and at every turn, someone is decieving someone else and the world is revolving again.I recommend this book to anyone who has the knowledge to comprehend stereo instructions but at the same time, fully understands them. This book is full of symbols and if you can't figure them out in the beginning, you will be lost at the end."
"I just read this book for the firdt time (May 2003). Although it was written in the 1950's, one should not underestimate its relevance.  This is a powerful work that shows what could have happened in Western Europe if WWIII actually happened. You become Winston (the main character) and you can identify with his life, which consists of a horribly boring job at the ""Ministry of Truth"" and who is, along with every other human being on Earth, is constantly watched by the Thought Police, which also bans all resistance tools. You become aware of the struggle that is Winston's (main character) desire to get away (with Julia) from the all-oppresssive Total Government Control of all aspects of human life. I would suggest this book as required reading for everyone... Big Brother is Watching You... The imagery and horror say it all."
"Filed under the Dystopian section of fiction, 1984's cynical vision of an unsuperable dictatorship is a classic and profound work of literature. As in Orwell's first novel, Animal Farm, 1984 exudes great amounts of irony and symbolism in an incisive and meaningful way.The story consists of a brief chronology of events in Winston Smith's life. Winston is a disillusioned and repressed worker in the city of Oceania, a militaristic superstate. Winston believes that the bleek status quo was much better in his past, but do to the laws executed by Big Brother, the ubiquitous figurehead of the government, history itself has become alterable and destructible, and Winston can't mesh his thoughts into a coherent pattern. As Winstons circadian afflictions begin to grow on him heavily, a stroke of luck graces his misfortunate life when a beautiful young girl named Julia, who Winston was previously skeptical of, confides her love in him. Julia revigorates Winston's life and becomes an evergrowing source of light and happiness to his newly formed being.On a balmy June day, Winston and Julia's seperate peace is suddenly extirpated by a surprising twist of fate- Winston's kindly old friend Mr. Charington (owner of Winston and Julia's garret), who seems unaffected by the party, betrays Winston and divulges his whereabouts to the Thought Police, a sophisticated and merciless law enforcing team. From here on, things rapidly decline for Winston. He is beaten, tortured, humiliated, and deprived of any small solace to help him. During this period of debasement and castigation, Winston is interogated by his fellow worker named O'Brian, who Winston looks at with idyllic love and compassion throughout the course of the novel. In the paramount scene of the novel set in Room 101, O'Brian quashes all logic and sense that Winston tries to use against the Party, and succeedes in destroying every ounce of humanity left in Winston, forcing him to love Big Brother and betray Julia.1984 displays George Orwell's outstanding brilliance in an earnest, captivating fashion. Orwell's desperate, seemingly hopeless forebodings to society as a whole are thought to have been addressed to Communist or Nazi regimes, whose terrible dictatorships brought about the deaths of millions of innocent people. However, Orwell clearly illustrates that mutiny against any tryanical government is futile. One may be lead to believe that Orwell was a cynical, desolate individual focusing only on the bad or injurious parts of a civilization and the hopelessness of autonomous efforts to enhance goodness in a society. Contrary to this idiology, I believe Orwell's 1984 is a an ingenius device that accurately portrays a society that will be formed from ignorance and repression, but through such a powerful novel, Orwell disseminates his profound and wise message to the masses, and aptly conveys his yearning for a just and egalitarian society for everyone."
"If you're politically inclined, you'll love this novel about Oceania.  Though this book is fiction, you'll find more similarities with your life than you thought possible.  The symbolism is great and should be a must-read for any high school student in a high school civics course."
"Winston Smith, member of the Outer Party, a small, petty cog in the great machination of ""Big Brother"", tries to step out from the shadow of his life in George Orwell's now masterpiece, ""1984"". Written over 50 years ago, this book was to serve several purposes, one being a warning to the present that a future like this, however fantastic and unbelievable,  could be in the making should we allow for it to happen.Winston leads the dull life of a worker, not encouraged to think, or dream, for feel for himself. His whole life must be driven to support the Party, which promulgates an apparent non-entity Big Brother as the supreme one.  Winston early on shows the spark of individuality that the Party so wants to extinguish; by daring to write a journal on his own, he seals his fate early in the story. Soon he meets Julia, another worker, who charms and dares him even further to enocurage having an affair.  Together they make a lethal pair, and some lethal decisions, which leads to the great climax in the Ministry of Love.What lies in the story is an amazing prophecy of government gone mad. The Party believes in creating present truths by writing and rewriting the past on its whim.  The Party understands in order to control the people, it must control the language, thereby, creating ""Newspeak"".  The Party makes people simply vanish, eradicating them from existance. The Party realizes the people who follow are merely plebians in society, and therefore, should be encouraged to not think for themselves.  In fact, the Party is able to directly lie to the people, using ""doublethink"", where they say one thing but mean the other.How much of Orwell's nightmare is something that can be true today? Do we have a government out of control, one that manipulates information for its own benefit, to justify war, ensure fear and terror reigns over the country; one that illegally detains people without trial, right to counsel, or even being charged with a crime; one that wants to extensively monitor our personal phone calls, e-mails, the books we check out of the library, the things we buy in stores. The dots are there to connect them; the challenge is, will you dare to do it, like Winston Smith dared?I believe 1984 is ultimately a hopeful book. Orwell wants to challenge humanity, that during times of crisis, we are able to rise up and change things, so the fateful prophecy so nobly and horrifyingly espoused in 1984 , will only stay between the covers of the book. The choice is up to us."
"I have just finished reading 1984 by George Orwell. On the surface it seems to be an interesting glance at the ""future"" that our grandparents envisioned. This however could not be farther from the truth. 1984 is in fact a lame, boring, and novel that attempts to be philosophical. I say ""attempts"" because any useful words of philosophy are lost or choked by the presence of Winston, the lame, spine-less main character who seems intent on boring the reader to death. Orwell attempts to make Winston likable but his acts of stupidity (i.e. trusting in a world where trust really should be earned) and lack or actions, other than sexual, make the reader hate him. However, even in the face of utter boredom and disgust, there are a few good things about this book. Number one would have to be the setting. The book is set in a ""future"" London. It is filled with small, aging apartments where Party members live, dark slums and alleyways for nonparty members, and large, imposing government buildings. You can almost visualize this London and replace it with the London of today. Number two would have to be that this book allows Westerners to get a feel for life under a dictatorship, such as life in Russia under Stalin and Germany under Hitler. This makes it a great book to read to understand such a life and appreciate the freedoms of democracy. In short, 1984 is nothing more than a second rate book attempting to develop profound, intelligent themes. However, these themes are lost in the monotony of the book and the reader gains only a better understanding for life under a dictatorship and appreciation for the freedoms of democracy. On a scale of 5 stars, I give this book 1 star for its attempts at philosophical content and its insights into dictatorships. It also makes a great substitute for a sleeping pill because it'll put you out like a light and is not habit forming."
"In the book 1984, George Orwell depicts a dystopia, a world that went wrong, a world of manipulation and control which uses its people against themselves like pawns. It provides stimulating themes of dehumanization, isolation, repression, loneliness, social class disparity and abuse of power. Orwell has mixed these themes and has blended them into a classic image of a dystopian world. 1984 was meant as a warning against totalitarian tendencies rather than a prophetic work. These various fears and uncertainties disclosed in 1984 can be perceived as a reflection of today's society.Although 1984 was written in 1948 and published in 1949, Orwell was successful in portraying the world's totalitarian society-which exists today. He was able to prophesize about what the world is going to turn out like. As the year 1984 has passed, many think of Orwell as a skeptic or just a mere critic, while the case is quite different. George Orwell's predictions have been proved to be quite accurate. 1984 is the first book which gives us an accurate insight on today's world. This thought-provoking book encourages the reader to believe that this stereotype society of today is actually under control of governments which are hiding things from the local public. By giving examples, 1984 shows how these governments and ""big fish"" can use innocent people as puppets for their own use and tools for their own machinery.Some of the dark shadows portrayed in 1984, like subjugation, social class discrepancy and abuse of power can be eye-openers. One of the worst realities/fears disclosed in 1984 is invasion of privacy and oppression by the government. These factors count as the crux of 1984 and the message Orwell wants to convey to his readers. Invasion of privacy by the government is revealed at every stage, as the chapters of 1984 unfold. Evidence such as ""Big Brother is Watching You"" and the monitoring of actions by the telescreen and the police patrol system, which keeps track of people and check over what people are doing, clearly shows that there is no privacy in the dystopian world exposed in 1984. This invasion of privacy of the people of Oceania, keeps them from living their life like normal people and this is how Orwell convinces readers to avoid any path that might lead toward such societal degradation. Orwell's main goals in 1984 are to depict the frightening techniques a totalitarian government (in which a single ruling class possesses absolute power) might use to control its subjects, and to illustrate the extent of the control that the government is able to exert. This totalitarian society shown in 1984 is indirectly related to the invasion of privacy which is further connected with the oppression by the government. This domination of the government in Orwell's dystopia can be seen in various instances, like the unsanitary and squalor conditions of Airstrip One, which indirectly makes it possible for the government to suppress the locals. Another technique of repression is that of how they tell incorrect numbers of increase or decrease in ration production etc. By carrying these type of activities, the government is not only hypnotizing the citizens of Oceania but the government is also making them realize that they are helpful and concerned about the welfare of their society, which makes the ignorant people of Oceania (proles) happy and satisfied with their helpless lives, and most of them do not even understand that the Party is oppressing them.Of course, the world that Orwell envisioned in 1984 did not materialize. Yet 1984 remains an important novel, for the alarm it sounds against the abusive nature of authoritarian governments, but even more so for it's in depth analysis of the psychology of power and the ways that manipulations of language and history can be used as mechanisms of control. Examples such as how America is trying to take over all the resources of the world and how it is trying to tap phone calls and keep an eye of what is going on all over the country are all examples of invasion of privacy and the initial process of the formation of a totalitarian society. If a person focuses on today's world, he will surely be able to visualize a world which has not come under authoritarian rule today, but a world which will definitely materialize in Orwell's words, tomorrow. Though the world did not fall under authoritarian control as Orwell feared it might, 1984 has not become dated; it remains an invaluable book, warning against a world that could come into existence and a world that has not completely escaped from the dystopian dangers that Orwell once described.1984 has definitely found its place in the world of literature. It is a book that awakens those people who are victims of autocratic governments. It awakens people from their robotic lifestyles. 1984 gives a chance to all its readers to grasp the realities of totalitarian regimes and how innocent people are hypnotized and used as automations. 1984 is unquestionably a worthwhile read. It is simply mind grasping, thought provoking and mesmerizing. This is what makes George Orwell a genius of the 20th century."
"This Book covers ""The Theory and Practice of Oligarchic Collectivism"" which is rule by the oligarchic plutocracy with or without rigged elections or a ""choice"" of 2 corporate owned candidates. This is fascism: the open terrorist dictatorship of the most reactionary components of the oligarchy and finance capital. The regime is protected by dumbing down the population, scapegoating demagogues, fake terrorism....anything to focus the attention of the populace on anyone but their real enemies the looting parasitical oligarchy. The only socialism involved here is socialism for the rich (bale outs for the rich, subsidies from the state). Free enterprise for the working class. George Orwell got it right. In response to the person who claims that this is a book about ""socialism"": socialism is collective ownership of the means of production by the working class. We obviously do not have this in the US. The oligarchs own the means of production and the government and the tax payers subsidize them and their corporate fist known as the pentagon. Also, saying that Russians have a dead look in their eyes from living under totalitarianism: would it suprise you to know that in the 2002 Russian elections that the largest bloc of votes was for communists??? The oligarchs then removed the communists from the Duma (Nazi DICTATORSHIP style or USA style). This was not reported in the US corporate media cartel propaganda outlets because it blows the lies that the Russians are happy that the oligarchs are in charge again and have looted 40% of them into poverty in just 10 years."
"1984 is an amazing cautionary tale of what happens when the government runs amok and squelches the very people it is supposed to represent.  As with any symbolic tale, readers will allow The Party- and its figurehead, Big Brother- to embody whatever agency or institution they deem oppressive, although it should not be lost that the political philosophy of 1984, or ""INGSOC,"" is a paraphrase of ""English Socialism.""  Orwell, like Ayn Rand, foresaw the bleakness of a socialism approaching its purest form, and recognized how society becomes much blander and grayer with regulation and equal rationing for everyone.For everyone, that is, except for those in charge, such as the antagonist O'Brien and the Brotherhood.  The Inner Party members purposely created a caste system under the auspices of caring for those who are less fortunate or intelligent, while in reality systematically ensuring that the rich and powerful stayed that way, without threat of the lower classes revolting.  The Inner Party learned from history that those in power rarely stay that way, and eventually get knocked off their pedestal by the leaner, hungrier classes below them.  By creating artificial scenarios of constant war, Thought Police, and imprisoning work conditions that held no promise of improving societal conditions, the Outer Party members and ""Proles"" (from proleteriat)  would always remain too tired and intimidated to rail against their surroundings.  The primary aim of modern warfare, for instance, was to use up the products of the machine without raising the general standard of living.Politics aside, 1984 is a compelling action story, and I was surprised at the many racy, sexy, violent, and terrifying scenes therein, all of which kept me spellbound.  Though the future predictions of Big Brother had not materialized by 1984, or (arguably) even now, this story's plot or action sequences are not one bit dated.  Protagonist Winston Smith, and eventually his love interest Julia, is involved in a true rage against the machine that immediately engages the reader and summons both interest and sympathy.  Surprises abound, and I had no idea until the story's end as to whether Smith would conquer the system, or end up being convinced that 2 +2 = 5.There are far too many fascinating aspects of this book to list.  For one, the concept of memory eradication, and whether or not something really did happen if there is no proof to be found of its occurrence.  Oceania, homeland to Winston Smith, was alternately at war with either Eastasia or Eurasia, and as soon as the enemy changed, any proof of having battled the other was immediately banished.  In fact, Winston worked in the Ministry of Truth, where he and his coworkers spent their days erasing (e.g., burning papers or rewriting newspaper columns for the archives) any proof of events whose existence contravened the present philosophy- this way, (a rewritten) history would show that Big Brother never got his facts or predictions wrong.The book's language is amazing- clearly Orwell envisioned not only an entire dictionary's worth of new words, but a revolutionary new approach to speech as a device to control the thoughts of the speaker.  The elimination of words which hold secondary meanings, and/or which convey independent thought, engenders a world in which people are incapable of- or not aware of the possibility of- treasonous thoughts (""thoughtcrimes""), let alone acts.  ""Doublethink"" is the act of consciously denying reality, and making oneself believe wholeheartedly Big Brother's fictions."
"I read 1984 a few weeks ago after having ordered it from Amazon.com. My reasons for this were because the book had been mentioned quite frequently on some of the websites that I freqent online, and with all that is going on these days with the government, and everyone's fears (including my own) of our diminishing freedoms here in the United States, I found my site interested in reading this book. I haven't actually read anything else by George Orwell and not sure if I will or not, but I did enjoy reading 1984 and found it to be of great interest.Some of the parts throughout the book were scary. Some were sad. A few were humorous, such as when they were talking about the newspeak for the first time and how they wanted to get rid of a lot of words, which would no doubt make the language quite confusing. Much of the book was creepy, though, and I found myself comparing certain things in this book to stuff that was happening currently in the United States. While an exact replica of Oceania probably isn't likely to occur, it is very possibly, and unfortunately very likely as well, that the US may at some point in the near or distant future become something very close to what Oceania was in 1984, and that's what is so scary about it. I am not saying that it is a premonition set in stone, of course, but 1984 does serve as a warning that, yes, something like this could indeed happen and will happen if we allow it to; if only more people would listen to it...The character of Winston Smith was very well portrayed. He is a confused character throughout the beginning of the book, not sure where he stands, not sure if he is insane or not, though as it goes on, he becomes more sure in his stance against Big Brother, and his struggle to remain human in an inhumane society devoid of all emotion, save for a fierce loyalty and devotion to Big Brother.There isn't a lot of action and suspense in this book, so if you're looking for that, you might do well to look elsewhere.On the other hand, there are a lot of interesting philosophies and politics discussed throughout the book, and its definitely something that will make you think long after you are done reading. Along with being thought-provoking, it lends a credible, yet very terrifying vision of the future."
"Like his earlier novel `Animal Farm,' George Orwell's masterpiece 1984 explores the terror of totalitarianism.  Both novels are cases of socialism gone awry, of revolutions which start out trying to throw off an oppressive government and end up establishing a new one which is even more oppressive than before.  The masses (not very intelligent, according to Orwell, and easily manipulated and persuaded) are used by the middle-class to displace the upper-class, not so a system of equality can be established (though that is the promise given to the masses) but rather that a new upper-class can take the place of an old one.  It is significant that Orwell, who was a believer in socialism himself, used socialism as the basis of the revolution, but it is also true that this concept can be applied to any form of government.This book expands upon Orwell's message in `Animal Farm.'  In that book, the animals stage a revolution--in this book, the revolution is already accomplished, and the new government firmly in place.  The government of `Big Brother' (the dictator figure of 1984) allows its subjects no liberties and no freedoms whatsoever--not even privacy in their own homes.  The past-in the form of old media and history books-is controlled by `The Party,' as is the language (The Party is working on a system of language, which will eliminate any words which do not agree with the Party's intentions).  The Party government of 1984 seems very exotic, since nothing of that sort has actually taken place.  But there are still lessons to be learned.Perhaps the most poignant lesson of the novel is described by the `Newspeak' word ""Doublethink"" (Orwell coined this word).  It means, in effect, the ability to believe something even in the face of evidence to the contrary.  A parent who will not believe her child would use drugs even when she finds them in his room is a good example of this.  In fact, ""Doublethink"" is a much greater threat than we choose to believe.  The genius of this novel is that Orwell is able to point out problems such as these, problems in our own society.  Though most of the setting of the novel is extreme, many of the ideals and guidelines the Party teaches are real threats, threats we face today.This is one of the great novels of the 20th century.  It is almost standard reading for high-schoolers, but this does not mean that it is a juvenile work of fiction.  On the contrary, the mental dictatorship of 1984 is not an impossible threat, even today, and for this message the book is justly termed a classic."
"When I first read this novel I liked it but thought that it could have been better. I think much of my thining was caused by Brave New World. But the more research I did into this work and Blair himself lead me to believe that he was right-on. The type of totalitarianism that he was addressing were despotic. I found it odd though that Blair seemed to demonstrate the Marxist system in such a bad light. But it seems that if one looks at his commentary in the light in which it was written one sees that he was not addressing Marxism but Bolshevism (or Sovietism) and Nazism. These were not the happy pleasant dystoipias that one finds in Huxley. Also the issues that Blair was addressing were different from those that are normally thought of, especially in the cse of Huxley. Blair is addressing humanity and the abstracts that go with it while Huxley is looking at aspects of Western culture (e.g. drugs, technology, education and higherarchical class structure). It's true that many of the same issues are dealt with in both works but Huxley still comes to happier conclusions, disturbing as they may be. The reason for this seems to be that Huxley's world was the precursor to Blair's. The war had not yet begun. The socialist experiments in Germany and the Soviet Union had not yet failed. The Spanish revolution had not yet begun. While the world was not perfect it was much easier to be ignorant about the many evils of the world and assume that the only ills that the world could bring were held in the deterioration that over-indulgance would yield. While both are accurate Blair had a lot more information to work with."
"1984 is definitely one of those classics that should be required reading for everyone. Even if you're not interested in politics, this book gets under your skin to the very fears we have about the government controlling our lives. The message Orwell is conveying is indeed relevant to modern times with the war on terror, the Patriot Act, and media biases that are a part of the national conscience. The characters come alive through the vivid language and you grow to feel sympathetic to Winston and his psychological downspiral. This book is one that keeps you interested the whole time because of the suspense and wise foresight it contains. You will end the book feeling pensive and open to discuss what you agreed or disagreed with this novel. Bottom line: read the book!"
"This Orwell future dystopia thriller is my personal favorite of the dystopia books.  Not that I don't like Brave New World, but this one is much more, uh...realistic.  Anyway, it's a chilling story of outlawed pleasure and independence.  A man and his illegal girlfriend go against the Party.  The rest is yours to find out."
"I think Orwell spent 2 much time on developing his world and his own language (new-speak) and not enough time on the story and chartacters.  This is quite a simple book and very stright-foreward.  The characters seem unrealistic and not very likeable, but his world is amazing in it's intricate structure.  He planned out Oceania down to the very last detail, If only he had spent the same amount of time on the story and charactersthen This would have been a definite calssic, but as is, I still cannot say I found it as amazing as the other reviewers.  But this is a great introduction to literature, just don't take it in a classroom setting as it kills the enjoyment of reading it"
"Obviously, the year 1984 has long since passed, but that does not in no way plague the george orwell novel, it merely adds to it. 1984 is a masterpiece, a look into where he thought the world was turning to, and where it could possibly end up 35 years after the novel was published. It is a story about negative utopia, where the people behind Big Brother believe they have created the perfect world, where there are no freedoms. Heck, one of their three slogans is ""Freedom is Slavery."" the others are ""War is Peace"" and ""Ignorance is Strength."" The lead character is Winston Smith, who has been one such human who has lived both in this new ""perfect"" world and in the world of the past, where everyone lived in peace, where they were not watched 24 hours in a day, where their THOUGHTS were still a private issue. He thinks he can remember back where life was lived how anyone wanted to live it, but no one around him believes him. How can this be? There is no past. Ironically, Smith even works in the Ministery of Truth, where he is among the many who receive newspaper clippings and other data which he must rewrite to make it look like Big Brother is controlling the people perfectly. If there is a shortage of crops? Winston merely writes in that the years previous crop yield was less than the current years, so the yield is no longer a shortage, but a surplus. Rearranging the past trickles down to the roots of Big Brother, where with a simple eraser, people easily believe that Big Brother life is much better and offers even more freedoms than the life people had been living in the past. It is up to Winston Smith to change this view, find some evidence that life before Big Brother was more peaceful. A truly must read for lovers of any genre, eaily one of my all time favorites. It took over a couple pages for me to realize that I was hooked. Not only does orwell offer us a look into his version of the future, but in turn offers us an incredible ending, with a shocking last four words."
"Anybody who has not read this book is depriving themselves of great literature.  Not only does it depict a perfect example of a negative utopia, but it illustrates the way people were thinking at the time it was written.  George Orwell is one of the best writers of all time, and this masterpiece is a prime example why. Once you crack open this book, you cannot put it down.  Bottom line, you need this book."
"I am not going to summarize the book becuz I am going to leave it up to the 1000 people who did the review of the book before me. This is a pretty good book, I probably wont read it again but it was still good. I love Orwell's pessimistic view on life it is some what enlightening. He is a realist and I entirely respect that he doesn't sugar coat anything or wrap it up in happily ever after.  well any who read this book if you would like a shot of reality to the head."
"Orwell wanted to warn his readers about the danger of totalitarian regimes. The promises of the fascist and nazi ideologies had misled millions and thrown the world into the ravages of the second world war. Stalinist Soviet Union was seen by many as a model state. Orwell knew far too well what was hidden beneath the promises of security, bread, and jobs for all.1984 has become a household name as few other books; who does not know about Big Brother, or the Thought Police, nowadays? Even the title has become a catchphrase. I do not know any other cult-book that has been so thoroughly ripped apart by other famous authors; I remember Isaac Asimov thrashing it in the nineteen-eighties for instance. Many seem to believe that the society described by Orwell is an impossibility. The problem with the book is that Orwell thought his society would be a product of revolutions. When instead, in reality, the changes creep upon us. A new law here, a small change to statutes there.The most obvious paralell to the book we have now is, of course, the war on terror. We have from top officials that it is going to go on for a long time, and that it is, essentially, unwinable. Readers of 1984 of course recognize the eternal war described in the book. Another paralell is how history changes; Winston Smith's job is to rewrite history so that it suits the present situation. Don't we recognize that? In the ninetenn-eighties, Iraq was our ally; now, Iraq has always been our enemy. Thought Police, I need not even mention this; the administration knows everything about us, and is prepared to use it.We even have paralells to the Anti-Sex movement! The list can just go on.Orwell's book was a cry for reason in the aftermath of a world gone mad. As with so many other cries for reason it disappears among the siren calls of our leaders.I first read it over twenty years ago, in a different world; it was good then - it should be essential reading now!"
"I LOVE THIS BOOK. If you haven't read it, you are totally missing out. Enough said."
"This book in one word is shocking. Not necessarily shocking in the sense that it's shockingly bad, but the point it conveys, the powerful frightening messages it contains, and the warning it has on modern-day civilization is shocking; It's too ""apocalyptic"" to believe, yet it shows that if our world continues to gradually decline, that this may very well be our future. So in that sense this book is great. It is powerful, well-written, and easily a classic that should be passed down from generation to generation.A word of caution, however; this book is not a light, fun read to quickly skim over. It is  a book to dwell on, to study, and to learn from.So, with that said, read this book and see into the frightening reality of 1984."
"I can add little to the numerous compliments already expressed for this classic fiction except to say the following:1. It is more than science fiction - it held relevance back in 1948 and has political relevance in 2003. It is a story that explains with the utmost clarity how people can be corrupted and controlled by their political leaders.2, If you find the political elements a tad boring then try the following abridged audio version. I very highly recommend the absolutely brilliant reading by an English Actor John Nettles. This audio version will persuade any doubter of the absolute genius of George Orwell.This audio version is so brilliant that even those who are familiar with the story will be in for a treat.3. This novel gets better and better with each reading - reading it not only makes you more poliically aware but tackles the philosophical question 'what is human?'/ 'what is real?'Worth every one of it 5 stars - one of the few 'must reads'."
"Long before I read 1984, I read Brave New World and Anthem.  All three have similar subject matter: the bleak future.  Both Brave New World and 1984 depict technology run rampant and used to further de-humanize the populous.  1984 is a bleak book, but in parts very powerful.  I would say, however, that at times Orwell lost my interest.  He is in love with narrative, which is fine, but occasionally it drones on.  I would say that Brave New World is a better book to read about how the future CAN go wrong, mainly because it is much more entertaining.  But 1984 has a ton of integrity, especially in the ending."
"George Orwell's 1984 is a true classic. Orwell's megastate Oceania is a truly frightening dystopia. Winston Smith and his girlfriend, Julia, rebel against a monsterous police state bent on controlling the very thoughts a person may have. Thoughtcrime,doublespeak, and Big Brother are terms we have come to use to describe our real life governments attack on our own liberties. Smith rebels against the maddness and oppression of Oceania by having a secret love affair with Julia, a woman sworn to celibacy for the ""Party"". After being arrested by the Thought Police they are brought to the ""Ministry of Love"" where Winston is submitted to unremmitting torture and brutality at the hands of his torturer, O' Brien. O'Brien is the consumate collectivist.He loves and worships pure power and enjoys ""destroying minds"". He informs Winston that the Party determines ultimate truth and that truth is whatever the Party says it is. He chillingly tells Winston "" Here is a picture of humanity, a boot stamping on a human face, forever."" a truly wonderful, frightening, but appropriate classic in these tmes of assaults on our liberties. A truly great book."
"My city, Bloomington, Indiana, chose ""1984"" to read this year for its One City One Book event this spring.  In 2002 we read ""A Lesson Before Dying,"" also a wonderful book, but this year, the organizing committee let the citizens vote from a list of nominees.  We selected ""1984."" As part of the National Library Week celebration last week the Indiana University librarians sponsored a discussion ""1984"" at our Lilly Library, which houses our rare books and special collections, including some Orwell material.  The discussion was led by an emeritus English professor; he introduced the discussion with three themes/questions he found to be interesting.  The discussion took off from his excellent introduction.  I urge other communities to select this book to read and discuss.  It is a darkly compelling novel that lends itself to many approaches and interpretations.  Thus, it is a fabulous book to read and discuss with others.  In fact, as I read, I couldn't wait to hear what other people thought about the book. It's a love story and a thriller.  It's a political treatise and a rumination on totalitarianism.  As other reviewers have said, against the backdrop of the war with Iraq, it is timely.  But it is also timeless.  The themes and issues explored in ""1984"" will be relevant every year.  I couldn't put it down!"
"This book was a blend of horror, mystery, sci fi and real-world polictal irony. It was masterfully writeen, with all the right words in the right places. I would highly suggest this book to anyone who enjoys the ""future"" (which is really the present, in Orwell's case). It is ver interesting to see how things were predicted to happen: which came true and which didn't?"
"My name is Sean and I chose this book as a lit circle book in Mrs. Matau's class at Walla Walla High School.  I liked 1984.  It has conspiracy and oddly enough no written laws.Your used to watching the TV, in the book it watches you as well.If you can see the screen, Big Brother can see you.If you like undercover conspiracy stories then you will more than likely enjoy the theme of this book.Hope that helped you get a good idea of George Orwell's 1984."
"I just finished reading CONQUEST OF PARADISE, a brilliant book about the decline of the entire world into a totalitarian dictatorship that seemed as real any I've ever read. It reminded me of the prophetic Orwell's 1984. As the years pass on, the foresight of George Orwell's book becomes more and more amazing. He writes the book as if 1984 is a distant future year when the government and the press run the present, past, and future. Are we not getting to that point now? I highly recommend this book to anyone who would like to wake up and see the state of affairs we are in presently in this country, and CONQUEST OF PARADISE paints a frightening picture of how technology may take us there."
"If we will not defend love and truth, this stuff book writes about can really happen. We are defenders! World is becoming darker and darker. It's up to us, to make good. Stop the mad politics, who kill people, and think, they are doing the right thing! Book is very good, everybody should read it, and also must understand what it means. MY father grew up in communist state, and they were teached in school, that this book is a NACI book?"
"1984 was a brilliant work of literature that should still be studied today.  The issues presented in the story affect all nations and all people around the world.  It makes you realize how influenced and manipulated people can get because of a dictating government.  I recommend this book to anyone and everyone because it is important that we know about what could happen if we let the government take things too far.  Also, there is a love story involved in the book, which holds your attention well.  A book like 1984 helps to remind you not to take things for granted, because once you read about what Winston and his people go through, you realize you probably have it so much better."
"In light of our current climate, a totalitarian government, the ministry of truth, newspeak, doublethink and the thought police seem chillingly real and not too far removed from our present circumstance. Inspite of the stark, cold, lonely world which Orwell warns us about,Winston, the main charecter shows us the real strength and ultimate weakness of human nature.It is a strong thought provoking and yet extremely touching work of genius.This is one of those books, which you will want to read again and againAs Orwell said ""during times of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act"""
"This classic novel, written in the late 1940s, is deeply imaginative and intriguing. Orwell's insight into politics and human nature is brilliantly expressed throughout the novel, which vividly depicts a society in which people's lives are monitored and controlled to an unprecedented degree. Many parallels can be drawn between this ""futuristic"" government structure and several present-day political regimes. Orwell's ideas are clearly articulated and well expressed, while the story itself thoroughly engages the reader. Many of the concepts introduced in this novel have become embedded into the collective conscience of western nations. This novel should be taught in Canadian classrooms"
"With the advancement of Homeland Security here in the United States we are beginning to see the onset of a true big brother. The number of agencies FBI, CIA, INS, and other alphabet soup organizations are now cross matching databases. They are gathering information from local municipalities and those that are in the system, better not have anything to hide.September 11th accelerated the path that we were already on. I hope that some sanity is also metered out in the process.After being a futures author, investor, and broker for the past 11 years, one of the glaring points in the book is how statistical data is constantly being modified and rewritten to serve who will benefit from the moment. I just hope that these ""mistakes, misquotes, and misinformed"" changes never occur in such a draconian fashion.Great book. Everyone should have a copy on their shelves."
"After reading 1984 it is easy to see why it is a classic. George Orwell's predictions are a dark and terrifying world that captures the reader and forces them on. The stories told is one that may yet come to pass. The things he predicts have in some cases already been implemented in some areas of the world. I found the book to be a somewhat difficult read, so don't expect to breeze through it. All in all I rate it a 5 out of 5."
"Doublethink and Newspeak need no explanation to people growing up with a Patriot Act that takes away liberties. We don't need the brilliant economic explanation that Orwell provides for the state of perpetual war with constantly changing enemies...But it's amazing how ""1984"" keeps popping up on enigmatic posters at recent antiwar rallies with references to doubleplusgood wars and war equalling peace and freedom equalling slavery.  On February 15 in New York, I saw a young man holding a poster with the ultimate reference to this great cautionary novel: ""1 + 1 = 2"".  If you don't know what that's referring to, please read this book today."
"I really enjoyed 1984 by George Orwell. I thought Orwell really captured what a dictatorship can do to a country. Big Brother was obviously a ""parody"" of some infamous dictators of the world (Stalin, Hitler). It was also very interesting to see how Winston acted. He was not a pure outsider, who is only trying to help his fellow countrymen. He is actually a true rebel. His actions, his dreams, his thoughts of sex and his readings of books are all signs of the rebellious actions of an outsider of the government. But, in contrast to Orwell's great portrayal of the rebellious Winston, is his lack of depth when it comes to Julia. She seems to be only into the rebellious act of sex, and that is about it for her. She is otherwise pretty subservient to men. And, I loved the ending simply because tragedy, or just an unhappy ending, is always an interesting way to end a story. I thought the way Orwell had Winston captured, tortured, and then having him turn into a supporter of Big Brother, all through the double cross from O'Brien made it a brilliant way to end the book."
"1984 by George Orwell is a very interesting book. Why? because of his unique way of writeing and his views of what life would be like in 1984. The book does, however get boring. Eben though the book seems boring and uneventful you should continue reading, because it gets more exciting the further you read. The story opens with the main character Winston Smith and he describes several of the things he sees, such as the bizarre letters or words he sees on walls. Later in the book he meets and finds love in a girl named Julia. They join a secret organization called the Brotherhood to try and over throw the government which they hate. The book continues with their expierences in the brotherhood  and the troubles they run into."
"Hmmm...some pretty hyperbolic reviews for this book so far. Well, I can't deny that it is now the equal best book I've ever read (along with One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, which I'm going to read again, to see which is better), but all this talk of causing depression and paranoia is a little over the top. Frankly, it made me feel euphoric to be so engrossed and stimulated. It certainly stirs emotion, it certainly is prophetic and it is impossible to put it down, but the real strength for me lay in the absolute craftsmanship present in the writing. I think this is because the book is a combination of fiction and political philosophy - all the more clever because the political philosophy has to ring true in regard to the fictional content, and also be relevant to reality in order to make it's impact on the reader.Much of it describes the conflict within Winston Smith's head; the contradiction between what he believes to be true and what he is told to believe, so you have a lot of thoughts and concepts being discussed at length during the story. To order and structure a novel of this kind and present a cohesive description of a system of government in such a way is an amazing feat. Having seen the film, I could not see how the people employed alongside Winston Smith can be involved in their own deception and be blind to it, but Orwell is absolutely convincing. It is such an intricately woven novel. I have often thought that I would like to write a novel, and one of the things that stopped me is the knowledge that I would not have the patience to get to the end, but then to read something like this makes you realise that there is no point because it would be impossible to write anything as complex and compelling as this. Orwell discusses so many ideas yet every time he revisits one, he takes it further and delves deeper into the system, and deeper into the mind - without repeating himself.Frankly, I find it difficult to explain just how well written this is, to say nothing of the great story.To sum up in one sentence...absolutely fascinating."
"Doesn't everybody have a list in their mind of the books they would like to read during their lifetime? '1984' has been on my list for many years and, with a long commute, I finally decided to get the audiobook.Although I would still say it is necessary reading for all people, especially at this juncture I think Americans should pick up this book. When I read the slogans of Big Brother, I felt sick:War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is StrengthIn some ways, I feel like George Orwell from his 1948 perspective 'called it.' So many of the scenarios that he described are right on. He wrote this book after Stalin took power in Russia. Orwell had rejoiced at the Bolshevik Revolutions but when the reports of Stalin's brutality came out, he was upset.The first half of the book was great, but I have to warn you that the second half was extremely disturbing and depressing. I had a hard time listening (audiobook) to the last two cassettes. I did finish the book, but it was difficult.Even more than fifty years later, Orwell's words still have the power to affect the reader. '1984' is a valuable work that rings true."
..............cause its happening!For the people how haven't read the book or are unsure if they should read it please take my recommendation and READ IT NOW. I promise you that you will be stunned how frightning and amazing this book really is.
"Winston Smith is a pitiful lead character, yet we doubtlessly empathize with him and feel his infinite despair.  His destitute disenfranchisement from any semblance of normality is not only shocking and frightening, it is downright abominable.  I would hate to spoil this ingenious book for anyone, so I will refrain from dissecting the ending.  However, I must say that it did leave an immensely pungent taste in my mouth - as is intended.1984 is as potent as it is mesmerizing.  It is infinitely unique as there is no other book quite like it, albeit Brave New World is strikingly similar.  Two Minutes of Hate is classic.  Who cannot appreciate the ThoughtPolice, DoubleTalk, DoubleSpeak, and the many other Orwellian words that have been firmly implanted in the English language? 1984 could very well be the most profoundly provocative work of the 20th Century.  1984 projects an appalling, yet veritable premonition in lieu of our continually decreasing civil liberties.  Highly recommended by this humble reviewer.  Enjoy."
"George Orwell wrote 1984 to show us his grim view on what shape life would take by the year 1984. Orwell not only wrote about the world of the future, but also stood out by writing his idea of the supremely successful, and everlasting government, the anti-Utopia. Within the story Orwell created the Brother Hood, an evil organization with advanced technology and the desire for power, even at the expense of sanity. Winston, the main character of the story, is a comrade under the Brother Hood. He turns out to be quite the odd man out, since Winston is always seeking for some sort of salvation from the evil grasp of the Brother Hood. Since the Brother Hood watches everyone in Oceania, the country Winston lives in, twenty-four hours a day through two-way telescreens, all personal and social lives of its countrymen are eliminated. The Brother Hood skillfully takes apart all connections between its citizens, leaving them weak and alone, also preventing them from rebellious organization. The Brother Hood destroyed the bonds between family members by instilling pure fear, the fear that your spouse, or even your child will turn you in for thought crime. To commit a thought crime, it would have to appear that your mind is thinking in some way that is opposing the Brother Hood and Big Brother's, the supreme ruler of the Brother Hood, bests interests. This is the Brother Hoods way of controlling what you think; giving them the power to break a man's sanity, and mold him in any way they please. This society formed as the anti-Utopia has one advantage over other ruling parties, it does not promise love and equality for its citizens in the end, but sets forth to create hate, separation, and total inequality among people, making their rule everlasting and indestructible."
"George Orwell wrote 1984 to show us his grim view on what shape life would take by the year 1984. Orwell not only wrote about the world of the future, but also stood out by writing his idea of the supremely successful, and everlasting government, the anti-Utopia. Within the story Orwell created the Brother Hood, an evil organization with advanced technology and the desire for power, even at the expense of sanity. Winston, the main character of the story, is a comrade under the Brother Hood. He turns out to be quite the odd man out, since Winston is always seeking for some sort of salvation from the evil grasp of the Brother Hood. Since the Brother Hood watches everyone in Oceania, the country Winston lives in, twenty-four hours a day through two-way telescreens, all personal and social lives of its countrymen are eliminated. The Brother Hood skillfully takes apart all connections between its citizens, leaving them weak and alone, also preventing them from rebellious organization. The Brother Hood destroyed the bonds between family members by instilling pure fear, the fear that your spouse, or even your child will turn you in for thought crime. To commit a thought crime, it would have to appear that your mind is thinking in some way that is opposing the Brother Hood and Big Brother's, the supreme ruler of the Brother Hood, bests interests. This is the Brother Hoods way of controlling what you think; giving them the power to break a man's sanity, and mold him in any way they please. This society formed as the anti-Utopia has one advantage over other ruling parties, it does not promise love and equality for its citizens in the end, but sets forth to create hate, separation, and total inequality among people, making their rule everlasting and indestructible."
"You can't always read a book merely because it's a ""classic"" and expect it to be ""that good."" Yet 1984 IS ""that good."" The first half of the book is a bit slow and stagnant, yet the end section of this book is absolutely frightening and marvelous. What happens to Julia and Winston is so incredibly sad that I cried. Yes, this is just a book. Yet, when you think in a broader perspective... if you rise above the ""plot"" and think of Orwell's message, you can't help but be in awe. Think about it, Orwell's three principles in the book:WAR IS PEACEFREEDOM IS SLAVERYIGNORANCE IS STRENGTHHow relevant is that to today?! When you answer that question, you realize WHY this is novel, written in 1949, is a ""future"" novel...yet you realize how the eerie future Orwell presents in his novel relates to modern times.A must-read...but don't just read it. It's more important to try to grasp Orwell's message in the book.Marvelous, wonderful, frightening, and more importantly, it makes you think."
"I first read 1984 in 1982.  I was in my early teens, the Cold War seemed anything but that, and the fear of nuclear annihiliation was quite real.  Although this fear has resurfaced in the last year and a half, at least in those years there was an antinuclear movement that gave some hope for disarmament.  On my first reading, Orwell's vision of a nightmarish future seemed relevant to both superpowers' hopes for world domination.  What has stayed with me through the collapse of the Soviet Union, however, was Orwell's fascinating treatment of language and truth, his dissection of the ways people in offices of immense power, regardless of their political affiliation, distort reality to suit their purposes.  The idea that resistance to such distortion begins with being true to oneself and decent to the people around you has sustained me through a dismal political era.  In 1984, Orwell shows how such truthfulness and decency are their own rewards.I've read 1984 five times in twenty years and I've recently taught it for the first time.  It's remarkable that Orwell's perceptions, written over fifty years ago, remain relevant regardless of the party in power, whether there are two superpowers or one, whether people read 1984 in the radio age or the Internet age.  In a society whose citizens are linked more by their spending habits than their political outlooks, where many personal desires are shaped by images of inaccessible lifestyles, Orwell's perspective on language and truth, appearance and reality, become even more relevant than when they were first written.Readers often criticize Orwell's pessimism but he didn't underestimate our capacity to go along with things as they are.  He might have avoided this criticism had he made Parsons, the loyal, dim-witted Party member, a more prominent counterpoint to Winston.  Most of us, sadly, don't need to go to Room 101 to learn to love Big Brother.  If we think of Big Brother as the various industries and ideologies that help us convince ourselves that seeing is believing, then we already, willingly, do."
"1984 is not just a science fiction story, or a political book,  or even a fantasy story, but a book on ideas, a book of thought and philosophy.  Winstin Smith is us, men and women who believe in Truth and history, family and love and sex, if such things can be linked together.  And Orwell shows us they CAN be linked, because they are freedoms, as important as the freedom to vote or speak.  Without the basic rights that even many ANIMALS have, without the foundation of current passions and private memories, a free world can NEVER exist.Maybe I am reading too much into it.  But I feel the book goes beyond fears of the industrial elite within Western societies, big corporations and Communism.  Or maybe it goes beneath these fears, to the root of them all, which is our fear of losing our way."
"I was required to read this in high school, I'm now a college student and I still love it!  It is one of the best books I've read.  The first time I read it, there were parts I was a little frustrated with, but at the end, I was certainly not disappointed!  I highly reccommend this book to anyone.  We all should read it!"
Why are you sitting there? Get up and read this book. It may show you how human you really are...
"Most certainly a must read.This book shows how the government can easily take control of its power, and use it against the ordinary people. They control your memories.A must read for any conspriracy theorist,or just about anyone else.Big Brother is watching."
"I really enjoyed reading this. It's a shame I didn't get the more expensive hardcover because I plan to keep this book and read it as many times as I possibly can in my life time. It's a brilliantly written satire of what our world would be like without the free will that some people take for granted. This book was so good that I would say that there should be a law that everyone read this, but that would kind of contradict what the book is about. I'm pretty confident that after you've finished, you'll be glad you bought this book."
"1984 is, quite simply, a book that everyone should read.  It is one man's view of the world that we were, and still are, becoming, and it is a view that is not a pleasant one.  Told through the eyes of an ordinary citizen living in London, George Orwell expounds upon the ways in which an unchecked government would intrude into our daily lives.  From the cameras that are always watching, to the children who are brainwashed by the state to spy on ""thought criminals,"" to the revisionist history that is nothing but pure propaganda, and the continual reduction of one's rations for military purposes, the country that is run by Big Brother is one in which there are truly no freedoms, and those who speak out are quickly silenced.It is also a story of hope, even in the face of such an invincible enemy.  The main characters attempt futily to fight back, trying to find their own form of seclusion.  Yet, whom can they trust?  It seems as though everyone is on the government's payroll.  In the end, they have to make a last ditch effort for a piece of freedom, knowing the consequences will be severe if they are caught.1984 is, to some extent, a slow read, but this is necessary due to the intricate descriptions of the characters' ordinary actions.  While news of the war is always heard of in the background, the front is far off, if it exists at all. Rather, we are taken into the homes, workplaces, pubs, and streets of a horrifying world in which we have no power, save that to succumb to the wishes of our rulers.  1984 is a warning to those who would place too much power into our government's hands, for as we have seen in real-life examples, the government is not afraid to abuse the power it is given."
"What can I say about this book that has not been said many times by people that are way more respected than me.  This is a look at psychology as well as polotics.  This novel reveals the strenghts' of human spirit as well as the weakness' of the human mind.  Orwell wrote this book as a warning.  Educate yourself, read this book."
"The year 1984 is gone but the portrait George Orwell gives of the control a totalitarian regime exerts on the daily life of its citizens is not. Think about the actual dictatorships regimes in North Korea, Irak and Cuba and you have an idea of the portrait given by Orwell. In 1984 the world is divided in three super-powers, each one of them exerting total control of the lives of its inhabitants via all the means avaiable, turning the lives of them into real nightmares. The mechanisms of control are the total repudiation of love and its demonstrations between human beings, the incentive to finger-pointing, specially among family members, etc... The politics is based upon a permanent state of war againt external enemies, with alliances alternating themselves almost in a mechanical way. Thus, power has to be exerted with its utmost potency. A sci-fi still valid many years after 1984 and the fall of the Iron Curtain. A real classic."
"Mark Twain said a classic is a book that everyone talks about and no one reads.  I hope that cannot be said about 1984.  I was assigned this book back in high school, and with apologies to Mr. Johnson, I read the Cliffs Notes instead.  But since I am unable to discard a book, especially a classic, I have spent the ensuing years having it stare me back in the face. While the totalitarian warnings are well known and the 1984 terminology is widely used, I just couldn't believe how gripping the whole thing is.  The main character, Winston Smith is no abstraction.  He's easy to identify with.  Suddenly totalitarianism isn't some far off gulag or death camp, but the horrors of a man alone.The thoughts and details are slowly revealed in a way that you can really root for Winston.  As he learns more about a world he scarcely remembers as ever being different, you hope that he is about to change everything.  What does happen is a pretty good secret considering how much has already been written about this book.  I've read other Orwell books since High School, but I'll admit that I was scared of 1984's classic nature.  I shouldn't have been.  Orwell was always easy to understand.  His insistence on using straightforward language to convey complex issues makes the book easy to follow.  Now, I regret that I will never have the pleasure of reading it again for the first time."
"I read this book for the first time after noting all the comparisons various friends and journalists have made between the system of government in the book and the system into which American government is evolving.But the book lacks subtlety and hits readers over the head with the details of tyranny. No doubt, Orwell writes this way to underscore the dangers of complete trust in government, but I find the plot to be so far fetched as to be unbelievable. NO form of government could ever gather the resources or achieve the efficiency needed to monitor each individual in the way the Party does. Wouldn't a more realistic cautionary tale be more effective and entertaining?"
"The power of Orwell's writing comes from the ideas expressed therein, not from the characterization or the quality of the writing. Orwell's characters in this novel are crafted of the finest cardboard, the writing is crafted of the finest of didactic lead, but the ideas therein are important -- because they are prophetic of what 2004 could be, and what 2003 may be becoming, if the current leadership of our country has its way."
"Written in 1949, this book has become such a part of the culture that even people who've never heard of it (if there are any such) would recognize the terms ""doublethink"" and ""thoughtcrime"", among others that this book introduced to the lexicon. The truly scary thing is not that there are noticeable similarities between our political culture and the culture portrayed in this book, but rather the even closer similarities between that culture and our corporate culture.After all, in the corporate world, as in the ""Oceana"" of this book, the ""proles"" (common laborers) can pretty much think and say what they want, although it IS possible for individuals to go too far. But if one wants a comfortable life in an office job, one not only has to watch what one says, but how one says it, and what one can be demonstrated to think. If one is caught in the ""thoughtcrime"" of being insufficiently enthusiastic about one's company, or showing doubts about whether what it's doing is right or not, one will surely be ""disappeared""; one's co-workers will show up one day and simply not find you there, and if anyone is foolish enough to ask what happened, they will simply be told, in a tone of voice that brooks no further questions, ""s/he is no longer with the department"". If the offense was serious enough, that person will never work in as high-level a position again, anywhere. They won't have been taken off and tortured; they will simply have been exiled to the status of common laborer, where they're no longer dangerous.Also, if you doubt the existence of ""doublethink"", consider that corporations want honest, trustworthy employees, but heaven help the employee who speaks his/her mind (even quietly, on his/her own time) if it disagrees with corporate policy.The real world may be more subtle than the novel, but truth is no less truth for being subtle."
"Many readers have trouble digesting books that are commonly accepted as classics. Books written many years ago often times fail to resonate with the modern reader. 1984, a book more than 50 years old, is a true classic that anyone can enjoy.Unlike many accepted classics, this is not regal, dry, stuffy, nor thick. 1984 is mostly a light read, with some exception towards the end when Winston starts repeating from 'the book' to Julia. Other than that, words generally flow down the pages, and you quickly find yourself engrossed by the story, such that it becomes hard to put down...and hard to stomach at the same time.Orwell creates a world that is both absurdly terrifying yet strangely familiar. Strangely familiar because of what we see happening right now in our present day history. Orwell proclaimed that he did not think 1984 would happen, but that it could happen. If he were still alive today, he would be no less convinced that it could happen.Today, reality does not give us leadership which is this draconian. 1984 presents a possible reality; a reality that is an extreme case of government gone bad. While I don't see this as our eventual fate, I enjoy the eye-opening approach Orwell takes in creating this story to make his point.The result of his foreboding is eye-opening and fear-inducing. Those familiar with Animal Farm will recognize his ability to paint a very nefarious, yet realistic, scenario in which leaders of any societal order strive to exclude. Those not familiar with Orwell are in for a treat and should read Animal Farm in addition to this.This review is being written in early 2003. At the moment, US politicians are attempting to create legislation which will enable federal agents to track every electronic move that people make. In light of that, this book is a required read. Disregarding that, this book is still a required read.While I do not think this book represents a potential reality, it does highlight the danger of losing one's freedom to think independently. And in that vein, Orwell forces you to ask questions about the core of humanity and just how far things could possibly go.In perusing some of the 821 reviews of this book, I don't think it's fair to say that this is the best book ever written, or even one of the top 10 for that matter. It is a good book, and one that I highly recommend. But I cannot in good faith call it one of the best ever.The only issue I might have is that Orwell does assume that the average person is so mentally broke that he could allow this to ever happen. I don't know if this was his aim, or if it's to proclaim this *would* happen if the upper echelon got their way. Then again, in the day and age of media-fed TV junkies, perhaps he was more right than he could possibly have known.A very good book and certainly worth the read."
"War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.With these 3 contradictory statements, Orwell perfectly summarizes the inevitable end of all freedoms for mankind.I have read this masterpiece over 10 times and each time I glean some new thoughts on the pitfalls of living in what we affectionately call ""society."" During my last three readings of this novel, I approached the book looking for parallels between Orwell's 1984 and our 2002.The first reading I approached it from the right wing perspective and was horrified at how large and intrusive the government has become over my short lifetime. The second reading, I approached from the leftist viewpoint and found myself frightened by the encroachments on civil liberties and personal freedoms over the past several decades. In my most recent reading, I approached it from a stateless viewpoint (read anarchist) and found myself mentally replacing Emmanuel Goldstein and the Brotherhood with Osama bin Laden and al Quaida (note: this is not an endorsement of either OBL or Al Quaida, rather it is just a means to see how a government can puff up an enemy to the point he becomes all purpose ... e.g. Those anti-drug Superbowl ads were they claimed that smoking a joint promoted terrorism).In a nutshell, I am saying that 1984 transcends political leanings and begs the question: Does trusting your wellbeing to your fellow man serve your best interests?The answer is a resounding ""no.""In 1949, Orwell's three contradictory statements could have rang hallow with many readers, but in a world where the peacekeepers are those with the military power to coerce peacefulness, where people spend their freedoms for perceived security (see Patriot Act) and where a simple perusal of television's primetime lineup can prove that no premium is placed on intelligence; one can see how 1984 is more prophetic now than it was in 1949."
"personally i beleive every individual percieves reality differently from that of another; according to how society perceves them. Here Mr. Orwell clearly provides the ideologies of one man and how it relates to others/it's society. in all actuality no one is right nor wrong, they simply comply or not to that of one persons individualistical thought which has spread-out. ""I.E. is censorship ok in our society?"""
"If you read one book in your life this one should be it.  I read this back in the 7th grade(I am in college now) and I cannot say how much I appreciated this book.  From the expansive sci-fi in it to the vocabulary words to represent the society... this is a work of art.If you haven't read this book... read it.  If you have read this book, then read it again."
"I first read this book in high school but never really appreciated it till just recently. With the passage of the Homeland Security Bill, I thought I'd better refresh my memory of this book. And this book is scarier than any Stephen King book ~~ it's scary because our future has arrived. With Big Brother watching our every move ...The book is a reflection upon past times as well as the future ~~ it's a history of mankind. It is about power. It is about control ~~ one man over another. It is about power through total submission ~~ submersion of the self. It is not about the greater good of life or mankind. It is man at its very worst. Orwell took a deep look into despair and wrote bluntly about it. The surface of it is Big Brother watching every move you make ~~ till you get into the book and realize there is much more at sake. And it's so well-written. No matter that I wanted to put the book down and ignore it, I couldn't. I had to read it to the last page. And it's the scariest book I have ever read.1-9-03"
"If you want to know what the title of this review means, you really do need to read the book.  A technical translation is ""very very good"" and ""very very bad"", but that is inexact.It is difficult to review this book without making comparisons to current events or using the word ""prophetic"".  It is a world where all freedoms have been eliminated in favor of the bureaucratic order.  It is totalitarian, as occasionally one or two people wake up to this fact.  There is only one crime, to think bad thoughts, and the main character is guilty, because he remembers the unofficial (and therefore non-existant) version of the past.What is most interesting about the book is how, in the end, they completely warped the thoughts of the protaganist so that he goes from wanting to rebel against the government to the last line of the book ""Winston loved Big Brother.""That a government could progress to the point where it could twist a person's thoughts is frightening.  That people can read this book and compare it to any modern government is revealing.Yes, this book is all the things people say it is, which is why it should be read."
why? read the book...i dont exist
"I was so upset to learn that this is no longer required reading in advanced English in high school.  I ordered it for my son, because no one can be considered well read without this in one's history."
"If you have not read this, I strongly recommend it ... ESPECIALLY if you are like me, and somehow ""escaped"" having this assigned to you either in high school or in college, but have always wondered what the hype was all about.Too many times today, you will hear this book discarded as a bunch of prophesies that were way off -- e.g., that in the year 1984 there would be computers and ""telescreens"" that would all but read our minds; that ""Big Brother"" would always be watching us. Many, I'm sure, feel that since this is NOT the case today, that Orwell and his book were / are a wast of time.As for me, the more I read this, the more I see how the overall concept of ""Big Brother"" -- i.e., how information is ""cleansed"" to ""protect"" us; how we are teaching technology itself to out-smart, or at least, stay one step ahead of us -- IS, in fact, all-too-real in our lives today!In any case, very intriguing!"
"If you're buying this book and you don't know much about it then you're in for a trip down a pretty disturbing road. The obvious questions it raises about society, government, control, power, unity, trust, and faith in the human character might leave you thinking critically about humanity's direction (if you haven't before). Ultimately I felt like the book's strongest point was it's exploration of what ""reality"" becomes when manipulated by the mind's interpretation of it. But I think people's reactions to 1984 will vary according to their own insight into the books topics, especially within the political realm. Without a doubt, a great book."
"1984 is definitely a book that can generate discussion.  The topics form strong and sometimes unexpected opinions.  A few parts are a bit dull, such as the beginning, but the plot is quite intriguing.  George Orwell utilizes superior language and I loved the way he used one example of ""mind control"" throughout the entire story and ties up loose ends with the concept.  MAny different themes are all taking place at the same time, but everything associates with the main ""Big Brother"" government.  I truly enjoyed reading the novel.  It was a refreshing change of pace for me because I'm not normally a science fiction reader.  Despite all of this, I wouldn't suggest knocking this book off in one sitting, even if you're an avid reader.  It can get pretty hard to focus.  Overall, though, I would definitely recommend 1984."
"Possibly the worst thing to say about this overwhelming book is that it is...science fiction. It is promoted as such in the schools where the kids ""have"" to read it because it is a ""classic"" (we all know what that means, and if you dont then consider how many books you remember from that time and consider what effect they would have on you had you read them 10 or 15 years later).  Orwell constructs and describes a nightmarish totalitarian dictatorship where the system controls literally everything. And that includes your thoughts. If you deviate you will be ""corrected"".  It's a society where the past has been wiped out because the system controls all forms of information. It is impossible to know what has happened before and one is forced to accept the constant lies from the government at face value while going through intense brainwashing of other forms as well.  Winston (the main character) is a man who still has traces of the past in his brain, in other words he commits the ultimate crime (thoughtcrime) as he questions the official version of things. As he desperately looks for signs from others hoping that they feel the same way he enters an underground conspiracy that aims to overthrow Big Brother (the invisible but everpresent power that represents a faceless system). And just as a flame of hope lights up inside him  the nightmare transforms into an endless journey to hell.  There is no point of giving away the plot because it happens to be one of great twists as Winston finds out in the most scary way imaginable the sheer controlling power that Big Brother enjoys over everyone.  There are so many myths about 1984. One is that the book implies the horrors of communism (stalinism to be exact). While it is true that Orwell was inspired by the ""feats"" of Big Daddy (that would be Joseph Stalin) to write his book he was equally inspired by the unspeakable crimes of the Nazi dictatorship in Germany as well. Orwell does not imply any one specific form of dictatorship but he simply tries to see forward, he tries to warn and predict the forms that the dictatorships of the future will have and he puts no political color on it. The dictatorship he describes could happen in a society near you, no matter where you live and no matter how safe you think your ""democracy"" might seem to you.  Allthough (and especially) the last part of the book is the most intimidating and overbearing one, i found that what actually scared me the most was how accurate the author is in what he sees for the future. Remember he wrote this way over half a century ago. And what does he see?  He foresees thought control. Check. In case you think you arent thought-controlled then the system is functioning perfectly thank you. He foresees the manipulation of history in order to make the system more powerful. Check again. It used to happen in a smaller degree now it happens in a scientific degree. Take for example the ""People's history of the United States"" by Howard Zinn, read it, and compare what you read with what you ""learned"" in school, and you will see my point. And that's just one of the 1000s of examples that could be brought up.  He foresees a a dictatorship where people do not realise they live in a dictatorship (and the few who do are ""put away""). Well, guess what, check again. Regardless of where you live chances are you do not realise how the system controls you, and not only that, but chances are again, you call this a democracy because that is what you are told (brainwashed) to call it.  And on and on and on..All this is just paving the way for the Orwellian nightmare.  Some have said that life itself proved that Orwell was just a hardcore pessimist as the ""future"" didnt prove to be that horrible. Wrong. The genius of George Orwell has actually seen the process through which what he describes WILL happen. It is in fact happening right now. There are many who see it and sense it but many times more who dont.  There is no point to be silly and promote this stunning future-diagnosis of a book as a ""classic"" or to suggest to you that you ""must"" read it or all that.  Things are very simple. If you care about yourself before all else then do read it. If there is still hope for you then this book will change you. If this book has no effect on you then you do not understand the problem to begin with. But that's a good thing. Because in that case you will never have to see some future ""Room 101"". What is ""Room 101""? It's a place in Orwell's ""future nightmare"" that very few have been in but everybody knows that that's where you are corrected from bad thoughts.  But go on. Treat yourself to some bad thoughts. Such rooms dont exist anyway."
"I think that the book ""1984"", written by George Orwell was a book that raised many questions.  It was a book about a man fighting for his rights only to fine out he had to give in a bit.  ""1984"" was a book that captured me into its story and I couldn't stop reading. I highly recommend this book to someone looking for a challenge and a well written book!"
I thought the book 1984 was great. It really made me think about weather or not I was pro Big Brother or con Big Brother. At the end of the book I decided to diagree with Big Brother. It is too powerful and controling. There are some forms of Big Brother that we think nothing of and don't even care that they're around even though there it's watching your every move. 1984 was an awsome book that kept getting better and more interesting with every page.
"1984 est l'histoire de Winston Smith, un personnage évoluant dans une société complètement totalitaire où les fonctionnaires subissent un lavage de cerveau et où les prolétaires sont trop inconscient pour se lever debout. Une société où chaque enfant est élevé comme un petit soldat prêt à trahir ses parents pour son pays. Où toutes documentations historiques sont falcifiées ou détruites de manière à manipuler la population. Où chacun de vos gestes sont scrutés et qu'un simple petit geste anormal mènera à votre disparition. Où la police en est une de la pensée. Où l'amour est un interdit. Où l'homme n'est qu'une machine servant une petite clique d'homme puissant...La lecture de ce livre soulève beaucoup de questions mais apporte aussi beaucoup de réponses et pour moi la plus grande est que l'homme ne sera jamais libre s'il continu d'avoir peur."
"Having just read 1984 for the first time in 2005, I can see how people might discredit it now. However, I find many parallels for today's world. All readers should read this book as a lesson for what happens when governments run unchecked by the people."
"Imagine a society where the government (Big Brother) is always watching you-invasive, inevitable, inescapable.  Such is Oceania.  It is a society in which your innermost thoughts are monitored and punishable by death.  There is no love or affection, and there is no such thing as friendship.  The only suitable emotion is hatred, aimed at exactly whom Big Brother dictates.  Individuality is a capital offense.  Existing for your own pleasure will get you killed.Oceania controls the present, the past, and the future.  Reality is what Big Brother says is reality.  2 + 2 = 5, if Big Brother so dictates.  If you protest that 2 + 2 = 4, and the government finds out, this thoughtcrime will result in your death.Winston, the main character in 1984, dares to believe 2 + 2 = 4.To discover what happens in the life of this rebel, who lives in a society that is intolerant of rebellion, read 1984.  This book, set in such a chilling dystopia, will horrify and thrill your heart and mind."
"What exactly is the truth?  It's whatever I tell you it is.  This attitude exemplifies the overall tone of 1984.  Its actual English definition is any systematic, widespread dissemination or promotion of particular ideas, doctrines, practices, etc. to further one's own cause or to damage an opposing one.  However, the Newspeak word, doublethink, would suffice in 1984.In 1984, classism and government conspiracies are taken to the extreme.The proles, and inferior class, are treated as animals, incapable of intelligent thought.  For this reason, Party rules do not apply and everything goes.Party members, anyone above the prole working class, are subject to a government invasion of every inch of their lives.  They have been brainwashed by Party ideology since day one.Orwell's ""negative utopia"" is striking, yet I find the novel to be drab and depressing.  Rarely am I inspired to read on; all I have to look forward to is another vaporization.  The last chapter was literally torturous, yet I kept reading so as to put Winston, the protagonist, out of his misery.It is also a bit of a stretch to say that deleting words from a language would render its speakers unable to express emotions or intelligent thought.  New words would be invented as they have for thousands of years."
"Yes, technology can be the new hand maiden to Totalitarian government.  Or we can choose to be free.  To speak out.  To allow different viewpoints. We can choose NOT to shout down others when they speak. Thomas Jefferson knew that ""the price of freedom is eternal vigilance"" and so did the author of ""1984"".We can choose to read our history books and great novels.  This is a great novel about a possible dystopia.  Eric Blair was a great British journalist and the story he tells here rings more true than ever before."
"This book is entertaining, but hardly prophetic. The world is not like 1984 or even close to 1984. Anybody who thinks so needs to learn more about the world or 1984.The problem with this dystopic vision is that Orwell really doesn't understand technology or the way that it affects the world."
"Inspiring piece of worldly paranoia, that is truth, quoted well into the twenty first century as the future, and it is, not because mankind doesn't think it will ever go this way, but because we know full well we are, but somehow are allowing it to happen everyday. It is decentralization of power from the human being, in all aspects of one's life, to a higher power, a bigger cause, communism called the great Lucifer because all was given to the collective body and not to God, now God is the great Lucifer because we give ourselves to the collective body of something that we can not prove, so Science is the great Lucifer, producing weapons to kill the world a million times over, toxins to poison us a million times over, are all forms of giving to a collective body the nature of death? Is it the giving to a collective body that robs the soul of its power? Is it giving oneself wholly and utterly to something other than one's own self the conduit of decent into the investment of despair. 1984 sees men and women working their themselves to skin and bone to achieve a greater good that never emerges, the ultimate failings masked by a strict authoritative regime, BIG BROTHER, the power all seeing and ever controlling, rewriting history, editing the world around them, at war with this nation one minute and switching to another the next, neighbours up and vanish and protagonists invest in each other for but a fleeting glimpse of love only to be captured by the THOUGHT POLICE for engaging in illegal activity, men at the top of this society using torture and mind control to enforce a pathology of unquestionable and undeniable supremacy of all the power to the BIG BROTHER system, and that this is the system and that is why they are alive at all, at which point we question if it is worth living at all to which Orwell delivers a resounding, no, of course it is not worth living this life, why bother at all, and that this is a piece of work that must be understood by everyone and anyone who can read and is certainly mandatory reading for anyone in least bit interested in politics or political science.Unfortunately however we tend to vote in military commanders, lawyers and extreme capitalists into government and then ask why it is all going down hill.The problem is there is no terminology in the English language to describe the act of one human being killing their unborn future children by process of setting up a bad management system with a legal body incorporated into that system before they die. This prison kills, yet it is justified. 1984 is maybe that word, filicide being the closest English equivalent."
"""War is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength."" A statement in 1949 intended for 1984, and reality for us today. Reality can be your own interpretation. In reality who really controls your life? According to George Orwell's classic novel 1984 the thought police and big brother were the ones to control our lives. Big brother is a power structure that regulates not only information, but individual thought and memory.Big brother is not watching. He is singing and dancing. He is pulling rabbits out of a hat. Big brother is busy holding your attention every moment you are awake. He is making sure you are always distracted. He is making sure you are fully absorbed. He is making sure your imagination withers until it is as useful as your appendix. With everyone's imagination useless no one can be a possible threat to your world.The book speaks about control and being a unitary party instead of individuals. It speaks out about the ways of people and their hunger for world domination. I believe that this is his best book written, although his topics are all about human nature and where it takes us in life. Everyone should read this book in order to open your eyes and think for yourself rather then think like the rest of the world."
"I know that some of you might be high school readers looking to give a book report and scouring the reviews trying to find some nuggets on which to base your report.  A lot of these reviews do look like book reports don't they?  This book is hard to appreciate in high school.  It has many layers and really stretches the reader (which is why they want you to read it in high school - to stretch).  Anyway, I will add my two cents to the 1000+ reviews already here.This book paints a dark picture of the future (even though 1984 is past us, it still paints our future) as we go torward more government control and intervention.  The book forces us to ask serious questions - how far are we willing to go?  What role does freedom play?  What does freedom mean?  Orwell's masterpiece - though Animal Farm is also a good one."
"""1984"" is one of the defining works of fiction from the 20th Century.  Written by George Orwell (the pen name of Eric Arthur Blair) in 1949, it has become the work referenced in other literature, film, and music for a future government which controls all of its citizens, and uses them to maintain its own position of power.  Of course, it was not the first novel to present this idea, but it is perhaps one that presents the future that is the most bleak and without hope.Other authors have created sterile futures built on technological advancements that have drained humanity from its citizens.  Instead, Orwell's future has technology held in check or even regressing, while political power and control are the forces that imprison humanity in his future.  It is easy to read fascism and communism into the government of `Big Brother', but one can see elements from ""1984"" in any type of government, they simply are more obvious in a totalitarian one.This novel has been recognized many times by readers.  In 1952 it ranked 17th on the Astounding/Analog All-Time Poll, and in 1956 it tied for 9th on the same poll.  In 1975 it tied for 41st on the Locus Poll for All-Time novels, in 1975 it was 34th on the Locus Poll for All-Time SF Novels, and in 1998 it was 21st on the Locus Poll for SF Novels from before 1990.  The most fitting recognition though, must be the Prometheus Hall of Fame award which it won in 1984."
"_Yeah.  So I was bored.  I picked this book up and read it cover to cover.When I finished, I was sortof angry, to be truthful.  I was mad at the author when I read the ending.  I wanted, y'know, a black-and-white storybook-type finale and was pissed when it didn't come.  Yup.But after my temper had cooled and I pitched a couple pillows around the room (not literally, whaddya think I am, insane?), I sat down to think about what the author was trying to say with his book.  And now I am really happy with the way he concluded the tale.  Yeah, I know.  I sound like one of those annoying English Teachers with their ""What does this Symbolize"" questions (no offense to all you teachers out there).But seriously.  This book reminded me of all that BullS*** propaganda pervading countries around the world - And YES, that includes the US.  The ""Big Brother is Watching You"" that runs throughout Orwell's book reminds me a bit of good ol' Uncle Sam, y'know?  Which is kinda freaky.Anywho.  READ THIS BOOK!!  You can yell at me afterwards if ya didn't like it, but give it a chance. PLEASE!!  I disagree with these (*cough* STUPID *cough*) critics writing on Amazon who are saying that only old folks will like this book.  WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO SAY?!?  I'm 15 and I liked it.  What am I saying... I didn't like it... I -L-O-V-E-D- it! I'm a highschooler (we tend to have short attention spans sometimes).GIVE THE BOOK A TRY!!! for me?  (can't you just imagine those little puppy dog eyes begging you to read this book?) TRY THE BOOK!!!"
"this is a distopic tale of a bleak future under an authoritarian regime... the book raises certain questions about the direction that progress, governent power, and personal freedom are headed...I worry sometimes about these despairing glimpses into the future... were they the product of Orwell's intuition, or has this book and others like it fueled us into a sort of self-fulfilling prophecy?"
"If you havent been forced to read this book while in school, or hadnt had a chance to grab it at the library, run while you can. 1984 might have been scary 100 years ago, but not now. If you like reading about old people think they are beating the system by saving a PAPERWEIGHT, then by all means...The book has multiple plot holes as well. Beware the ""government runs the world unchallenged, but still needs to brainwash old people"" hole. Read something else instead... ANYTHING ELSE!Edit (after 55 'unhelpful' ratings): Dont get me wrong, I love the parables and warnings of 1984. Also the concepts of big brother and bureaucracies, of war and the military industrial complex. I'm just saying this book is slow, plodding, and has dumb unintersting characters."
"This book is very appealing due to the rise of communism that comes in generations following its publication. In Orwell's fictional world, communism rules the people in all aspects. People are not allowed to form their own ideas and even think for themselves. The story is raw and does not try to sugar up anything but rather show the horrors of living in this negative utopia. While reading this novel Orwell makes it very clear what he is trying to say. He is warning the world never to fall into hands of a communist state. This book should be read by all because it is an easy read and shows how novels can be instrumental in exposing the truth about important global issues."
1984 is a timeless classic and was an extraordinary book.  While it did get a little dull at times the book was extremely interesting throughout the whole book.  Just trying to imagine myself living in a place and time like that was pretty difficult.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and reccommend it to anyone who would likes classic books with a different twist.
"This is a great book, I have to say. It's not very long, but there's alot in it. It an almost science-fiction, it was written about 1984 in the future. The government was completely in control of everyone's life. So it gives a very interesting view of the world, something everyone should read. It won't take you long, but it's necessary."
"This novel is an excellent book that deserves all the credit is has gotten.  The intricate main character, Winston, can relate to many of us, as he hates many things of the world.  He is, obviously, in a different situation than us, but the theme of the books entiretly is an excellent lesson for us all.  I reccommend it 100%!"
"My brother isn't a person who reads so when he proudly told me he finished 1984, and that I MUST read it, I decided to try it.I was caught up in this book very quickly and I found myself reading it at work. I couldn't put it down. The story is frightening, especially when you think about some of our current issues such as ""Homeland Security"", and the new measures the government is taking to ""protect"" us. Given the current situation in this country I think it is essential to read 1984.  This book has made me rethink somethings."
"1984 is the story of the main charcter ( Winston) and his life living under the control of Big Brother.  Big Brother is the ""governmental"" power of the time.  The main slogans of the party are: War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, and Ignorance is Strength.  Throughout the book it becomes evident that the party trully believes these staements and does not let anyone else believe otherwise.  We see Winston's stuggle with self control and how his meeting with Julia is what evintually takes him down.  His feelings fo sin for her and his hatred of just about everything destroys him.  He and Julia have several encounters and are eventually caught and only after denouncing Julia is Winston treated fairly.  In the end Winston gives in and submits to the growing and ever controling power of Big Brother.My own feelings:This book is certainlly a strange one. In the beggining it makes you think that it is  about a lunatic who wants physical attention.  But then you realize that he is misguided and that ifhe would not have been corrupted by Big Brother and given some rights he wouldn't have rebelled."
"1984, there isn't anything too exciting about that title. Why would you buy a book called 1984? I'll tell you why. Because 1984 is a very unique and interesting book. It has a very different idea of how the author (George Orwell) thought the year 1984 was going to be like. Though we know how 1984 really was, it is still very interesting. This book follows a man named Winston and the horrible conditions he and the world are living in. Could the world turn into something this horrible? Telescreens everywhere, watching everything you do? Thought Police out to get you? It sure makes you wonder. It's almost... scary."
"First of all, I would like to say that I dont usually read 'fiction' books... but this one is not really fiction ...I think you understood the main part of the story from the other reviews already...According to me, this novel really makes you think about the world we are living in ..when discussing with friends about '1984', they told me that this book represents our future ... but I have the feeling that there is already some truth in this novel ...When G. Orwell writes about the control of the history, and the publications .. I see some parallelism with the way our medias are controlled as well ..This book really makes you think.. that s what I liked about it..."
"""1984"" is a classic novel that centralizes around the theme of what happens when human civilization has lost its innate, human qualities and is predestined to have its individuality debased even more. The author, George Orwell, conveys this throughout the context of the book by showing that the government controls virtually every aspect of human life. The main character is Winston Smith, and he is a slightly rebellious and wondering adult who questions the validity of past events and the overall value of human life.On a scale of one to ten, I would probably rate the book an ""eight"" because it is a very captivating novel to explore the depths of human thought and fictionalized imagination. However, the concepts are slightly difficult to comprehend, so a person who understands the concepts of utopia would really understand the plot. I would recommend this novel to people who enjoy reading other pieces of literature by George Orwell (such as ""Animal Farm"" and the essay ""Shooting an Elephant"") because it is yet another book Orwell probes the concepts and ideas of civilization and government, and the results of corruption. I must mention that Orwell uses a direct and rebellious tone, as the plot is in perspective to the third person point of view of Winston Smith. He uses interesting diction as Orwell assumes that the reader knows the order of society in ""1984."" It also contains a lot of detail and imagery as he continuously describes the atmosphere of futuristic society."
"I read Animal Farm in junior high and then picked up 1984 because Animal Farm was such an interesting read.  Needless to say, I was not ready for the horror of 1984.  Animal Farm tells the tragedy of a revolution against tyranny sliding into its own tyranny but it tells the story through the eyes of pigs and horses and dogs.  1984 not only tells the story through human eyes, but it tells a much more horrifying tale of the ease with which people with modern propaganda and technological tools can form a seemingly invincible totalitarian government with popular support.Although this may sound a bit trite, Orwell also gives everyone reading 1984 a wake-up call about how easy it is to give away freedom and how easy it is for a government to use any decrease in people's vigilance regarding their own freedoms and turn the world into a nightmare.One of the interesting parts of the book is the fact that the government in 1984 is creating a new language of drastically decreased vocabulary and increased technobabble that will stop people from being able to think and speak creatively or to find the words to rebel against totalitarian rule.However, in writing the book, Orwell himself created an entirely new vocabulary to discuss overreaching and totalitarian government.  Terms like ""Big Brother,"" ""thought police,"" ""thought crime"" and, to a lesser degree ""double think"" as well as the title of the book itself have become parts of our vocabulary in fighting against totalitarianism.  Thus, in imagining a world in which the government is doing away with people's ability to speak out, Orwell helped spawn a whole vocabulary to help people protest."
"1984 has some of the most powerful images of totalitarian authority and lasting depictions of a world devoid of moral structure -- of any work from the 20th century.  Yet, the greatest contribution of Orwell to our present day is his critique of language and it's effects via his fiction.As O'Brian says to Winston ""You're not very good at metaphysics.""  If you want to understand the philosophical ramifications of relativism this book is a great place to start or, if you read it in a literature class a while ago and currently have an interest in ethology, deontology, aretology, moral philosophy and ontology, a must read - again.Morality can only be viewed as a positive, yet even now our language has begun to be distorted by subjective interpretations of our words.  Example: Do we have a positive moral structure or a negative moral structure? -- There is only one *moral* structure.  This book lays out the frame work of a society engineered on the basis of definition control.  Vocabulary is perverted to serve the machine.This is the world we can choose to create or destroy."
"Walter Cronkite said that this story has ..""a power that seems to grow rather than lessen with the passage of time.""This story is even more relevant today than it ever was. If you want to understand today's events and where we might be going- READ THIS BOOK! Any thinking person will see the relevance, all of those less cerebral should still take the time and either read or listen to the audio verion of this story.I simply cannot emphasize enough how vital a part of your personal library this book should become."
"I agree with this review because I felt exactly the same way that he did.  While I was reading the book I feared for all of humanity and the possible future.  After I finished reading the book my heart also dropped.  The review had a kind of half negative feel, which is how I felt.  It was a great book but it just gave me a negative feeling the whole time I read it."
"Big Brother is watching and I don't mean the reality tv series.  This book is not only an interesting read, it also holds a deeper meaning.  It is a window through which the possible dangers of communism/socialism in the extreme can be viewed.  A comparison can also be made to Plato's idea of a utopia. This book makes one question the validity of our own past and reality as we know it."
"When I first read this book in high school, it effected me like no other book since. What Orwell was trying to get across was not solely the terror of despotism by the way that the spirit of man can be esily crushed by the very people we have voted into office. I highly recommend this book and dare the reader to find the similarities in our society and that of 1984."
"One of the most frightening and important books ever written! It is even more frightening when you realize the world Orwell imagined in his darkest nightmares is the world we live in today. You will never watch a NEWS broadcast or read a NEWS paper again without a serious doubt. Orwell was trying to tell us back then where we were heading, today is the proof we didn't listen. Every person should read this book once, before it doesn't exist anymore....."
"This is a really wierd book. In the beginning it starts out like any country in a war, but later it delves deeper. The world being controlled by three super-powers that (if you read to Goldstein's book) would supposedly, and I agree, would gain absolutly nothing from all this. The are simply trying to use excess junk. Anyways, Orwell did an amazing job on this book, creating several radically new ideas for the time, including creating Newspeak, Big Brother (which was the basis for the show ""Big Brother""), and, the worst, Thoughtcrime. Anyways, this is DEFINATELY not a childs book, so you should keep it out of the hands of anyone ignorant to the world. It makes you think of the present, and the future. If you like Orwell's books you'll LOVE Animal Farm."
"As I read this book I was struck by the similarities of events in this book, and our own society, and how we seem to be moving closer to this sort of existance.  In a world where 'big brother' knows all and sees all through covert cameras, microphones, and secret police you can't even have freedom of thought.  Freedom of speech has long since become something of the mythical past, people can't even fathom what it could be like.....but, just maybe someone can?  Could there be an underground revoloution?  And can they get away with the horrible thought: ""Down with Big Brother""This book is so relevant to our world today.  Power corrupts, and absoulute power corrupts absoutely.  This begs the question, how much power will we allow our own government to have over our lives, even when it's for our protection?"
"1984 Review George Orwell's novel, 1984 is classic, thought provoking literature that everyone should read.  1984 relates to many of the radical ideas of the communist era.  Orwell points out the fake reality portrayed by the government with his incorporation of such things as ""victory cigarettes and victory gin.""  This story exhibits the reality of life in many small, exploited countries.  The exaggerated ideals 1984 expresses, represents the oppression felt by many in the world that is gilded by a thought of true freedom.  The story is very descriptive and allows the reader to feel the true emotions that the main character, Winston Smith is feeling.  Orwell shows that in our world everything is deceptive to reality.  Conformity is the main concern for the masses working for the elite and even the name Winston Smith is symbolic for this lack of individualistic qualities.  This book shows the militaristic tactics used by the government of ""Big Brother"" to inspire people to work and keep an interest in the common good.  Every four years the government of Oceana started a fake war with one of the other two super powers to maintain the work ethic and inspiration of the slaving people in the middle class.  Winston represents all people who rebel against the system and know that the illusions presented by the government of aristocrats are wrong.  He represents the middle class which work as tools of the elite and the proletarians are the people who the government leaves to their own ignorance.  1984 holds a great amount of symbolism and connects fiction with the real world.  This book is a must read for everyone and to me, quite possibly one of the greatest books ever written."
"I really enjoyed this book.  But I will explain my three star review instead of 5 star later in the review.  The book has excellent characterization and theme.  The main character Winston is fighting big brother ie; big government.  This is a nameless, faceless power structure who controls things through double think; holding two contradictory premises as being true and newspeak and other illogical and insane techniques.  When I read the book through, it seemed to describe some of the methods currently being used in the real world.  In the introduction, the editor claimed that the book is about power politics.  This book though should not have been published.  There are people now who use the techniques in this book, whether they admit it or not.  For instance, before this book was published, you could start at the bottom of the ladder in a job, work hard and go to the top of the corporate ladder.  Now, you have the use of double think in job situations.  They tell you that to get a job you have to have prior experience.  But how do you get that, if no one hires you?  So it goes.  The entertainment business is a prime example of double think.  To get anywhere you need an agent, but an agent will tell you to get experience.  Ayn Rand would have had a field day with Orwells book.  The fact is truth is eternal, and the war against it as in Orwells book is bound to fail."
"1984 Review George Orwell's novel, 1984 is classic, thought provoking literature that everyone should read.  1984 relates to many of the radical ideas of the communist era.  Orwell points out the fake reality portrayed by the government with his incorporation of such things as ""victory cigarettes and victory gin.""  This story exhibits the reality of life in many small, exploited countries.  The exaggerated ideals 1984 expresses, represents the oppression felt by many in the world that is gilded by a thought of true freedom.  The story is very descriptive and allows the reader to feel the true emotions that the main character, Winston Smith is feeling.  Orwell shows that in our world everything is deceptive to reality.  Conformity is the main concern for the masses working for the elite and even the name Winston Smith is symbolic for this lack of individualistic qualities.  This book shows the militaristic tactics used by the government of ""Big Brother"" to inspire people to work and keep an interest in the common good.  Every four years the government of Oceana started a fake war with one of the other two super powers to maintain the work ethic and inspiration of the slaving people in the middle class.  Winston represents all people who rebel against the system and know that the illusions presented by the government of aristocrats are wrong.  He represents the middle class which work as tools of the elite and the proletarians are the people who the government leaves to their own ignorance.  1984 holds a great amount of symbolism and connects fiction with the real world.  This book is a must read for everyone and to me, quite possibly one of the greatest books ever written."
"It is hard to believe that Orwell wrote this book so many years ago and 1984 has already come and passed over 18 years ago.  This book brought up the idea of government control of how people live and think.  It is relevant as much today as it was back then.  This book is a must for anyone studying political science or socialogy.  Remember, Big Brother is always watching you!"
"I first read this book when I was only 17 or 18. I was very impressed with it then and continue to be so now that I am in my early 30s. I cannot remember how many people I have suggested this book to but... I will continue to recomend it. 1984 opened my eyes to a thing that most choose to ignore. Way before its time, 1984 will continue to facinate readers for years to come."
"""1984"", by George Orwell, is a dark complicated warning to humanity to change its present course or suffer the consequences.  Although potentially very enjoyable, this original ""Big Brother"" book presents an interesting enigma for the student and teacher.  In high school, the science fiction genre can be difficult to ""sell"".  This book lives in the realm of soft science fiction (as opposed to the hard gadget oriented world of Mr. Asimov), and deals with fairly complicated philosophical and political issues.  These complications come with their own confusing terminology.  Orwell, with his already expansive vocabulary, even creates a new language, ""Newspeak"", to help explain a new set of socialistic societal and philosophical concepts.  The fictional nation of Oceania (England) is one under an extreme socialistic, power hungry, and mind-bending government.  Once the basic concepts of the government and society are understood the book becomes an interesting struggle of one man against ""Big Brother"".  Although entertaining enough to earn five stars, the complexity causes some parts of the book to go very slowly and the lack of happy ending is disappointing if not disturbing.  If you liked this book, I recommend ""Brave New World"", by Aldous Huxley, as a companion read.  Unless you have a prodigy on your hands, due to the reading level and complexity of the book, I wouldn't recommend it to someone under 15 or a freshman in high school."
"Ce livre relate la vie d'un homme banal, mais libre-penseur, qui est confiné dans le noir portrait d'une société totalitaire.  Comment vivre dans un monde où la moindre idée, le moindre geste qui ne correspondent pas à la ligne de pensée du régime sont violemment réprimés par la police de la pensée?  Et surtout comment éviter l'Oeil de Big Brother, qui vous regarde, vous écoute, vous épie où que vous soyez?  1984, c'est le parcours tumultueux d'un homme qui veut échapper à la réalité, et qui fera tout pour éviter les nombreux tentacules de Big Brother, qui contrôle tout un empire de propagande. Ce livre constitue un ouvrage incontournable pour tous les hommes et les femmes libres de notre temps.  Il dépeint avec tant de justesse un éventuel monde totalitaire qu'à la fin du roman, on doute... Offrant un parallèle magistral avec l'ancien régime communiste de l'Union soviétique, 1984 est un classique inquiétant qui fait réfléchir, et qui donne froid dans le dos."
"... we do in fact live in a rather Orwellian world. In Orwell's dystopia, the state is all powerful; every aspect of life is controlled, down to --and especially-- the language itself. This is probably the book's greatest contribution to social theory --the idea that words and definitions have such a great influence on our thoughts. If we can't think of the word for something, we can't have a coherent thought about it. Orwell may not have invented these ideas, but he certainly dramatized them in an unprecedented manner. Another significant aspect of the novel is the perpetual warfare. The state is constantly at war, but allies and enemies constantly shift. The population is kept under complete surveillance by televisions that watch the viewer; and this was written years before internet cameras! The everyman hero, Winston Smith, gradually gets involved in a resistance movement that may or may not really exist. The paranoia of this scenario is total --no one can be trusted. In my opinion, many people have missed the point of this novel. ...I can't be sure of Orwell's purpose in writing the book, but to me it's not meant to be a realistic portrayal of any actual or even possible dictatorship. It's more of a theoretical model of a perfectly evil state --the antithesis, for example, of Plato's supposedly perfect society. ... To see the relevance of 1984, we have to focus on the techniques and mindset used by the state in that novel. Armies that are called peacekeeping forces; wars that are never declared against always changing enemies; a language of PC euphemisms and bureaucratic jargon -- these are facts of modern life. The fact that it hasn't gone to the extreme of 1984 and probably (and hopefully) never will does not in any way detract from Orwell's brilliant insights."
"I won't say that Orwell was ahead of his time, because 1984 came and went without any domineering governments popping up, but this is still a brilliant book. It follows the life of Winston Smith, who edits history to serve ""the Party"" and its needs. THe Party controls every aspect in peoples' lives, watching and listening as much as possible. Nonetheless, Winston begins a love affair with a co-worker, knowing only too well the ramifications of doing so. 1984 also provides some interesting insights about how weak memory when compared to facts, or what everybosy says are facts. A true classic of 20th Century Literature."
"Orwell is great. 1984 tells the tale of society 30 years into the future from when Orwell actually wrote the book. The fact that he was able to see or know how things could be 30 years later and with so much detail and complexity is awesome. And I mean with extraoridary detail! Concepts of ""Newspeak"" and ""Doublethink"" are phenominal. You get into the main character and you start to cheer for him. You too want him to crack the system. The book may possibly get a bit slow or a touch wordy towards the end however I think it's necessary. 1984 can be a brain buster if you free you mind and let yourself understand and follow all that takes place. Your brain will definately get a good workout trying to understand ""Newspeak"" and the structure of ""Big Brother"". It is fun! I highly recommend this book. It stands as a warning to us all. Freedom is perhaps the greatest concept we know, it would be devistating if we forgot it!Big Brother claims, ""Freedom is Slavery"" or ""Slavery is Freedom"", ""War is Peace"" and ""Strenth is Power"". What do you think?"
"Through out the coarse of my reading carrier I must say that I have found only a few novels that may compare with ""1984"". The cunning realism that is embedded upon every page is something truly worth reading. Personally as a writer I feel that after reading this novel I have grown and improved my own writing technique. Not to mention the actually genius involved in contemplating the elaborate world of restricted freedom and no piece of mind. George Orwell completely shatters all walls of possibilities when he introduces many variations of mass control as well as mass acceptance of lies. The complexity of the main character Winston Smith in itself is simply astonishing. So tragic and heart felt is his predicament that sympathy is quickly given to the fictional character. This is mostly because of the fact that certain freedoms that we have are taken for granted. While in ""1984"" the lack of freedom is equally accepted and taken for granted by the people of the novel. Which reminds us to think and judge for our selves what it is right. This is the utmost reason for me appreciating and taking to heart this novel.>>Thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak my mind...<<"
"Through out the coarse of my reading carrier I must say that I have found only a few novels that may compare with ""1984"". The cunning realism that is embedded upon every page is something truly worth reading. Personally as a writer I feel that after reading this novel I have grown and improved my own writing technique. Not to mention the actually genius involved in contemplating the elaborate world of restricted freedom and no piece of mind. George Orwell completely shatters all walls of possibilities when he introduces many variations of mass control as well as mass acceptance of lies. The complexity of the main character Winston Smith in itself is simply astonishing. So tragic and heart felt is his predicament that sympathy is quickly given to the fictional character. This is mostly because of the fact that certain freedoms that we have are taken for granted. While in ""1984"" the lack of freedom is equally accepted and taken for granted by the people of the novel. Which reminds us to think and judge for our selves what it is right. This is the utmost reason for me appreciating and taking to heart this novel.>>Thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak my mind...<<"
"This book is a work of genius. It is so much more than science fiction.  In fact, it's bleak vision of the world is scary because of its plausibility.  It is so completely credible and convincing. It is brilliant philosophy, masterful thriller, and love story all at the same time.There is enough explanation about the plot of the book in other reviews, so I'll spare you. This book captured me completely. Read this book if you like thought provoking literature."
"This is simply one of the most important and powerful books of the 20th century, plus is a great read.A lot of people I know have read 1984, and no one ever considered it less than ""great"".Buy this."
"At the time this book was written, in the 1950's, this book was feared as a posssible future for the world.  This story is a bleak prediction of the future of man.  Whatever they say is the rule, whatever they you think is ungaurdable, and even the smallest change in your apperence is subject for search.  The biggest question of all though, is not how you can escapes, but who can you escape from.  They know everthing that you are doing because of the telescreens located in every room and any thought of treason is picked up.  This is the story about a man in this world, all alone, trying to figure out which is which.  He knows the Party lies, and can even alter the past, but in a world where alliances wavor, and there is no certainty about who you are, how does he know he is fighting against the right people.  Even if he can trust someone, there is another problem, ""Big Brother is Watching"""
"nineteen eighty-four was definitely a book with a storyline that fit my interests.  Politics, psychology, love, sex, and unexpected twists of plot make it an interesting read.  As one is reading, it's almost as if the reader is stuck in the same kind of darkness and ignorance that is imposed upon the characters.  Will the next page be another mundane day in the live of Winston or will there be exciting happenings as the characters defy the absolute authority of the party?  The reader must feel around in the dark so to speak, and the chronological jumps only make it more unpredictable.The predominating theme of the novel is the organization known as Ingsoc, or the english socialism movement-usually referred to as ""the party.""  The party rules over one of the three superstates-Oceania.  Oceania is constantly at war with one of the other two superstates, which are Eastasia and Eurasia.  This war becomes significant later in the book as a vital contributing factor to the success of the party's absolute rule.  In Oceania there are three classes.  The inner party (approx. 1% of the population) is at the topmost rung of society-afforded all the luxuries one could ask for to live comfortably.  They also have the privilege of being allowed to turn off the hated telescreens, through which the ""thought police"" constantly watch the activities of every party member.  The outer party (of which Winston Smith is a member-approx. 18% of the population) are the group of people who are the most psychologically controlled.  Most are assigned jobs which involve the changing of historical records and falsifying the media.  They are poorly provided for and closely controlled.  Anyone smart or ambitious enough to be a danger to the power of the party is eliminated, and through psychological control, even their closest friends (or more appropriately ""comrades,"" as the party has abolished the concept of friendship) can be made to forget that the eliminated person ever existed.  The party throughout the book is even hard at work creating a new language that will drastically narrow the ability of its speakers to think.  All concepts which might be considered ""thoughcrime"" (i.e. ideas that might threaten the party) are destroyed by means of their removal from language-no words to describe them exist, and therefore the concepts cannot be grasped.  The outer party is the cornerstone of Ingsoc.  Third, there are the ""proles,"" or proletariats.  They make up the other 81% of the population.  The proles are more or less free to do as they please, considered to be harmless, and happy enough to live very simple lives in blissful ignorance.Winston Smith works for the Ministry of Truth, which ironically is in the business of fabricating intricate lies.  Through the haze and stupor created by the psychological vice imposed upon him by the party, Winston occasionally has memories that the past was somehow better before the revolution that brought the party to power.  Very early on in the book he has thoughts of escaping the watchful eyes of the thought police and living more freely.  This eventually leads him to create a hiding place, and to fall in love with the secretly rebellious Julia.  From here, Winston's adventure as a member of the secret ""brotherhood"" begins.For the most part, I had a wonderful time reading this book.  I had a lot of trouble putting it down at times.  The detailed descriptions, deep ideological explanations and very powerful overall moods that Orwell creates not only make the story realistic, but makes you feel as if you are part of the story-you can feel the misery and quiet outrage under the party's oppression.  You can taste the freshness and novelty of the freedom when Winston and Julia hide in their apartment in the prole neighborhood.  The ending is rather depressing and disappointing, but getting there is definitely a fun head trip.  One final word of advice-don't pick this book up with the intention of only reading for a little while...it's quite impossible to do so."
"George Orwell's 1984 shows us what he believed the future would be like if mankind did not change and socialism increased.  This dark tale tells of a world where Big Brother is constantly watching you, and any act that could come even close to disobeying the Party, meant you were eliminated--which meant, not only were you never heard from again, but you were actually being erased from all records and memories, so that you never even existed.The Party has absolute control over all types of media and print, and in effect, the lives of everyone.  Their slogan is ""Who controls the past, controls the future: who controls the present controls the past.""  Anything historically that shows that the Party is wrong, is changed in every history book and record and eventually the minds of the people and thus, never happened.This book is in three main sections.  It was a bit slow at first, but I forced my way through it.  Further through, the book dramatically picks up in excitement.  By the time I got to the third part, I could barely put the book down.I am rating this book 5-stars because it has become a modern classic that captivates the reader's attention, not only in the story, but also on the philisophical level above it."
"1984 is a novel about a futuristic society in London where every one and every thing is totally controlled by the government.  An entity known as ""Big Brother"" embodies the state and commands absoloute obedience and religious devotion from the populace; he is considered to be all-powerful and all-knowing.  This represents the worst possible outcome for future, technocratic, materialistic and relativistic society:  whatever benefits the masses and keeps the ruling Party in power is acceptable and there must be no deviation from the Party line.  Population control is maintained through rationing, propaganda, mind-control, executions of POWS, unpleasant sensory distractions, total repression of sexuality and familial bonds, 24-7 work loads, pointless wars against forign enemies, destroying words so people cannot express themselves and erasing any knowledge people have of the past before the Party's ""Revoloution.""No privacy for individuals is allowed.  TV ""telescreen"" cameras are everywhere, watching everyone around the clock.  Their motive is not to deter crime in the general sense but to deter ""thought crime,"" cases where individuals seem to be manifesting symptoms of political dissent or nervousness about their existance.  This is especially scary, given that 1984 was published in 1949 after the fall of Nazi Germany and the ascendancy of the Soviet Union over Eastern Europe.  Today telvision cameras are everywhere watching people's movements, and some new ones can even identify facial features and match them to a name and personal history on a computer database.  1984's ""telescreens"" are double trouble--not only can they monitor citizens but they constantly barrage them with government propaganda.  Today everyone who has electricity can now voluntarily turn on their TV and inject their minds full of whatever the government and the corperate media conglomerates want you to hear.  If someone watching you through your TV screen bothers you, think about what it would be like if you were never allowed to turn your MTV or the FACTOR with Bill O'Reilly off!The government also uses torture on specific ""thought-criminals"" in order to destroy their resistance to Party dogmatics.  The objective is to cause so much physical, mental and emotional stress that the subject is unable to reason for themselves and accepts whatever the Party says is true.  In the novel this is justified by the notion that ""Perception is reality.""  Whatever a human brain thinks is true is true.  The stars are not flaming balls of hydrogen fusion millions of light years away, no, we can stretch out our hands and touch them if we want.  We are not bound by the law of gravity--we can float into the air if we want to.  Even 2+2=5 if we so desire.  The only problem is making everyone think exactly the same as everyone else.  According to this there is no truth except what the person in charge says is truth and whatever they can do to make you believe it, then it is true.  This is happening all around our world today--the rule of relativism.  If there are no concepts of right and wrong, then Anarchy and/or Totalitarianism take over and the world is ruled by Might Makes Right.  It nearly happened in the 1940's, and could happen (and is happening) again.  The American people may not be controlled by the use of brute force and sexual repression now, but they are directed by government and media propaganda in the same way as described in Orwell's 1884."
"This was a decent book it was written well, there was times when I did not want to put down the book becuase it had some interesting parts in it. But the down side is that I thought that these were to few and far inbetween becuase it was kinda of slow paced and I would lose interest and want to do something else. I found myself forcing myself to read it (becuase I had to for school) rather than read for enjoyment. another negative about the book is that 1984 has pasted and it was nothing like this and it just kind of ruins it for me I would have given this book a 4-5 stars if I had read it sometime between 1950-1965 which I bet was a very good book back then. But I think that some people would really enjoy it and I can understand why alot of people rated the book higher than I did but I personally didnt feel the book."
"This is my first time writing a review, and i'm not going to bother writing a synopsis because other people before me have taken the liberty in doing so.  Whats the point in a synopsis? Read the book and absorb it, try and see the parallels.  For those of you who might view this book as some communist/socialist manifesto it actually really isnt.  The book spoke bluntely to me, further solidifying in my mind what is happening in our present time and the path we are paving towards the future.Written in 1949 a few decades before the advent of the personal computer and worldwide networks.  Orwell lacked the means of explaining the technology by which ""big brother"" was able to keep a watchful eye via the tv.  He touched briefly on the two way communication capability.  If you relate that to present day.  The computer is what he would have meant if the book was written a bit later.  If you havent noticed, computers, high speed internet, multimedia accessories, etc are all being thursted apon us.  We reach out for it willingly as means of entertainment.  Will we ever get to a point when we are required to have such things by law so we can be monitored?  I doubt people will fuss over it either, they'll accept it willingly.  Just as we accept walking through security checkpionts at airports that violate our personal privacy (referring to the latest see through scanners).  Yet we do so willingly, because of fear caused by ""terrorist"".  Tell the sheep its for their own protection that a wolf is gaurding them from others much like himself and they shall be content. We shed our freedom bit by bit, until we become happy secure little drones.  Long live the empire..."
"This is my first time writing a review, and i'm not going to bother writing a synopsis because other people before me have taken the liberty in doing so.  What's the point in a synopsis? Read the book and absorb it, try and see the parallels.  For those of you who might view this book as some communist/socialist manifesto it actually really isnt.  The book spoke bluntely to me, further solidifying in my mind what is happening in our present time and the path we are paving towards the future.Written in 1949 a few decades before the advent of the personal computer and worldwide networks.  Orwell lacked the means of explaining the technology by which ""big brother"" was able to keep a watchful eye via the tv.  He touched briefly on the two way communication capability.  If you relate that to present day.  The computer is what he would have meant if the book was written a bit later.  If you havent noticed, computers, high speed internet, multimedia accessories, etc are all being thursted apon us.  We reach out for it willingly as means of entertainment.  Will we ever get to a point when we are required to have such things by law so we can be monitored?  I doubt people will fuss over it either, they'll accept it willingly.  Just as we accept walking through security checkpionts at airports that violate our personal privacy (referring to the latest see through scanners).  Yet we do so willingly, because of fear caused by ""terrorist"".  Tell the sheep its for their own protection that a wolf is gaurding them from others much like himself and they shall be content. We shed our freedom bit by bit, until we become happy secure little drones.  Long live the empire..."
"George Orwell was always known for handling tough issues in his novels and non-fiction works.  1984 is a timeless example of Orwell's fearlessness, as the novel deftly broaches topics such as totalitarianism and free thought--topics that were eminently important in 1948 (when in the novel was written) and remain important to this day.The novel follows Winston Smith who is loyally employed in the Ministry of Truth within the futuristic nation of Oceania.  However, in Orwell's futuristic world, nothing is as it seems, for the Ministry of Truth seeks actually to destroy historical truth in an effort to protect the unknown but seemingly omniscient ""Party"" which rules Oceania under the direction of the totalitarian leader known simply as ""Big Brother.""  What follows is a dramatic transformation of Winston as he questions his role in this perverse society, where spies are everywhere, privacy is non-existent and rebellious thoughts, let alone actions, are criminal offenses.This is a disturbing satire that stunningly dramatizes the perversities of totalitarian/fascist societies and ultimately makes an important statement about human freedom within society.  Orwell is a talented writer who moves the story along brilliantly, keeping readers glued to the book and throwing in many unforeseen twists and turns.  The conclusion of the novel, with its dramatic last sentence, is classic and troubling.  This is an important book for all to read and most will enjoy doing so."
"Great book. Some of it is funny too. The ministry of Love, which is in charge or torturing, is called Miniluv in the language of Newspeak. The book presents a picture of a futuristic cruel society. Unlike A Brave New World, I would not want to live in this society. Some of the things that go on in this book one can relate to the real world. For example, in the book constant war is a stimulant to the economy, which resembles how some presidents use war to stimulate a bad economy in our times. The book also contains a book within a book, which appears to be an original concept. The book within the book describes an elaborate construction of the workings and politics of the Party. The torture that takes place is incredible. The Newspeak language was an interesting idea designed to reduce the possibilities of thought crimes by reducing the numbers of words in the language. The ideal speaker quacks like a duck, duckspeaking, such that speaking originates from the larynx as opposed from the brain. Duckspeaking is a marvelous, but scary idea indeed."
"This is truly a great and important Novel!  The story that dared the world to behold its possible future during a time when the future was terrifyingly uncertain, still today holds its grip on the reader!  Orwell could have been a tennis player, because he serves you up so perfectly with the heroic struggle of a man and woman against the omnipotent, ever-watchful State, and then smashes you into oblivion with the absolute destruction of any hope for a good ending or bright future.  This book warns you as obnoxiously as the whistle of an approaching train of the dangers of absolute government that has technology at its disposal and ignorance its only adversary!  Many people believe that 1984 never happened because '1984' happened....I would be inclined to agree.  Read the powerful book!  It will Stun you, I promise!"
"I am a 15 y/o male who had to read this book for my high schools summer reading program. Orwells crafty tale of a new all powerfull society and rebels trying to bring it down is an intense depiction of what life could be like. Join Winston Smith throughout his journey of rebellion and a forbidden love affair (for you chick-flick lovers) as he fights ""Big Brother"" and the ""Party."". I think this is one of the best books I have ever read. Very entertaining and well, good. The fact that I am an Anarchist and have the same dreams as Winston of overthrowing the government only increases my admiration for Orwell, who was not afraid to craft a character most people would look down upon. Great book."
There are many works where the story is the content.  These books are usually for entertainment.  This book uses the story to deliver its content.  It uses the story to illustrate some awsome philosophical ideas.  By presenting the ideas in a story they are easier to understand and they are more entertaining.I could not put the book down as I got towards the end.  This is the only book I have ever read that has given me the shakes.
"Possibly Orwell's greatest work, this was published in 1949 and served (and still serves) as a great warning for what might happen if we aren't careful enough.The year is 1984 and the setting is in London, which is part of Airstrip One, which is part of one of the three world superpowers, Oceania. Oceania was formed on the principles of Ingsoc (English Socialism) and is governed by a group of wealthy people and the imaginary ""Big Brother"" who is a figure designed by the Party for the people to look up to as their protector. Oceania, and London is particular, is not an ideal place to live at all. Only the Inner Party, which make up a small percent of the population, have enough food to eat and live in considerable luxury. The Outer Party, which are a group of people that hold many of the jobs that keep the Party going, are forced to live under the microscope of the Party and live in relative poverty. While they have it better off than the low class (Proles) they do not have the freedom that the Proles have, and they spend all their time either working or attending Party functions. It is not considered good for a Party member to be doing anything alone besides sleeping and things of that sort.Part 1 gives us the basics of the book. It describes Outer Party member Winston Smith, who is the main character of the book. In Part One, Smith finds himself and realizes how much he hates the Party.In Part 2, Winston meets another Outer Party member named Julia. Julia shares Winston's hatred of the Party and the two both consider themselves to be criminals and they know that they will eventually be destroyed by the Party. However, they agree to dodge the Party as long as possible. At the end of Part 2, Winston is captured by the Party.Part 3 is about the Party's efforts to change Winston by means of torture and make him a loyal servant. I won't go into deep detail because I don't want to ruin the book :)1984 is a great novel. Maybe harder to understand and more complex than Animal Farm, but you probably get a little more out of it. If you want a complex tale about what we could be headed for, read 1984. If you want something simpler, more lighthearted, and less time consuming read Animal Farm. Both books are great in their own right."
"Orwell takes you into a world that is not unlike that of Communistic countries in our own time.  He was a prophet of the dictatorial harshness in countries where freedom of thought, speech, religion and education is suppressed.  No one knew in 1949 that this book would speak volumes about society and the ""global community"" where truth is nearly always suffocated and lives are extinguished uselessly in the name of ""Big Brother"".  This book will change your mind about politics forever and cause a deeper appreciation of the freedoms Western nations enjoy."
"No matter what happens in the world this book continues to provide us with warnings.  With the coming of Homeland Security we should be ever watchful that the small liberties we enjoy aren't taken away.  Orwell writes of a world in which the masses have been deemed weak and harmless, while the intellegent have been brainwashed and those that aren't are vaporized.With the government asking our country's truckers, toll booth collectors, garbagemen, etc, to bascially spy on the population and report any out of the ordinary occurrences this book once again proves how on the money Orwell was."
"I will start off by saying that if you have not read George Orwell's ""1984,"" then you have missed out on one of the true masterpieces of English literature. The ideas presented here have become so essential a part of Western society that phrases such as ""Big Brother is watching"" and ""Orwellian doublethink"" have become forever incorporated into our vocabulary.""1984"" is above all a commentary on the social and very human forces that drive authoritarianism. At every step the role of human nature, a nature which is at times so independent and yet at other times obedient, is explored in multiple facets. What motivates us as social beings? What  creates the need for control? How do we, beings whose ultimate love and need is freedom, become acquiescent in authoritarian governments? Orwell answers all of these questions with amazing clarity and directness. He convinces us with his powerful vision of the ""future"" that human fragility and human strength are two sides of the same coin. Without one the other cannot exist.The issues raised in ""1984"" are extremely valid today. In the terrible aftermath of September 11th, Americans, as lovers and upholders of liberty, have been eager to protect these most valued keepsakes. Yet this protection comes at the expense of freedom, the ultimate goal, with greater government surveillance and control over the lives of innocents. Thus we face the classic dilemma of ""1984,"" as puzzling a problem today as it was then. All we can hope is that as individuals we do not face the same fate as the protagonist, whom we last see proclaiming his love for Big Brother."
"The starting point and first dot is Orwell's 1984  how language is used to control large populations. The second dot connects Big Brothers tactics to modern politics and business. Hmm, Big Brother could have written the American 2001Patriot act himself. The Last but not lease dot is connecting the 1984 dots to Americas ""race"" problem.Do you know who and what land area they were fighting over in 1984? Most experts think that Orwell was writing about totalitarian government. He was, but that was not all he was writing about. Big Brother and Oceania were trying to get control of a particular land, and its people, and resources. Where was this land? If you read the book, I bet you do not remember. You read the answer, it was at the end of the book. When you read it, your bio-computer (Brain) had a Brain Crash. Because what Orwell reveals in the end is so well connected to modern times and what is actually happening, today it is too scary to contemplate for most Americans.Yes and today we have the Patriot Act, and Neighbors who become part of the ""disappeared"". Hmmmm!You need these particular dots, You need to reread these classics, Orwell is not as theoretical as you think.For more details, get DoubleSpeak in Black and White here on Amazon"
"Orwell's 1984 is one of the sharpest, cruelest and smartest books ever written. It critisezes the communist idiology, the way it was practiced in the former USSR. Although in those days few people outside Russia knew the horrors of life under Stalin's regume, Orwell draws the most correct picture of this life. Once a communist himself, he is not afraid to talk harshly of the ideas he once supported. But the book isn't about the Soviet regime in particulare, it's about dictatorships of any kind, that's what makes him very relevant today. An interesting plot and a tasteful touch of sarcasm."
"I read this book in 1954 when 1984 was thirty years in the future.The book scared the hell out of me. But I kept re-reading it. The other day, I sat down and opened this book again.It still scares the hell out of me.Democracy and the free market are such sweet pastries. Freedom of thought is like the first zip of coffee with the first bite of the chocolate donut.This novel is cold and chilling. It has no warm fuzzies to soften the blow. This is serious stuff. George Orwell rang the alarm and it is still ringing.This is a nightmare lingering in the midnight moving  shadows where your eyes don't want to go.1984 still lies creeping in the future, sleeping in the cold puddles in the dark nights just outside your window."
"Wow is the first phrase that came to my mind after finishing this book.  It is one of the best I have ever read and certainly my favorite read over the last year.  I am sure everyone knows the plot by now so I will not rehash.  But I knew the general plot beforehand i.e. ""Big Brother"" and the thought police, and I was STILL overwhelmed by 1984.  Orwell's writing makes you keep coming back for more, always eager to find out how the current situation will turn out, and what will happen next.  Besides the sketch of a tyrannical government using mass propaganda to literally brainwash its citizens, Orwell also shows how powerless the ordinary citizen becomes, how much trouble must be gone through to engage in illegal conduct, and how brutal the aftermath of getting caught is.  And the love story, which I expected to be the weakest part of the book, is actually fascinating and heartbreaking.  A Must-Read if there ever was one!"
"This book is about a society that doesn't exist. This society is evil and strict. In this world you have no privacy. Thinking is a crime. There is no freedom whatsoever.Winston Smith is the main character. He is the readers eye into this world. Luckily for you, he's a very interesting chap. This guy has a diary! That's not illegal, but it's punishable by death. Nothing is illegal. The government is called the Inner Party. These shady guys operate the whole society. The use strange techniques like doublethink. They can change the past.Big Brother is a major theme in this book. He's the scary face watching over everything. There are 4 ministries. The Ministry of Love deals with Hate. The Ministry of Peace deals with War. The Ministry of Plenty deals with the economy. The Ministry of Truth deals with news, entertainment, education, and the fine arts. These are all coined Minitrue, Minipax, Miniluv, and Miniplenty.This is a heart-wrenching book. It's very suspenseful. It's also unbelievable in some respects. Telescreens? Can you imagine being watched all the time? In the future it's possible. The unbelievable thing is that the government keeps changing the past. Smith is in this department. All he does is constantly change facts to suit Big Brother's agenda.The end of the book is frightening. If you haven't read 1984 and read everything above, I already gave you the main gist. Does that mean my little review substitutes the book? Of course not. There are many juicy parts I saved for you potential readers. The end is a really cool ending. There's also a little naughtiness, if you know what I mean.Anyway, 1984 is a book that I had to read for school. I was assigned a hundred pages. I thought that was a lot. It turned out that I finished the book ahead of schedule. Enough about me, I want you all to read this book. I think it's a book you shouldn't pass up. It may be the world in the future."
"Our society and culture are shaped by ideas that have occurred decades, centuries, and even eons before we were conceived. Our perception of history affects the way we see our surroundings and that same perception contains much gravity in the way of our thoughts and actions. We tend to outwardly proclaim our love for idealogical freedom and take pride in our nation. But what if none of it was real? What if our perception of reality and all that has ever happened was controlled not for the sake of our own good, but for the sake of power.1984 was written during a time when communism was on the rise with an inherent fear that the ideologies of the said political point of reference would overcome the freedoms upheld by the American public. George Orwell, an English author born in India, fought against the armies and individuals who would push forth such ideologies. What he saw arising was a possible future in which governments controlled every detail of your life to the point of even telling you who you could marry and where you can eat. We can see the downfall of the utopian communist mindset now, but are we indifferent to the lessons learned through what Orwell has communicated?This is a great book when we open our minds to the understanding that, in my opinion, transcends the breadth of the book. What reality will you trust? When you look at who we think we are as Citizens of the United States of America (if you are as such), do you realize that a probable 2/3's of the world hates us? When we see history, can we see it through the eyes of the Vietnamese soldier, of whose land we invade? Are we able to peer through the thoughts of the Native American who remembers through oral tradition the first encounter with the Europeans as his people are being destroyed by the same people group? I'm not trying to increase a personal hatred or sentiment of discord with what our country is. What I am trying to relay here is that History is not always what it seems to us through first glance, I think that more than anything it is what Orwell wants us to understand. Is our freedom worth the investigation it takes to find the truth? I think so, and I think that reading this book can give us an insight as to why. Very entertaining. Very dark. Very thoughtful. I give it five stars because it's a well written book with a seeming purpose that goes beyond reading it."
"Let me tell you about one of my favorite books ever. The book is George Orwell's ""1984."" It had been sitting on my bookshelf for several years but until recently I had deemed it too ""boring"" to read. It was only this summer, having nothing else to read in its stead that I began a full-hearted attempt to read this book. How wrong I was about its supposed dullness. By the first few pages I was hooked, trapped in the year 1984 as Winston Smith. I was unable to escape the ever-watchful eye of the telescreens that were in every room, watching every move I made, studying my face for any emotion that might flicker across it: unhappiness, anger, or anxiety. Never once during the whole book did I ever feel truly safe, as one might feel during a weekend or a vacation. That feeling that there is nothing to do but simply... relax, let loose all of your worries. Throughout the whole book I felt as though my nerves might break from the terrible strain of keeping my face devoid of any revealing emotion or feeling. That's half of the book; the feeling of hopelessness and depression that George Orwell masterfully weaves into his writing. The other half is the doomed world that his story takes place in. Never once throughout the whole book did I ever think to myself, ""Well that could never happen,"" or, ""That's rather hard to believe."" The world that George Orwell masterfully created was completely, utterly, and... depressingly realistic. Even a few days after reading the book I felt the world to be small and bleak. I have a dream of becoming a great and revolutionary director, such as Francis Ford Coppola or Steven Spielberg. Yet how could anything I might accomplish, any change I might make to the world of film, matter if George Orwell's nightmare prophesy, or something similar to it, became a reality?Now, I consider this my one of my favorite books of all time. I would give it 500 stars if I could. It is my personal opinion that every person running for President should be required to read this book, to do whatever is possible to make the sure that the world of 1984 never comes into existence.Any people who liked this book (you rock!) might also enjoy, ""A Canticle for Leibowitz,"" ""Watership Down,"" ""Starship Troopers,"" ""Bridge of Birds,"" ""Hyperion,"" ""Neverwhere,"" His Dark Materials trilogy, and works by Howard Philips Lovecraft. There is no connection between 1984 and the books I just mentioned; these are simply some of my personal favorites and if you share my taste in books (way to go!) I would like to suggest them to you."
"ORWELL'S PESSIMISTIC LOOK AT THE FUTURE IS A GLIMPSE OF THE WORLD THAT HE FORESAW AS A RESULT OF GLOBAL COMMUNISM. ORWELL WAS LARGELY CRITICIZED FOR BOTH ANIMAL FARM AND 1984 SINCE AT THE TIME THEY WERE WRITTEN THEY WERE PERCEIVED AS A RAGE AGAINST STALINIST RUSSIA, WHICH WAS AN ALLY OF GREAT BRITIAN. AT THE TIME.HIMSELF A SOCIALIST, IN '1984' ORWELL PRESENTS A PICTURE OF SOCIALISM GONE AMOK. THE WORLD IS COMOPSED OF THREE SUPERPOWERS-EURASIA,EASTASIA, AND OCEANA. THE BOOKS HERO, WINSTON SMITH, IS A MID LEVEL BUREAUCRAT WHOSE JOB IT IS TO REWRITE THE PAST. WINSTON LIVES IN LONDON WHICH IS PART OF OCEANA: OSTENSIBLY THE BRITISH ISLES AND NORTH AMERICA. THE SUPERPOWERS ARE CONSTANTLY AT WAR WITH EACH OTHER AND THE CITIZENS OF OCEANA ARE BRAIN WASHED TO THE POINT THAT THE LEADERS CAN CHANGE THE ENEMY WITHOUT THE CITIZENS EVEN NOTICING.WINSTON SEEMS TO REMEMBER A DIFFERENT PAST THAN THE ONE THAT HAS BEEN HAMMERED INTO HIS AND EVERYONE ELSES' MIND BY BIG BROTHER. WINSTON HAS COME TO HATE BIG BROTHER BUT HE IS TERRIFIED WITH HIS OWN THOUGHTS. THE 'THOUGHT POLICE' ARE  EVERYWHERE AND CAN READ A PERSONS MIND. DISCOVERY BY THE THOUGHT POLICE WILL RESULT IN CERTAIN TORTURE AND DEATH.STILL WINSTON CAN NOT HELP WHAT HE THINKS AND HE TAKES ON A LOVER, AN ACT TOTALLY FORBIDDEN. HE ALSO SUBLETS A ROOM LOCATED IN A SHOP IN THE WORKING CLASS SECTION OF LONDON. EVENTUALLY WINSTON AND HIS LOVER ARE BETRAYED BY THE SHOPKEEPER, WHO IT TURNS OUT IS ONE OF THE THOUGHT POLICE. WINSTON IS TORTURED BOTH MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY AND IS LEFT TOTALLY BROKEN AND DEFEATED. WINSTON IS HOWEVER FINALLY BROKEN TO A POINT THAT HE BECOMES THE TOTALLY DEVOTED CITIZEN THAT BIG BROTHER DEMANDS.ORWELL WAS TRULY ONE OF THE GREAT THINKERS OF HIS TIME AND, HAD HE NOT DIED SO YOUNG, ONE WONDERS WHAT OTHER GREAT LITERARY ACHIEVMENTS HE WOULD HAVE PRODUCED. ONE ALSO WONDERS WHAT INFLEUNCE HIS VOICE MAY HAVE HAD DURING THE COLD WAR."
"This is my first time writing a review, and i'm not going to bother writing a synopsis because other people before me have taken the liberty in doing so.  Whats the point in a synopsis? Read the book and absorb it, try and see the parallels.  For those of you who might view this book as some communist/socialist manifesto it actually really isnt.  The book spoke bluntely to me, further solidifying in my mind what is happening in our present time and the path we are paving towards the future"
"Orwell's 1984 wasn't the first utopia/dystopia written, but it pretty much set the standard for all those that followed, and even for those that came first. Orwell wrote a novel warning us of what could happen if political power went unchecked, and his warning was especially to his contemporaries living in the post-war England. Orwell does a brilliant job of capturing the despair and dinginess of life in his 1984. In fact he does it so well that if the reader is not careful the general mood of the novel could invavde the reader's life (it did mine). This book has been called one of the few masterpieces of modern literature. The third section especially so. Rarely have I read anything as great or powerful as part three of 1984. The dangers that Orwell warns us of leap forth in this section--the loss of free will and the total breaking of the human spirit, which we all would like to believe always survives. But it doesn't."
"""Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four.""In the world depicted in this powerful novel, the use of logic is prohibited.  Citizens are required to follow the Party's ideas, believe the Party's lies, hate the Party's enemies, rejoice at the Party's victories.  If the Party contradicts itself (which is common), the members are forbidden to ask questions, but to follow blindly, as sheep led to slaughter.  Big Brother perfected what the Communists only dreamed of -- absolute obedience, total loyalty to a cruel master.  Even simple human emotions are discouraged.What a perfect setting for a love story!  Of course, there is  romance entwined into the precise fibers of 1984, but the novel is not a love story.  It's a society story, a political story.  A story of human existence, if you will.  This is a story about an eternal food chain.  Though Winston's story is not the message, one grows to love him for endeavors to understand his twisted world.I read this book after hearing about it for many years.  People will hear of it for many years to come, no doubt.  The main message of the novel leaves the reader reeling, suddenly needing some time to reflect.  Questions arise in the reader's mind: What holds our society together?  What keeps Communism from working in reality?  Could this ever happen?As a citizen of the US for all of my 17 years, I have come to value my freedom more after reading 1984.  I'm thankful to live here where I can do pretty much anything I please, instead of Orwell's imaginary Oceania, where imagining committing a crime could land you several months of torture at ""The Ministry of Love"".I can say for certain that this book isn't in my high school's literature curriculum.  It should be. If we could learn to appreciate our liberty while we are young, the US would be a much better place."
"If for some reason you got through high school without being forced to read this book, I highly recommend that you read it now. Besides being creative and extremely thought-provoking, 1984 paints a vivid picture of a hopeless future world... a world void of privacy, friendship, love, and family. In this world, where Big Brother is god, mindless conformity is the highest virtue. Winston, the main character, serves as a powerful narrator in revealing the true nature of this society that, in the late 1940's, did not seem all that distant. The two factors of Orwell's society that struck me most were: 1) the disintegration of the family unit, where children control and betray their parents and 2) the mass brainwash of citizens and the idea of ""doublethink,"" where history is repeatedly rewritten within citizen's own minds. Everyone should read this book, if only to appreciate the society that we do live in."
"Orwell's striking story about the dangers of, basically, communism.  It still strikes a chord ALL these years later.  It may seem daunting, being an ""out of touch old book"" but better chance than not, you'll love it.  ~Andy"
"Big Brother's watching, and there's no escaping him.1984 is the story of Winston Smith, a employee for the Ministry of Truth, and how he tries to escape the wrath of big brother, and even tries to.well you'll just have to read the book to find that out.This book is full of twists and turns, that will leave you on the edge of your seat, up to the last four words. oh by the way ""war is peace freedom is slavery ignorance is strength."" and ""2+2=5"""
"In ""1984"", Winston, the main character, finds himself dissatisfied with a world he feels powerless to change.  Cameras are everywhere, and no one knows when they are being monitored.  Furthermore, government spies abound, and children are taught early on to snitch on someone who is being disloyal.  Public records are constantly altered to ensure that ""Big Brother"" is seen as flawless and all-powerful.  Unable to hide in the shadows any longer, Winston begins to search for others who are equally disatisfied.  As the story unfolds, the uneasiness builds as Winston tries to find a way to thwart the seemingly unstoppable Big Brother.Privacy advocates often reference ""1984"" for its nightmarish vision of a world where one's every move is monitored.  Equally unnerving are the descriptions of an all-powerful government that can hide the truth by altering documents and that ""reprograms"" those who disagree.  If you're sleeping too well at night, this is a book for you.  It should be read by everyone who's ever considered the importance of freedom."
"The world of George Orwell's 1984 is a dirty world that is filled with equally dirty people.  This filth is both external and internal.  There is scarcely a page in which Orwell does not describe the run-down condition that is Oceania.  Grime seems to cover each wall and window.  Elevators break.  Nearly all moving devices need continual repair.  The only device that is guaranteed to work is the ubiquitous telescreen.  The characters are the human equivalent of their eroding technology.  Almost everyone is fat, gross, balding, or otherwise plain ugly.  Winston Smith, the hero, is described in terms that make the reader wonder why his lover, Julia, fell in love with him.  It is this preoccupation with grubbiness that serves as a subtext to point out that the world of Oceania is the inevitable result when the beauty of individuality is removed and the uncaring and life-denying collective psychology of the state is substituted. When the only ones in a society who seek to celebrate their independence of mind and body can do so knowing full well that their discovery is certain,  then their relationship takes on a significance that is worth the terrible cost.  For most of the book, Winston and Julia tap dance around each other before finding out that each is not alone. When they couple sexually, their orgasm is a political statement.  The next logical step is to find others like themselves.  They believe that Winston's boss, O'Brien, is a kindred soul who is also a member of the secret brotherhood.  He gives them a book to read which explains the principles by which the group's members live.  Ironically, to become a member of this group dictates that both Winston and Julia must merge into the group's collective consciousness more thoroughly than demanded by Big Brother for his group, the symbol of the party that governs Oceania.  Their relation is detected nearly at once, but the party allows them to continue until it decides to arrest them.  O'Brien is really a traitor to the probably non-existent brotherhood, and it is he who interrogates both Winston and Julia.  O'Brien is described as an aging but still vigorous torturer.  In fact, he uses his wrinkled face as a metaphor for the futility of Winston to seek to enhance his own psychological life by engaging in forbidden love.  Winston is thoroughly beaten, humiliated, broken.  His de-evolution from Thinking Man to Orthodox Man is both rapid and irreversible.  As he stares into the mirror, O'Brien tells him that if Winston believes himself to be the last free thinking man on earth, then the wreck that stares back at him merely punctuates the party claim that the individual counts not at all in the political scheme of things.  When Winston acknowledges that he now loves Big Brother, the reader can see that this love is not the love of emotion but one of indoctrinated and inculcated values, and thus not worthy of the term 'love' at all. The tragic irony is that the reader can see this even if Winston Smith cannot."
"A great book a little scary with the idea... that BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING... although we always think of who wathing us in public the idea of being watched in work and in your house kinda brings an idea of the Nazi Gestapo back, terrorizing you in your house and in public if they think your against the government body."
A great book a little scary with the idea... that BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING... although we always think of who wathing us in public the idea of being watched in work and in your house kinda brings an idea of the Nazi Gestapo back terrorizing you in your house and in public if they think your against the government body.
people are complaing about the plot but i found this book extremely entertaining and i cannot look at the world or listen to the news the same way.  Read the dictionary of newspeak terms at the end and you wont be as depressed when you are done (still not a happy ending but atleast big brother falls)
"1984 is a thought provoking book of what George Orwell thought the world would actually be like in 1984.  It is a scary prediction, that your whole society is controlled by an unseen figure and all individual thought is completely discouraged.  Free will is taken away and people are basically forced to become living robots, submitting to every will of the Party.  An original thought will lead you to become wiped out of existence, and the Party will change the past so that you never existed in the first place.  This frightening society is conveyed by the life of Winston Smith, an unhappy Party member who holds the idea of Brotherhood.  1984 is unlike any book I have ever read.  Since it requires some deal of imagination, I would not recommend it to anyone who has trouble imagining a totally new system of living.  The workings of the government require deep thought, so it is not a very easy book to read.  However, I enjoyed reading about this insight of the future.  I am completely honest in saying that 1984 is one of the best books I have ever read."
"George Orwell had my attention from the first to last page of his novel 1984.  1984 is a fascinating and mind-inducing novel.  The story of Winston Smith's struggle through life in Oceania is extremely captivating and thought provoking.  Orwell's sharp, detailed descriptions paint an image of an unforgettably unique society.  His story is a detailed description of a man living in the worst case scenario communistic society.  Orwell's ideas and images are extremely brilliant.  His extreme communist society brainwashes their citizens to become emotionless, violent, and thoughtless.  I was mesmerized by the way the society dehumanized its citizens.  People had no freedom what so ever.  The concept of people having the inability to think, loves, and express themselves is engaging.  I found 1984 to be an extremely thrilling novel, I recommend it to anyone interested in a classic and contemplative piece of literature."
"I thought 1984 was an incredible novel.  Orwell's compelling story of the the future not only presents an interesting and suspenseful plot but also warns the world of a possible society that seems good on the outside but is rotten on the inside.  Orwell makes a powerful point that government control can lead to the worst, particularly when it monitors every aspect of peoples' lives.  He also demonstrates the fact that conformity and sameness is not necessarily happiness.  I think Orwell was commenting more on communism and totalitarianism than our society, since Americans are allowed to be indiviudals, plus we have the right to freedom of speech (along with freedom of thought).  Personally, I would not be able to survive in the world of 1984, where one cannot think what they please, where emotions and ideas are constantly supressed and destroyed.  Overall, I thought this was an absolutely amazing book.  I especially enjoyed the fascinating concept of doublethink.  I recommend this novel to anyone who wants to read a good eye-opening and thrilling book.  I plan on reading it again myself."
"I believe George Orwell was a visionary, a bit imaginative, but very intelligent nonetheless.  His views on individual privacy and freedom of thought in 1984 are a very serious issue. Freedoms are beginning to be limited in our country, whether in the form of tighter airline security or the banning of books in schools.  What is next, the ultimate oppression of our thoughts?  What would it take for a government to control thought? In 1984, the majority of Oceania's inhabitants are compliant with ""Big Brother's"" oligarchical totalitarianism.  This greatly bothers me because I think that in the event of another devastating depression era, the world could again turn to radical forms of government, including ones similar to the principles of ""Ingsoc"" (English Socialism). Some say that society would never resort to supporting such a system; with this I must disagree.  Take a look at leaders like Lenin, Mussolini and Adolf Hitler.  Society followed these destructive men regardless of what some knew then, but all know now.  The people wanted change-needed it; they were desperate, and this will happen again. Will you be a denier?  Ultimately, a system resembling Ingsoc will be an option, with thoughtcrime as its consequence.  Do you wish to keep your privacy, your freedom to thing?  I do."
"I think that part of the impact of 1984 is lost now - I think it meant A LOT more to my parents growing up in the '60s. But the inner themes of the human spirit and how we function in society are just as applicapable today as when written in 1948. Orwell was a wise, wise man...."
"Terrifying Totalitarian Dystopia. 1984 is not a book. It is a muscle that grips the attention unrelentingly from first to last like a vice, rearranging your consciousness and perception. I pick this book up and cannot believe it is so light. Because, to read it is like the feeling Winston gets when he looks at the pyramidal headquarters of The Party: ""It's too big. It can never be destroyed!""Orwell, more than any historian, made the greatest stain on the memory of Stalin with this book. 1984 poses the terrifying proposition of what would happen if insane leadership were not deposed as happened in Soviet Russia. It is also a euphoric, exhilarating plea for individuality. The right to think differently, the right to act differently. The simple, basic, human right to be an individual. Is there a more salient point to be made? I doubt it."
i thought the book 1984 was the most well written book ever
"I read this book many years ago and have re-read it several times. This is a must-read for all who would dare to close their minds for it describes the end result of a dictatorial society in which no-one is allowed to think, speak or publish freely. The ""Thought Police"" will punish anyone trying to do so! It is an exciting storyline with a profound message. Yet, despite all our freedoms there are not many such thoughtful, newly written books on the store shelves these days. I would therefore, like to sincerely recommend one that issued recently. It too reminds us to keep an open mind and lend an ear to our global ecological mess. It is a sharp 21st century social critique in the form of an exciting, fun and enlightening science-fiction, entitled, ""ACCUSED BY FACET-EYES"" (C.B. DON) --- and just like ""1984"", it too makes one stop to ponder about our many thoughtless human actions...but thank goodness that we have the freedom to do so!"
"I was reading many of the reviews on this book ( I usually start with the lowest ratings as they often have something to say other than ""I just loved it"" then move to the fours stars and down ) and was amazed not by the number of poor responseses ( there are long sretches of boredom associated with this book ) but with the reasoning.  Anyone who thinks this an unrealistic depiction of the possible future ( or of the present ) is living in a cute little fantasy world.  Sure we don't have two way T.V. monitors in our living room ordering us to do knee bends, but at least in the book those monitoring devices weren't always monitored.  The odds where, given human limits when the book was written, that the observers were observing others.  Now the computer can record everything.  This does change things a little.  In orwells world if you were naughty you might be seen so they can stop you, now if you are suspected of having been naughty your phone records, bank transactions, hardrive, medical records, etc, can be pulled up in a day.  The level of propaganda is just as bad as Orwell predicted ( notice that while a (very) few media outlets have commented on the reasons that the U.S. is a world pariah the only thing the governmnt has to say is that the bad guys are evil and hate us.  I guess it is just the nature of bad guys to hate as opposed to reaacting to real greivences) and the attempt to limit free speech have become absurd ( I think some guy in the news awhile back got in trouble for using the world ""niggerdly"" because, with no entomological connection, it 'sounded kinda like' a disfavored word ( remember to buy your lady trinkets instead of jewelry this year)).  And if you don't think our prisons are as bad as depicted in the book read any of the reports put out by any of the non-US NGO's that look in to such things.  Consider all the recent restirction on civil liberties in response to the terrorist attact.  The Justice department ""needs"" these new powers to protect us from the immediate threat but they had a hissy fit over a five year sunset cluase.  Why? If the threat still existed the bill could be renewed, if it was passed it would have to be overturned.  Hardly  seems like they were acting in good faith.  So, read 1984, read the ""patriot act,"" ignore what the conspiracy nuts say, ignore what the government says, and see what the staus of your rights, freedom, and privacy are now.  ( you will also find that you can be hauled in to prison with no real reason or recourse so you better not complain too loudly if you don't like what you find)"
"I read this book with the expectations that it was gonna make me think, and it did. The overall theme that of an oppresive society in the ""future"" was both thought-provoking and entertaining. People say that this book has no relevence today because of the fall of Hitler and Stalin, but I say it means more now than ever before. You just need to think of it in the opposite context. Let me explain. Today, we have a wealth of information, some say too much. That is the point. Since we as people have so much at our fingertips, it gets pretty easy for most to spend all day looking at meaningless junk and buying things that they don't need. There is where an oppressive gov't takes over by giving us freedom to look and buy, they take away our freedom of privacy, freedom of speech, and freedom of expression. And that is why this book is so important today, because we may be on the brink of a ""1984"" ourselves."
"Anyone who is interested in the nature of power and manipulation of the masses should read this book. Despite the fact that it was orriginaly an inditement against Stalinism, it is still relevant in 21st century America. The nature of the ""War on Terror"" could have been taken dirrectly from the book, in places word for word. The story provides facinating insight into the way that reasonably inteligent people can chose to behave in irrational ways in the name of partiatism and loyalty."
"With the exception of ""Animal Farm,"" it would be hard to think of a work of satire in the English language that is as powerful as ""1984"" (actually ""Nineteen Eighty Four"").  Whereas the Whig-Tory squabbles that make up the background of ""Gulliver's Travels,"" are mostly forgotten now, the totalitarian essence of Airstrip One still haunts the imagination of the First World.  No other major novel this century has produced so many memorable terms.  Not simply fantasies of universal surveillance, but also ""Newspeak,"" ""Doublethink,"" ""the Ministry of Truth,"" ""Sex Crime"" ""Thoughtcrime,"" ""Two Minute Hate,"" ""Memory Hole,"" ""Room 101,"" ""If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face--for ever.""  Indeed, not since Dickens has there been such a novelist so much on the popular consciousness.Since there are already several hundred reviews in praise of this book, I will devote the rest of this review to providing some reservations.  It is often said that Orwell is a master analyst of totalitarianism.  Dead wrong, in my view.  On the Nazi side of the Molotov-Ribbentrop symbiosis, Orwell has rather little to say.  There is no systematic analysis of Nazism, no evaluation of Nazi terror, and, in retrospect most damning of all, no real appreciation of the singular importance of the Holocaust.  A look at ""Revenge is Sour"", which opens up the fourth volume of Orwell's collected journalism, reveals his limitations dramatically.  However just and liberal his opposition to revenge is, Orwell's account fails because he has never had any experience which could make him understand those feelings.  It is like reading a denunciation of pornography from a cardinal who has been blind from birth.What is most powerful in Orwell's account is his satire on Communist dishonesty.  (About Nazi irrationalism and fanaticism he has little to say.)  Why Oceania commits the barbarisms it does is more open to question.  Rather oddly, given his frequent skepticism about Progressive pieties, Orwell appears to believe that a growing economy would be in itself sufficient to provide the goods and services a just society needs.  Since the three world states wish to prevent that, they encourage endless war which wastes any surplus, and which supports their own regimes by permanent war psychosis.  The result is an endless stagnation, and a horrifying stability which could last forever.Now an economic slowdown was clearly a problem with the Soviet Union in the last decades of its life, but equally clearly it was not intended to be that way.  More importantly, the worst Communist atrocities, Collectivization and the Great Leap Forward were attempts to radically change society.  Soviet Stalinism was a society that went through every sort of radical change imaginable.  It was not a society whose crimes were rooted in stasis.Other objections.  England no longer exists, there is only ""Airstrip One.""  Orwell set his nightmare world in England to challenge his countrymen's complacency.  But arguably he reinforced it by showing that it could only occur in an England which was already dead.  It was perhaps this aspect that appealed to Czeslaw Milosz and other Polish exiles who viewed their own country as an innocent swamped and threatened by Russian aggression imposing a thoroughly UnPolish society.  While this view had a great deal of truth to it, the fact that the former Communists have won two free presidential elections in a whole, suggests that it is not the whole truth.  Viewing totalitarianism as a deracinated purging of authentic local traditions has obvious limits.  Clearly the Axis countries were militantly nationalist, and it is clear that Communist regimes could not have survived in China, the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, Cuba, Vietnam and North Korea without successfully appealing to some aspects of nationalism and national culture.  All Communist countries appealed to local traditions (has there ever been any kind of regime that did not?), and Orwell should have taken this into account.  Likewise romantic love is viewed as Winston's salvation, yet Claudia Koonz, Geoff Eley have pointed out how Nazism gained strength from its appeal to conventional ideas of family.  And Richard Stites has pointed out that Stalin's policy cannot simply be viewed as anti-family.Another weakness of the book is its view of Stalinism as one based on intellectuals.  While it could be said of Lenin's dictatorship that the government was dominated by intellectuals, one could not really apply that term to Beria, Zhadanov, or Molotov.  Too much concentration on the sins of a Heidegger distracts one from the far greater crimes of the Wehrmacht and I.G. Farben.  But the greatest weakness of the book is O'Brien.  O'Brien's lust for power is so deranged as to be pyschotic.  That he lives only for others to suffer tells us nothing about how torturers work.  (It does not help the book that Orwell cannot tell the metaphysical difference between a statement such as ""Germany and the Soviet Union signed a non-aggression pact in August 1939."" and ""2+2=4"".  The first is a historical fact, the second is a tautology.  It would be evil to try to torture people to deny the first, madness the second.)  In his portrait Orwell reveals his inability to understand such a personality.  Indeed, such a person could not really be human at all.  Surely in the name of all that is humane and tolerated, he must be extirpated, like a demon.  Arendt's concept of the banality of evil or Sartre's view of the anti-Semite have their limitations, but they tell us more than Orwell does, as does, from the inside as it were, Celine's own later novels."
"George Orewll's 1984 is truly captivating however extremely disturbing.  It's a story about a cold heartless society and the eradication of, by our standards, the normal human.  With it's first copyright in 1949 it's written as an extremely pessimistic view of the future.  The novel examines a socialist empire and the way they can control mankind, the future, and the past.  The book revolves around a middle aged, middle class, although extremely intelligent man.  Winston Smith works as part of the government changing the past.  He is constantly watched and allowed no emotions other than hate and fear.  The party controls every aspect of life.  Winston can vaguely remember his childhood before Big Brother and the Party began controlling everything.  He still  maintains early 20th century morals and ideals of what life should be about.  The book covers his rebellion against the party.  1984 is well written for the most part, however there are some parts that you have to fight to get through.  For example at one point Winston obtains an anti party book, Orwell then goes into long chapters that are excerpts from this ""book.""  These are long dry passages, that contain information that has already been reveled to the reader through indirect methods.  Overall I think that this book is a good book to read.  It will improve your appreciation of life today."
"George Orewll's 1984 is truly captivating however extremely disturbing.  It's a story about a cold heartless society and the eradication of, by our standards, the normal human.  With it's first [edition] in 1949 it's written as an extremely pessimistic view of the future.  The novel examines a socialist empire and the way they can control mankind, the future, and the past.  The book revolves around a middle aged, middle class, although extremely intelligent man.  Winston Smith works as part of the government changing the past.  He is constantly watched and allowed no emotions other than hate and fear.  The party controls every aspect of life.  Winston can vaguely remember his childhood before Big Brother and the Party began controlling everything.  He still  maintains early 20th century morals and ideals of what life should be about.  The book covers his rebellion against the party.  1984 is well written for the most part, however there are some parts that you have to fight to get through.  For example at one point Winston obtains an anti party book, Orwell then goes into long chapters that are excerpts from this ""book.""  These are long dry passages, that contain information that has already been reveled to the reader through indirect methods.  Overall I think that this book is a good book to read.  It will improve your appreciation of life today."
"I think that George Orwell's 1984 is one of the most interesting works of literature I have ever read.  Orwell uses this interesting story to warn people about the dangers of a socialist government, and the extremes that it could go to if it went in that direction.  In this extreme example of totalitarianism, the government can watch your every move, control the past, and even restrict what you think.  He uses superb insight, and makes it really interesting by going deep into the psyche of the main chatacter, Winston Smith.  I greatly enjoyed my reading experience with this novel.  I would definately reccomend this book to anyone who wants a novel that will make them think, and who is not afraid to question their opinions about the truth.  If you are looking for a quick read that wont make you look to deep, dont try this one.  This is one of those books where you have to take rests and comprehend what youre reading, especially at the end.  The beginning of the book was a little slow, and a bit repetitive, but towards the end it really picks up and gets very interesting.  Once I got into the last 50 pages, I absolutley could not put it down.  The last part of the book was packed full of suspense and action, even if the end was a little depressing.  The story, about a man and the woman he loves who are trying to rebel against their oppressive government, gives you glimmers of hope throughout the novel.  Sometimes you truly believe that they can overcome the oppression of a government that doesn't let them feel normal human emotions or think for themselves.  However, in the end I was left with a slight feeling of despair and lonliness.  Even so, I am very glad that I read this book.  No other book I have ever read has made me think more about what our perception of truth really is, or a government's ability to take away mans right to think and act like an individual person.  This book brings up so many interesting issues, and it makes you ask yourself questions that you usually wouldn't think about.  If something happens a certain way, but there's no records of it, and noone remembers it that way, did it really happen like that?  Can a government take away a persons right, or ability to think for themselves?  Is it possible to change history by changing the documents?  Read this book and decide for yourself!"
"this is a powerful book and a must read for everybody. while some may say this book was written to criticize the corrupted Soviet empire, that is not true. Animal Farm was written for that purpose. this book was instead written to warn the free world of totalitarianism, something that could easily happen anywhere in the world, even in democracies like the US, or England, the setting of the book."
"To me, Big Brother has to be the scariest fictional villain I have ever encountered. His ""picture"" is everywhere you look and it appears as though he is always watching you. Everyone believes in him but you don't know if he is an actual entity or just an omnipotent idea. This is the trouble the Winston Smith faces in ""1984,"" a chilling novel by Orson Wells.Those who believe in Big Brother do so religiously while those who don't are stuck in poverty on the fringe of society. Winston believes there is a way to topple Big Brother and the answer lies in the non-beliving masses. The problem is that they have no idea what their situation. Winston must find a way to organize these people while avoiding detection from the Thought Police.Mind control is rampant, people disappear, and ""history"" can be changed with one slip of paper in ""1984."" The scariest part of this novel is that, in the information age we live in, there is the possibility that someone is always watching you. This novel is a must read for a society that hopes to avoid the level of big government that could lead to the situation contained within."
"THe Party dominate all aspects of life and Big Brother is everywhere with cameras and microphones. Winston Smith is the central character whose diary gives him away along with his affair with Julia. Both are brainwashed into thinking The Party is always right, despite evidence to the contary and Winston ends up staing his love for Big Brother- the ""victory over himself"". O'Brien is Winston's nemesis in breaking him down and is a most interesting characther. ..."
"""1984"" is a model of George Orwell's idea of Totalitarianism and in my opinion he wrote it to show people how a political system can suppress individual freedom. Orwell wants to warn people for the future by showing them what society could become if Totalitarianism became true.When I read this book it was very horrifying to me realizing that almost all people, except Winston Smith and Julia, are brainwashed by the Party. They believe everything the Party tells them for example Oceania is at war with Eurasia and in alliance with Eastasia. But one day the situation changes and Oceania is at war with Eastasia and Eurasia is their partner. The Party tells its people that they are always at war with Eastasia and people don't remember that this isn't true! This is incredible for me.To my mind Winston is a sort of hero because he is aware of the danger that he gets into trouble with the Party. He knows from the very beginning that his diary will be found and later will be used against him. He also knows that his love affair with Julia is an act of revolution because sex is just allowed to produce ""new material"" for the Party. But I also think Winston is some kind of naive because he opens his mind to O'Brien before he is sure that O'Brien is also against the Party.A very interesting character of the book, I think, is O'Brien because the reader only gets to know Winston's opinion about him and till the end the reader isn't sure if O'Brien is an enemy or a friend of Winston. For me O'Brien plays his ""role"" perfectly, with the result, that Winston is reintegrated into the Party.The Party invents a new official language of Oceania called Newspeak and by the year 2050 this language will superset Oldspeak (=common English). I think one reason of developing this language is to make old books, which are written before the era of the Party, unreadable. It's vocabulary is so constructed that it gives an exact and often very subtle expression to every meaning. This is done by the invention of new words but chiefly by eliminating undesirable words.Orwell also describes the bad living conditions under which people have to live at that time. The Party wants to make them concentrating on the Party and not on their own pleasure.The reader really sees how the life of a Party member is dictated from his birth to his death.I recognized that Orwell divides the Superstates in the book according to their division in the Cold War. Oceania stands for the United States of America, Eurasia for Russia and Eastasia for China. The ""Golden Country"" is another symbol which can be compared with the old European landscape.While reading the book I asked myself who Big Brother is and I came to the conclusion that Big Brother, whose picture is everywhere, stands for all dictators that have ever existed. Orwell has certainly been thinking of Russian leader Joseph Stalin, Nazi leader Adolf Hitler or the Spanish dictator Francisco Franco. But I think too that for Orwell Big Brother could be a religious figure like God who sees and knows everything but never appears in person. For members of the Inner Party Big Brother is a leader who they can use to scare people and to explain their doings.In my opinion George Orwell wants to show with the book ""1984"" that there exists no chance that all people can become equal. There are always some people who have more power than the others because those have for example to rule the country or to make laws. It's very important that people don't trust their leader blindly and forget to think with their own minds. Therefore they must surely get the right education and the historical knowledge to become aware of the parallels in the past and to notice if something goes into the wrong way.Even a person who has such a big personality as Winston Smith, can be manipulated and influenced easily by drugs and torture. For me the sentence ""I love Big Brother"" at the end of the book is very impressive and shocking because you feel that it isn't a sentence he says for fun, no, this is his new opinion after being brainwashed. The book shows to me clearly that nobody can resist such cruelty and that a society only needs one person to give violence and Totalitarianism a chance. There are always people who want to control every move and thought to get maximum power which lies unfortunately in the human nature.I also think that the actuality of Big Brother isn't to deny because today we have computers and the internet which give us the possibility of looking into the private life of each person. There are a lot of people who are interesting in watching such, in my opinion, boring films.For the future I can imagine that there will be cameras and microphones at a lot of places. So even if you want to go to the doctor or get a new job you will have to give detailed information about your person and nobody will be able to have secrets anymore.I liked reading this book very much because it is written very exciting. I couldn't stop reading because I wanted to know how the story would end. I was very surprised about the ending because I didn't think that Winston could be changed and reintegrated into the Party.I can recommend this novel and satire to everyone because I believe it's very important to become aware of what in our surroundings happens and how easily people can be manipulated and influenced without noticing it. For me it is possible that the story, told in this book, happens in real life again because there are many people who want to get power and look only after their personal benefit."
"""1984"", by George Orwell, is a harrowing tale of the dismal future.  The year is 1984 and the government has taken over every aspect of Joe Anybody's life.  Through the use of an advanced television, called a telescreen, the government keeps a close eye on each and every citizen of Oceania, one of three world powers.  If anyone does something that makes them seem ""unorthodox"" or unique, the Thought Police quickly show up and capture that person, torturing him and then erasing his name from any record it may have been in, thereby erasing his existence.  In this way the government controls all of history.  Any record or document not in compliance with the government's philosophy or ideals quickly receives an alteration to rectify the ""mistake.""  The future is bleak and getting worse by the day. To call this book a ""classic"" would not do it justice.  This is the best book I have ever read, for numerous reasons.  First, George Orwell writes masterfully, with words that flow like water through your mind; his complete grasp of the written word creates a profound impact on the reader which makes the book exceptionally hard to put down.  Second, the questions the book forces you to consider hit with the force of a sledgehammer: what is truth?  Can it  possibly be attained?  These questions haunt your every moment in between reading sessions with this book.  The final reason that this is the best book I have ever read is the messages the book conveys.  The government should not rule people's lives, censorship is a thing more destructive than most people realize, and to be forgotten is a fate far worse than death.  This book made me think more than any other book I have ever read. Although I may speak highly of it, this book may not be for everyone.  It is for every person who believes the government should not have more control over people's lives than it now does, it is for every person who questions whether the information the government feeds us on a daily basis is true or not, and it is for every person who has the mental capacity to grasp the idea that the past may not exist the way you think it does.  If you want to read an astounding book that makes you rethink what you now know about the world you live in, by all means read this book.  If you want to remain complacent and ignorant about what the government could become, then don't read it.  The choice is yours."
"I feel relatively uneasy about saying something negative for such a classic as 1984.  But, learning the book's lesson about what the world would be like if one's individuality were lost, I'll say what I truly feel.  I think this book is slow and depressing.  In fact, the only reason that I kept reading on was because of the introduction of Julia in the story.  I found her character intriguing.  Why was she put there?  Who is she?  Can her motives be trusted?  It was only after I read the story, that I realized she was created by the author for the sole purpose of being used as a barometer for Winston's (the protagonist in the story) individuality.  What Julia means to Winston is an indication of how much Winston has lost of himself.  His ability to think and remember the past.In 1984, the world is divided into 3 superpowers.  Winston belongs to the Ingsoc Party (a contraction of [Eng]lish [Soc]ialism) where to have thoughts in opposition or in deviance with propaganda meant capture and subsequent brainwashing by the Thought Police.  Everyone in the Party is watched and monitored by telescreens (two-way TVs that broadcast as well as receive) and hidden microphones.  A new language called Newspeak is a rapidly decreasing subset of English created to make the expression of rebellious thought an impossiblity.  On top of this, all books and works of literature were being rewritten in Newspeak and their essential meaning contorted to serve the purposes of the Party.If George Orwell's vision of the future haunts you, then his objective was achieved.  His main goal in writing this book was to both set a mood and give a warning.  The mood he sets is for what an extreme Socialist state would look like twenty years from the time he wrote the story.  His warning is of what would happen if Socialism were perverted by the ruling class where power becomes an end and not just the means.The ideas presented in this book are powerful and well thought-out.  However, the story itself is dull and uneventful.  If you like a story that you can read and reflect on afterwards, this is your book.  If you like faster-paced stories, pass on this one.LEAP rating (each out of 5):============================L (Language) - 3 (humorless, basic English dialogue)E (Erotica) - 0.5 (go Julia go)A (Action) - 0 (n/a - goes hand in hand with the story being dull)P (Plot) - 3 (dull story, good vision)"
This book is propaganda and is still used as such. I see it as new wave literature not as our English teachers see it a comment on totalitarianism. If your going to argue about the Soviet Union with me in all seriousness I would expect you too have lived there not be someone like the author a British Intelligence Officer. Why read biased junk? Mind you I find the romance in this story to be good so rate it 3 stars. Did this book introduce me to torture? I think it might have.
"just go out and read it for god's sake ! one of the best books ever written, and able to change your belief structure on society to such a level it's amazing. Once you've read it, test yourself, and one day pick up the book and read a page, and see if it's possible to leave it at that... :) i know i can't do it. This novel exists on so many levels, it's astounding. I read it in grade 9, and thought i understood it. I just read it again this year in grade 13, and I saw so much more within it. Forget all the hype around it, just read itfor yourself and enjoy !"
"i think it's very sad that most people get the whole message wrong.this book is NOT another book about how bad communism is! the party in the book is NOT a socialist party! they just call themselves socialist, just like bush calls himself a democrat. (haha!)this book is a warning of totaliarism in any form, opression by the powerfull.orwell himself used to be a communist. and orwell's latest political conception was socialism!i'd suggest for everybody who wants to read this book and get it right to read the afterword or whatever in the back of the book.why are so many americans so uninformed about communism and socialism?"
"I just wish my school would assign this instead of animal farm, it's a great book.  I especially liked the part when Winston starts to read Goldstein's book.  The concepts Orwell expresses through this part are very interesting and some of them may be applied to the current world situation. Great book.  The afterword on this edition is quite interesting too."
"As an avid reader, time and time again I'm asked what my favorite book is.  I remember I had to read 1984 for a school assignment, and if I had known the first thing about it BEFORE being assigned the reading, I would have read it anyway.Time and time again I answer these folks that 1984 is one of my all-time favorite novels, as it offers some frighteningly real and chillingly recognizable flaws found in society, that, if not ammended, will result in utter destruction.Orwell's foretelling of that negative utopia is brilliantly portrayed.  Even if you're not an avid reader - or don't consider yourself to be - read this book anyway - it's not difficult reading.And with the countless allusions encountered in daily life, you'll be a better person for it."
George Orwell's 1984 was a wonderful book. His style of writing was so unique and believeable. Orwell creates an elaborate future (which is now our past) which is perfectly plausable. It is an utterly frightening representation of what could be; a government which controls the people under them even in their personal lives. They are intimidated into submission. A beautifully phrased portrait of horrifying circumstances. While I could not put it down. It absolutely intrigued me. Already it has become one of my favorites. I could even relate parts of it to my life.I'd reccommend this book to anyone who is thinking about - both young and old. It is a wonderful piece of literature. I know that I'll be reading it again. For the full message of this work is something that deserves to be read twice.Five stars.
"I sat down to read George Orwell's novel on a Tuesday night while my family had dinner in the next room.  For the following few hours, their dinner conversation was interrupted with my bursts of anger and frustration.  ""How can you call the destruction of words beautiful?!"" I cried.  Orwell writes so convincingly that it frightens the reader into thinking, ""What if Oceania really existed in that form?  How could I break free from the oppression, the mindlessness, the fear and anger that surrounds all aspects of life?""  It creates a level of paranoia, especially since there is no happy ending.  The main character, Winston, is never freed from the bondage of being brainwashed and held captive in his own mind.  For if we are not free to think, we are not free at all.  However, I think Orwell succeeds best in terrifying us to the point that we are sure to count our blessings and be sure not to take for granted the beauty of words, thoughts, and freedom."
"George Orwell has another hit.  Animal Farm was only a glimpse at his intellectual genius. This story takes you on a carefully regulated emotional rollercoster.  You will go from intense shock to indignation for the characters involved. This small glimpse into what Orwell considered to be our inevitable future has left me with a strong sense of denial.  Everything from the telescreen that watches your every move to the mere thought of a ""thought Police"" force gave me the shivers. There are several interesting implications for example the use of a term called ""doublethink"" which implies that people can hold two contradictory thoughts in their heads at the same time and beleive them both to be true. overall this book was an amazing peice of work, there was never a time that i put it down unless i had to. i would definitely recommend this to any person who wants to take their mind for a ride."
"George Orwell is a master of the English language, his superb style of writing and the intensity of the story is sustained throughout.The novel covers a timeless issue. Orwell attempts to shock us with the extremities that exist in a totalitarian society whose ultimate purpose is to obtain power. Perhaps these issues, as mentioned in the afterthought, are relevant in areas apart from totalitarianism. Perhaps capitalism is also a class distinction where money is representative of power.These and other issues are covered, proving Orwell's brilliant writing genius."
"Yes, this book is simple to understand by anyone.  You do not need to be a philosopher or literature student.  This book illustrates Orwell's vision of what would happen if humanity saught a utopian society.  This is a book not of the pleasure and perfection we usually think about with utopian literature.  It is the anti-utopia.  This book will allow you to see humanity in it's true light.Orwell uses the ideals of 'the party', 'big brother' or a governmental power to illustrate his point on socialism.  What ever Orwells means are, the fact remains that we can replace his governmental control with that of any particular group, and their need for complete power.  It is the great agenda conspiracy.  He makes his point.  What I gather from the deeper meaning of this book is that humanity has an agenda.  To gain power and create the world they wish it to be.  Power is to be a God.  This is the type of book that can be stripped down and analzyed page by page philosophically.The book is about a man named Winston.  It is about his struggles to survive the world he exists in.  A world where individuality, religion, unorthodoxy, love, compassion, and free thought are crimes punishable by torture and death.  The party and big brother are all people in this world are to live for.  They are not to live for themselves or their fellow humans.  Hate is taught, war is life, the people are simply cogs in the party machine.  They are worse than slaves, they are objects in the party's main goal...power."
"There are only a few books that I believe should be on the required list for any student; this is one of them.1984 represents the world that we most feared; it is a world where pain is synonymous with living, and illusion is synonymous with progress.This book is designed to scare everyone who reads it into imagining a world where there is no such thing as personal freedom, there is no private property, and the ability to love is a crime against society.Prior to the fall of the Soviet Union in the early 1990's, this was the staple vision of what we considered to be the future of Western Europe and Asia.  It is this horrific vision of an all-comsuming and controlling State apparatus that keeps the reader thankful for what freedoms we do enjoy.Orwell elegantly argues that the true danger of the world is that people can be easily manipulated, controlled, and ultimately defeated in the struggle for individuality.  Like its counterpart, Brave New World (by Huxley), Orwell creates a world in which individuality is not only lost, but humanity forgets that we ever had the capacity for it.Orwell masterfully describes every detail of this world, with the greatest care to the cold, and impersonal touch of opression.  His arguments are both compelling and smattering of intense nuggets of rhetorical flavor; once you begin this book, you will not want to stop.  Moreover, you will feel compelled to continue as you are drawn into the intense world of helplessness and despair that every fiber of your being will rage against.  I urge any interested reader to dig into this book, and to finish it in one sitting if possible."
"I had 1984 ruined for me because I was FORCED to read it for school.  Looking back, it is a truly great book.  Like many of the enduring works of Science Fiction, its lasting popularity rests in the powerful archetpyes and metaphors it tapps into.  Big Brother, The Two-Minutes Hate, Room 101 are all here.  What's scary is how some of this seems to be coming true - but Big Brother isn't so much the government as it is Corporations.  Just try getting away from a viewscreen nowadays.  Also, we watch the TV, but the TV also watches US.  Advertisers, the Internet, and MTV control us more thoroughly than the Government could ever hope to espire to.  Instead of telling us ""We are at war with East Asia. We have ALWAYS been at war with East Asia!"" they tell us what our values are, what music we listen to, what movies we watch, etc.  ""We listen to Britney Spears!  We have ALWAYS listened to Britney Spears.""  Orwell would've been so proud."
A powerful political statement... and a frightening glimse into a different world that might some day exist. 1984 is passed but the message grows stronger as it sinks farther into the past. You won't be able to put it down. As well written as Catcher In The Rye.
"Viewed one way, George Orwell's work reads like a quasi-biography. The protagonist, Winston Smith, is a man trapped in a totalitarian society whose first major act of the novel is to begin a diary, so that people in the future can piece together what his present was like and what the past was like, too. That, of course, is exactly what Orwell was doing: writing this novel as a warning to future generations. Orwell was not, as one earlier viewer noted, ahead of his time. He was very much a man of his time. The world during the period preceding and contemporaneous with his work was afire with the sorts of totalitarianism - Nazism, Communism, well-intentioned but disastrous Keynsian socialism - descibed in this work. F.A. Hayek's book (""The Road to Serfdom"") on the threat socialism was to basic human freedom, which may or may not have influenced this work, came out around the same time. Orwell makes it personal. And he reminds us, rightly & properly, to fear anyone who would bend and distort the truth for their own purposes. When others fear the truth WE have reason to fear THEIR motives. We have, of course, seen this recently: the college newspapers refusing to print an anti-reparations ad or the theft and destruction of conservative newspapers on college campuses. No one who genuinely believes in the validity of their argument need fear the effects of dissent: if wrong, it still helps them to clarify their argument; if right (presuming they care for the truth), it serves as a valuable course correction.Orwell's novel also serves to show the importance of organizations - civic groups, churches, even corporations - as a bulwark against government power. Without them, the government can quickly crush any individual it deems a threat. A lone voice in a large country is seldom heard. The freedom of assembly allows men to magnify their voices. In this novel there is nothing that stands between the government and its citizens. When the government is able to bend any group to its will (think of the lawsuits against the Boy Scouts or the Rotary Club), nothing stands in its way, and the end is truly near.Given the dreariness of the movie I was rather scared to pick up this famous novel - I was 12 when that red letter year came around, and I wholly remember the hype. But through the depressing storyline the personal struggle of Winston Smith shines through. And so does the storyline of mankind itself."
"This book is a real kick in the face for anyone who has read it. Especially if you are in the middle of an instituition (prison or school...is there a difference) and have grown up hating beuracrats. Read this book, and burn down London to paraphrase Shaw."
"Interesting book.  I first read it in 1984 and had a lot of fun picking out the items he got correct.  I reread it recently and it is even more fun.  The writing is not real uplifting, but all in all it is a good book.  Everyone should read it."
"Although Brave New World has been written before Orwell's masterpiece - which is the great merit of Aldous Huxley - and these books show different views of the future, I consider 1984 much more mature than the other. When I started to read it, I couldn't stop. It's intelligent, interesting and VERY well written. Besides, it deals with many, many issues, not only totalitarism, as people use to say. It deals also with loneliness, mass media and the power of verbal language. I really like Orwell's description of a profesional ""building"" a new language, a language so limited that would control human's thought. George Orwell was very inspired when he wrote this book. Congratulations to this sensitive writer."
"This is one of my favorite books.  I read it again every few years.  This is such a scary look into what the future could be.  I can't imagine what ran thorough peoples minds who read this book when it was first written in the 1940s.  They must have held great fear for what was to come.  Since I was 7 in 1984 I, obviously, did not read this book until well past that year.The world that this book describes is a scary place that none of us can begin to fathom living in.  Upon reading the first few chapters it was odd to me that people existed in this world without striving for change.  Upon finishing the book, I can state that I quickly saw how overpowering the government was and how things would most likely be impossible to change.Lastly I want to add that the scariest part of all is that some of the ideas in the book no longer seem so ""out there""."
"...1984 is about totalitarianism. It is about a society ruled by a dictator named Big Brother. The thought police carefully scrutinize everyone in the society. They arrest you if you show signs of rebellion or dangerous behavior. Everyone is under constant observation by devices called telescreens; devices that are like two way TVs. One of the points of their society is to make everybody the same. They are working to destroy all things that are individual about people. They also destroy all evidence about the past. They invent and change events so that they are made to look good. They have abolished marriage in the common meaning of the word. You may only get married if you do not have any interest in the person. The main Character, Winston, questions this society. He longs for a time in which people had freedom. He starts a journal, a crime punishable with death, about the things he feels is wrong with the society. He meets a woman named Julia and they begin a secret affair. They find hideaways in the woods and go there separately because if they are seen too often together the thought police will get curious and investigate. They get a room over an antique shop in a poor neighborhood and use that to meet in. Eventually they meet up with a man named O'Brien who asks them to join the brotherhood, an anti Big Brother organization. O'Brien turns out to be a member of the thought police in disguise and they are arrested. They are tortured and made to confess everything. When they are released, they have no strong feelings for each other anymore and are for the rule of Big Brother.  I think the significance of this story is to bring to attention the dangers of dictatorships. What Orwell did with his novel was create a hypothetical situation representing what could come if we are not careful. This book was written at a very tumultuous time in history where there were many emerging dictators. This book is Orwell's warning to society."
"1984 is a story about Winston Smith, a member of the totalitarian communist party of the country Oceania.  1984 was written by George Orwell describing the consequences of a communist government taking hold.  Winston Smith works at a government office that publishes propaganda and changes historical records on a daily basis.  It operates under the idea that ""Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past"".  This is central to the government and revolves around the realization that history is only made of human memory and records, because it can not be made of matter.  In 1984, records are constantly destroyed and rewritten, to the point that no one is actually sure that it is 1984.  In order to control human memory, citizens are taught to deny past memories consciously while simultaneously denying that they are denying anything.  Winston goes on to rebel and then suffers a fait similar to that of those determined ""counter-revolutionary"" by the Russian socialists.  In the end, Winston experience an almost religious change to becoming a devoted follower of the Party. I found 1984 entertaining and challenging, but it not the most exciting or gripping read.  Compared to similar books like A Brave New World and Orwell's own Animal Farm, 1984 fell short.  The general pessimistic darkness became boring and trite instead of disturbing because there was never a hint of contrast.  Oppressive despair as the general mood is fine, but obsessively mulling  it over and over is worse than beating the reader over the head with it. I think that 1984 was centered around an idea rather than an emotion, set of characters or plot, and because of this I think that many elements of the story, dominantly the characters, suffered.  Instead of the actions being caused by what the characters personalities were, the characters were designed around the actions.  The only traits shown were the ones that were necessary to make the actions reasonable.  Because of this, even the most important characters were often extremely developed in on area and flat and dull in another.  On the other hand, a nice touch was that throughout the story, Winston mentally accepts that he will be caught, but when it actually happens, he is emotionally unprepared.  I thought that this made him more realistic and human. As stated before, 1984 prizes an idea above all else, and Orwell seems willing to sacrifice anything and everything to nock it into the reader's head.  Newspeak, the language of Oceania, is a good idea to show another aspect of this atrocious government that Orwell wants to illustrate, but did nothing for the plot or the characters.  It was supposed to enhance the sense of absolute orthodoxy, but in the end it just seemed bothersome and distracting. While 1984 is a great intellectual triumph, it lacks in everything but mental capacities.  It was stilted, stiff and insipid compared to Orwell's other stories."
"1984 just proves Orwell to be a wonderful writer. He has a great writing style, but at the same time awakens the reader to reality. He shows the reader what can happen if things in society keep going the way they are. Whenever I read this book I get a little saddened and wonder about the future. Definitely recommended to anyone."
"There's not much to say about 1984: you won't be able to let go of this book until you finish it.My feelings went from tension to claustrophoby in some parts, making this book one of my most visceral experiences in reading."
"nineteen eighty four was written by the wonderfull author: George Orwell. He was the author of the famous book called Animal farm where he attacked communism metaphorically by using farm animals to represent Humans.Nineteen Eighty-Four is a darkly satirical political novel and love story by George Orwell. Nineteen eightyfour is a similar book. it is  about Totalitarianism where the government controlls everything, even the people and how they think. The government has total control on newspapers and practically everything you can imagine. They have the power to spy on people and those who oppose will get in trouble...Citizens have no right to a personal life or personal thought. Leisure and other activities are controlled through strict mores. Sexual pleasure is discouraged, with females being taught not to enjoy it; sex is retained only for the purpose of reproduction.The mysterious head of government is the omniscient, omnipotent, beloved Big Brother, or ""BB"". Big Brother is described as ""a man of about forty-five, with a heavy black moustache and ruggedly handsome features."" He is usually displayed on posters with the slogan ""BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU"".This sense of invasion effects the main character: Winston and his secret hatred towards big brother.The book shows the life of winston and his troubles and how BB controls everyone's life. Winston has to ""struggle"" for survival in a world of war and totalitarianism while finding love to Julia.to me, 1984 was and still is a very depressing book. It is so sad how BB controls everyone and how Winston gets effected by this.We really get into the story by orwell's fantastic writing with lots of description so we can imagine what it would be like.This is such a good book, this is my first Orwell book and after that, I read Animal farm and was also great!ORWELL is such a good writer and 1984 is one of his best books about love, survival....., and betrayal.""We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness."""
"Orwell wrote 1984 at a miserable juncture in history. The Second World War had just ended, the Europe of his memory was in ruins, the full horror of the holocaust had been laid bare and the victorious powers seemed bent on completing the destruction the planet. The best of optimists would have quailed, and Orwell was no optimist. Surrounded by this stark despairing landscape, he wrote a stark despairing speculation. It was his damning indictment of the dark places of our souls.It has been called a masterpiece; one of the twentieth century's greatest prophecies; a visionary dystopia that will speak for all time.I beg to differ.I do not question the brilliance of Orwell's writing. It exactly conveys the utter dejection and despair that he felt in the aftermath of the war. It is an incredibly taut development of character, theme, setting, and plot that strikes our psyche like a fist to the stomach. It attains exactly the right balance between storytelling and polemic.It is also all wrong. It felt wrong thirty years ago when I first read it. It feels just as wrong today.If we ever manage to create hell, it won't be Orwellian. Humans are far more amenable to seduction than oppression. Why spy into every household when one can be persuaded to spy on oneself? Why use techniques as inefficient as torture when far more can be accomplished by appealing to our basest pleasures? Why need doublethink be forced when we will freely embrace it where it is invested with enough allure? And why would the denizens of a misbegotten future bother to listen to voices of discord when their every waking hour can be filled to excess with titillation, shallow ecstasy, and unending bombardment of the senses? The dystopia of the future will not be one of oppression, but of gluttony.An observant person, looking at the here and now, might conclude that hell has already arrived. But it has arrived via Huxley, not Orwell. We already have the Brave New World of test tube babies, mass pacification, casual sex, and broadcasted voyeurism. The key to keeping a society docile is to make docility so pleasant, so seductive, that we will freely and willingly embrace it over the rigours of a well-examined life. The road to hell is paved with syrup, not vinegar.Orwell was a brilliant thinker and writer, not just of fiction, but of social and personal commentary. His essays are probably the finest since Montaigne's, and his powers of human observation and his sheer intellect are overwhelming in their stature. This is what makes 1984 so difficult to understand. Such a keen mind should have arrived at very different conclusions from those exposited in this book.In a really hellish future, there will be no need to destroy malcontents; they will simply be irrelevant."
"It's absolutely amazing how a book that's truly innovative and insightful can remain completely relevant for such a long period of time.After items like the Patriot Act and the war in Iraq, you can't help but ask yourself questions about the government's responsibility in regards to your safety vs. your personal freedom.I can't possibly recommend this book highly enough.  It's an incredibly important work that will change the way you look at the world.""The war is not meant to be won or lost.  The war is meant to be continuous."""
"1984 reveals why an elite would want to subjugate its own middle and lower classes, and how that goal might be attained so as to remain a permanent system, forever.It may have been written as just a novel, but lots of the elements for permanent control are already in place. The purposes of war, of middle-class impoverishment, of third-world depopulation and slavery, and of media control are all laid out.We watch, fascinated, as its written plan for permanent control via a New World Order takes place in the real world before our very eyes.You are not alone if you want to know WHO the puppetmasters are, then there is a FREE online book called HOW THE WORLD REALLY WORKS it is by ALAN B JONES and can be found at [...]I have done my best. l dare you to read 1984 and HOW THE WORLD REALLY WORKS and tell me that they are wrong."
"This book was so deep in meaning .Everything ,from every action was so meaningful.And the end was crazy how the Big Brother  caught him and basically messed with his mind.They tortured him mentally and  the end when he was only set free because big brother knew that he had took away his dignity .Smith was set free only to face the cold world with no dignity .Through out this book they teach that"" war is peace"",""freedom is slavery"",and ""ingnorance is strength""which is totally the oppsite of my beliefs."
"In 1984 George Orwell tells the story of Winston Smith.  Smith lives under the rule of Big Brother.  His every move is monitored.  On the outside Winston is a loyal member of the party, but within Winston rebels.  He does not except the propaganda of the Party.  Winston needs to be reeducated and taught to love Big Brother.This novel provokes a feeling of helplessness.  It expresses the power of oppression and the simplicity of creating truth.  Orwell is constantly playing with the emotions of the reader, taking them on a ride with surprises around every corner.  The reader questions its views on love, politics, and truth.  Orwell's masterpiece forces the readers to examine their own world in order seek out any lies that they have been presented with."
"I have read this book three or four times and it never gets old, IT STILL APPLIES TODAY. With the way the world is going with terroitist,wars,President Bush,weapons of mass destruction could the Thought Police,and living in Oceania be far behind. Most of us laugh at this idea,but some of else might find it easy 2 live in a society where they  don't have to think for themselves or worry about fighting for the little pleasures in life because there won't be any.I how even would NEVER want this type of life.I feel this book was written as a Warning 2 WAKE UP BEFORE IT'S 2 LATE! I RECOMMEND EVERYONE READ THIS BOOK..IT WILL KEEP US ALL AWAKE!"
"I think that every good aware American citizen shouldread this book every five years or so. Our freedom is whatmakes this country so great. The freedom to be different.The freedom to dream and love according to your owndesires. Go into Orwell's world of supression andlive out the danger with those who dare to rebel. Iread this book to remind myself that the freedom we alllove and flourish in, can be restrained in the name ofthe ""state's interest."" Reread this book. Encourage yourkids to read it. Orwell is an excellent writer."
"1984 is a scary, dark, and depressing book. What makes it scarier is that it could happen...Anyone who likes novels, politics, and/or government must read this book. It is, of course, about the totalitarian society of Big Brother and the Thought Police. What makes the novel scary are the parallels that can be drawn between the novel and the U.S. government (and those of other Western countries). For instance, how war is used in the media by the government. This is why it is a required read, read it for yourself and draw the parallels where realistic- they are there.Besides that, the story is excellent; fast paced, well written, and entertaining. The characters are believable and vividly drawn. Overall, an absolutely essential book."
"If you've yet to read this masterpiece, hurry.  When you get tired of reading or think that what Orwell writes is unrealistically drab, then flip on CNN and catch your daily dose of propaganda.  The world of 1984 is modern America, bin Laden is Goldstein and the book is terrifying.  John Ashcroft on 1.29.02 ordered a semi-nude statue of Justice in the Justice Department to be covered by a sheet (check the nydailynews.com archive - No Nudes Good News at Justice).  1984 depicts a world in which the populace suffers but suffers because a war is being waged, a war against faceless terrorists whose existence is only proved by the occasional bombing and ""telescreen"" broadcasts of the Brotherhood's evil leader Goldstein.  Life in Airstrip One (UK) is a miserable existence with barely enough food, many people going without shoes, no art, no free speech and cheap, rotgut alcohol.  Give the recession and the Bush administration a few more years in their 'war against terrorism' and see if you can even still find this book outside of illegal personal collections.After you're done with 1984 check out ""Homage to Catalonia"" Orwell's account of his time spent in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the Communists and Anarchists (which means believing in no central government by the way, the way the Native Americans, Druids and numerous other peoples lived, not all out savagery like the American thought police would have you believe) versus the Fascists.  Homage to Catalonia will help you have a better understanding of what WWII was all about, how the advent of technology set the stage for the top nations in the world to battle of raw materials, slave laborers and market share.  Do some research and see that nearly all of Europe was Socialist or full on Communists at the time of WWII and then realize that American Fascism and Soviet Communism (really Soviet Fascism) defeated Nazi Fascism and that the Cold War was necessary for American Corporations to grow and take over the world with every country that didn't want to be bent over by the US Corps. being invaded outright or overthrown by American backed troops for being Marxists.  The collapse of Soviet Russia was disatrous for America because no bad guy meant we had to pay back debts and answer for the daily suffering of millions of Americans.  Enter the evil camel jockeys and the questions of fairness for the common man are again put on the back burner."
"This is a very powerful novel of great meaning to today's society. One of Orwell’s most important points in his portrayal of society is how it fits the old adage that “Ignorance is bliss.” The citizens believe whatever the Inner Party members tell them because through ignorance they do not have to worry about the meaninglessness of their own lives. The choice between acting upon the truth and staying “blissfully” ignorant of it is one that Winston has to face, and he—-like the other millions of Outer Party members—-chooses to avoid the truth for a less physically painful life.This novel shows that the quest for individuality and freedom can often be a dangerous thing. By accepting the kind of euphoric idealism of modern society, one can quite ironically lose all meaningful freedom in the process.This book's prophecy is quite similar to that of Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" (another excellent novel), in that they both try to point out that our increasing trend toward individual freedom, coupled with our materialistic attitudes and increasing lack of morality, are leading us down a path to a “Brave New World,” or a 1984 scenario. Of course, the feelies will most likely not become a part of our reality, and Thoughtcrime and memory holes are equally as unlikely. What is likely, however, is a new generation whose thought patterns could be very similar to that of Huxley’s Alphas: “Ending is better than mending.”The one question that remains unanswered in either of the two novels is whether it is worth trying to mend our rapidly conforming society, or to simply end all attempts at revealing the hideous face of ignorance that encumbers so many people today. Perhaps, as Orwell’s Inner Party slogan claims, ignorance really is strength, and those that believe themselves to be free truly are. However, as Huxley and Orwell agree, the “strength” of ignorance can never be compared to the power of truth.This is a novel that should be required reading in school. Everyone can benefit from Orwell's brilliant work, and every reader's life will be changed because of it."
"1984 is a study of the human psyche, both at individual and group level. Written in the setting of a Nazi and Communist style dictatorship, the book examines the struggle between the individual and the masses as well as providing a brutally frank answer to the question of why does history repeat itself. Orwell's profound insight takes the reader on a rewarding journey of discovery. But let the reader beware: once you read 1984 and comprehend its message, there is no going back. This book is not for the squeamish."
"The protagonist Winston Smith works as a minor member of the ruling Party in London, under the leadership of ubiquitous Big Brother, who has never been seen except on telescreens and posters which are hanging everywhere. The posters keep reminding him that �Big Brother is watching you�and by means of telescreens he is indeed observed day and night.The Party disapproves of art, of sex and of any kind of spriritual activity.In these conditions it is quite impossible for the individual to lead an authentic life and to express emotions except those in the daily recurring procedure of the Two Minutes Hate.Every Party member knows the worst crime to be commited is �Thoughtcrime� which means to be affected by wicked thougts against the totalitarian regime of the Party.Winston is bothered with dreams and memories of past times and provoked by secret glancesfrom  O�Brien, a powerful member of the InnerParty.Winston meets Julia, a dark haired rebelling Party member.They begin a love affair in a private room and both agree that love like theirs will destroy the Party.Later on, Winston receives a message from O�Brien to join O�Briens secret group, the brotherhood, whose obeject is also to overthrow the Party.After reading a frobidden book written by Goldstein, the enemy of the Party which  contains the philosophy and the ultimate goal of the Party, Winston is convinced that the hope of the future lies in the proles.His world collapses when the Police crashes into the room.He is held prisoner and tortured in the Ministry of Love, where O�Brien spends months trying to brainwash him.At the end Winston�s spirit is broken�..I enjoyed reading the book�it informs much about the conditions people had to live under in totalitarian regimes..for example in Nazi Germany  or Stalinist Russia.The novel also reveals the cruel, inhuman and merciless methods used by the Communists in  the endless tortues of brainwashing�"
1984 is a  great read but not a compelling one. It can be a little hard going at times. The characters are a little frustrating thus making it a little annoying to read. Still it is a great classic and well worth persuing to the end.
1984 is a  great read but not a compelling one. It can be a little hard going at times. The characters are a little frustrating thus making it a little annoying to read. Still it is a great classic and well worth persuing to the end.
"In today's technologically oriented world, people still seem shocked when movies come out that portray governmental security that seemingly invades on the public's privacy, which makes George Orwell's 1984 even more of a masterpiece.  This thought-provoking novel, written in 1949, well before computers, surveillance cameras and hidden microphones, depicts a world in which the government controls everything, knows everything and has no feasible opposition. Winston Smith, our connection to Airstrip One, lives under the oppressive leader Big Brother.  Big Brother has set up an undefeatable party that monitors its citizens with telescreens, Thought Police, Newspeak, and Doublethink.  Newspeak is a language that the party has created, eliminating all words that might bringnegative feelings toward the party, and doublethink is the party's control over its citizens' minds that makes them believe anything (ex: 2 + 2 = 5).  Winston strives toward defeating the party, but is constantly met with another layer of Big Brother control.  Orwell constructed the book to have a gloomy feel over it, one that creates ""negative utopia"" for which it is famous.  The reader will never get fully emotionally involved with any characters, yet will be engrossed in the plot.  This book is one that leaves readers thinking 'What If?' days later, and exercises the mind in the meantime.  Orwell crafted the book precisely, evoking certain feelings and certain times, which I think makes this book a must-read for anyone interested in expanding their imagination while reading a classic.  But remember, once you pick this book up, don't stop before the end.  Big Brother might be watching, and youcertainly don't want to be on his bad side."
"Read this book! It's not only at once convincing and absorbing, but its also a reflection and an analogy to many things are in our society today. The novel it's hunting not only in the sense that the regime described could become reality (although it seems it would work I refuse to believe it) but because we can see a lot of it taking place today; in a much lessen degree off course. Things such as the lack of reasoning of the majority of people; the destruction of language by slang and the lack of reading; the dictatorship of ideas, dogmas and parameters of life by the ""telescreen"" (TV); the absent-mind of the people, where everyone is too absorbed in their day-to-day activities to know any better...The novel is also a lot of fun because we can virtually immerse ourselves in it, seeing it all to the least detail, to such an extent that we can breath the air, and feel in our skin even things that are not explicitly described in the book. Orwell's power is truly amazing, and this novel should be read by everyone, either for entertainment or deeper thoughts (ideally both).  The only problem is you might have trouble sleeping at night, scared of having to wake up speaking ""Newspeak!"""
"How easily can humans be influenced and manipulated?This question has to be considered to decide whether the novel ""1984"" written by George Orwell in 1949 as a ""negative utopia"" is realistic or not.The protagonist Winston Smith lives in London, the capital of Oceania which is one of the three existing superstates. As an outer party member he is constantly controlled and observed by the ""English Socialist Party"" (Ingsoc) and its imaginary leader, Big Brother. The country is always in the state of war with some other state to prevent an increase in the living standards to keep the power over the population.The plot of the novel is divided into three parts that reflect Winston's development in the totalitarian system that requires full orthodoxy. In part 1 he secretly starts to rebel against the horrible circumstances, the emptiness and loneliness of his life while he works in the Propaganda Ministry of the state. The second part describes Winston's relationship to Julia, an uncomplicated, optimistic woman. When the two are arrested because of unorthodoxy and so-called ""thoughtcrime"" Winston is tortured and brainwashed in part 3.The novel describes the experiences and reactions to a cruel suppression of individuality. The continuous control body and mind (emotions and thoughts) by the Thought Police and the punishment Winston is afraid of, force him to look expressionless to the telescreens while his doubts and emotions whelm up inside him. He tries to express himself in a diary (thoughtcrime) though his feelings are manipulated by indoctrination to hatred towards a virtual enemy. In his work Winston has to manipulate himself: he has to alter the past by rectifying newspaper articles the party needs to prove their correctness. One has to learn to believe in two contradictory aspects simultaneously (doublethink). In his love affair with Julia Winston experiences peace and trust, but, at the same time, he knows the cruel end that must come. As expected, the two are discovered after Winston tired to understand the sense and intention of Ingsoc. In his torture, that is carried out by O'Brien who has a sort of father role, Winston has to learn that nothing exists than through human consciousness, that truth is what the party claims to be true and that the individual is only a biological cell. Winston finally accepts what is required after he has given up his hope and starts to love Big Brother in the belief that it is an authentic feeling.You see in part 1 a common manipulation of the party members through the everyday recurring ""Two-Minutes-Hate"" and information given on the telescreen. After Winston' s search for his authentic feelings in part 2 he is individually manipulated by O'Brien the way of brainwashing ""to make him sane"".As the story is conveyed through Winston' s perception and written in an eloquent style, you can be easily involved, so while reading you get almost always the same opinion as Winston even if they are sometimes contradictory. When finally the party uses Winston' s counter-strategies against himself I got confused what happened to ""me"".The manipulation of emotions and thoughts is quite obvious in the novel. Even the reader can be partly manipulated by the imaginative and convincing expression.In our time the technical methods to manipulate are numerous. For example in the advertising. But I think, because of Orwell's intention to make ways of influence obvious we shall be critical to search for our own thoughts and authentic feelings.This is what I think we can learn out of this novel."
1984 is a classic and rightfully so! It does not matter that the year has come and passed without such a world but there are subtelties that resemble such a world. In the wake of recent events the atmosphere (in the U.S.) is begining to strikingly resemble some of the aspects of Orwell's nightmarish world.
"I read this book in High School and once more since then. Ive also seen the movie which is very well done, almost exactly like the book....  Everyone here says its prophetic and that it is still in the future...is it? or has 1984 been with us well before the actual 1984? Anyways when I read it in High School I got most of it, but some of it went over my head...untill I entered the working world/college and the ranks or society with all the expectations that go along with these situations and experiences....Now it mirrors everyday life....I already distrust the government and most authority figures, religious and non religious. I dont believe in their wars...even after the WTC attacks...and I really dont believe in thier advertising and or media.....If you want a book that will change your outlook and open your eyes and show you the truth of the present and past plus a warning about the possibilities of a future traveling the wrong path...read this! not because I told you to...but because you need to know :)"
"There are things .which can be felt but can`t be explained . This book is one of them . If you haven`t read it yet , read it and if you`ve read it , read it once again and then one more time , one more time . Then you`ll see that Orwell`s prediction is everywhere in our lives . i HOPE you`ll see it and if you see it once , you won`t be able to throw it away from your mind !if you`re brave enough , read it and CHANGE it .PS: big brother was everything in the book . There wouldn`t be anything without him . Like the God in our lives . We want to play ""the god"" and ""big brother"" (the society) so we create games from book ..I think this book has more things than orwell wanted to say .."
"To sum it up, this book scared me to death.  No, there are no monsters, serial killers, or anything else like that. 1984 is about an extreme communist society and how one man tries to break free from it. The book may seem like a bit of a love story, but that's not the point. The frightening thing about this book is that our hero fails. With most books, the hero is triumphant at the end, or at least there is a glimmer of hope. Not with this book. Our hero, Winston, falls in love with Julia and together they want to break free from the hell they live in. But they are caught, tortured, and eventually betray each other. Since they have betrayed each other (something they thought they would never do), they no longer love each other. The idea that a society can make you stop loving somebody and change who you are in a realistic manner is frightening. This book had me paranoid for about a week. Even still, not all lessons are happy and this book is well worth the paranoia you might feel because of the lesson it gives you. Although this book was written in the 1940's, it is still hauntingly relevant today."
"1984 is a lovely book.  In it we find bland descriptions choreographed with a rhythmic, powerful force of language and an internalized graphic depiction of a mind on the brink of rebellion.It is false to claim that this is a 'probable future', as many of the issues and threats of the time of the prophecy have come and gone and been resolved by the evolution of society.  But the meaning is lasting, regardless of your meaning of oppression.There tends to come a time in life when everyone feels oppressed, trapped by the state of the world and angered over their perceived restrictions.  In the case of this novel the specifics of the dictatorship are agonizingly detailed, the interest maintained by Orewell's natural story-telling abilities and spectacular wit.  But the meaning is meant to go deeper, filtering away the extremist exaggeration of the satirist and searching for clues in the muck of human nature.These issues are timeless and therefore the threat of 1984 will never likely go away.  There will always be either a real or perceived oppressor and there will always be a basic human instinct to rebell.  Nowhere is this principle more lucidly articulated than in 1984."
"As an American, I enjoy freedoms that are alien to the majority of the world. If this had any effect on my life, it made me appreciate where and how I live my life. The book itself was very well written and entertaining. The beginning of the book was depressing to the point where I didn't want to read it, but as I progressed, I started to enjoy it. It was very difficult to emphasize with Winston because I cannot imagine the world he lives in. As I reflect on the book as a whole, I realize that it was more than worth my time to read. Every person who reads this book gets something different out of it, but I can guarentee if you read with interest you will get something out of it."
"Even if some people disagree with me, I will say this is one of the best books you can read. Everyone must read this book, it has the power to change your beliefs about the world.1984 goes deep to show you what the world COULD be like if a ruling party did all the right things to gain complete control over the populace. Your daily life monitored continuously, no rights to show individuality or freedom of speech, and constant fear of being whiped clean off the world if you did anything not in accordance with the Party, also known as Big Brother.I sure hope something like this doesn't happen to us any time soon, not until I build my rocket ship to go to Mars and live in a cave.I would certainly recommend this book to you, for only 300 pages it is some good reading."
"I read George Orwell's classic 1984 in High School, as a summer reading project. I still have that dog-eared and worn book sitting somewhere in my library, and I refer to it or quote from it quite often. It is haunting and horrifying. I both love it and hate it; in many ways, I believe that is the reaction Orwell wanted a reader to have when he or she put down the book, having read those four, final words (for those who've read the book, and understand it, you know exactly what I mean). I remember asking a friend of mine in that high school what books she had read for the summer. 1984 was on her list as well, and she hated it: she claimed it was depressing, that it was too dark, too dismal. That she didn't think it could happen. To that idea, and to others who would argue the same thing, I say that it is SUPPOSED to be dark, and depressing, and dismal. It is supposed to horrify you, to grab you and tear you from one revelation to the next, and to finally make you realize, through the conversion of the most average man in the world (Winston Smith, the protaganist), that any person in the world can be made into a machine, and learn to love it.(...) One can walk away from this book with many different feelings on it: Orwell's predictions and fears leave a reader with so many ways of interpreting his prose. One can, and should, be horrified and sick to one's stomach at Smith's surrender to blissful ignorance. Personal freedom and thought, sex, love, honor, and hope are all crushed beneath a government that wants to reduce humanity to worker ants. The Party promises a future in the image of a boot stamping on a human face for all eternity. Reading this book, one immedietly begins to look upon the rest of the world, and begins to see how dangerously close to Orwell's fears humanity has come.Wonderfully written, with incredible complexity (he did, after all, make up his very own language--NEWSPEAK-- to prove his points), and full of imagery that only furthers the sense of hopelessness and hollowness that makes up the theme of the book, this book is simply incredible. Love it. Hate it. Fear it. Read it. It is, without question, one of the great classics of the 20th Century."
1984 is an awesome book! It changed my life. It will change yours.
"This is perhaps one of the most difficult, and chilling books I have ever read. This book throws you into a possible future where people are name-less, and privacy is non-existant (sounds familiar somehow...)If there is any book about utopia (or complete and utter oblivion in this case) you should read, it's this one. A classic, and a highly remarkable read. It is also a good idea to read ""A Brave New World"", that is, if you enjoy this book.All I've got to say is this is a book that will leave you thinking forever. After reading it I questioned everything from provacy in our computer age... to the meaning of life, and a host of things as well. In the end I was left with a rather profound feeling. All I can say is, read it, the rest is up to you..."
"All right, I don't see there is anything new I can add to the endless list of reviews written on this thrilling, wonderful book. So, I will just make an attempt at scribbling some of my impressions.Orwell builds a world where no single detail is left to randomness. From all the constructions the reader comes across in this book, the most astonishing ones are, (of course this is a personal view):The dynamics of time: More than what the author has created as future, what impresses me most is what he has created as past. To start with, the treatment of past throughout this book is from a philosophical and logical point of view simply overwhelming. The idea underlying the novel is that the past is in your hands, you can do whatever you wish with the past, which implies that no matter what course of actions you take, you can always modify what you've done so far without the necessity of traveling in time. There is no room for history or memories here. Your personal history is what you want it to be at the very moment you are thinking of it; this is: you have as many personal histories as you choose, which also means that you have none. Orwell has shaped a time machine that doesn't presuppose any physical change in space or time for the entire process takes place in the mind. This leaves the main character in a helpless situation since his quest, is the quest of past. He craves for learning something from a world he would have liked to live in, but that he only knows by intuition. As he experiences the feeling of being cheated he grows anguished: he wants his intuition to become certain. If it happens, he will recover his past, his own existence.Newspeak or the economics of language:  language is a human construction to help us naming the world we live in. Words are born to serve expressive necessities. In a similar fashion, they disappear when they no longer symbolize something we want to communicate.  In Orwell's world, on the contrary, language is a means to modify reality: when a word ceases to exist, the object it used to represent ceases to exist as well. Language is the tool used to shape the world as man wishes. It is not a means to express ideas. It is the idea itself, what has to fit words and not the other way around.  If something can't be named, it simply doesn't exist.  As Borges says: ""Words create past"". Then if words are suppressed, history is simply erased and becomes nothingness, creating a space that has to be refilled by something new.The logics of doublethink or the art of canceling opposites out. The ability to justify everything in an impeccable logical way.  (I wonder how many politicians today have taken hold of this ""technique"" to justify their actions even when they are aware of the contradictions they entail).Actually, there is a lot more to say, but I'll stop here. Just go and read it."
"1984 is frightening.  1984 is thought-provoking.  1984 is a literary masterpiece, warning society of a possible future that would more or less end meaning in life.  There's little more I can say.  Just read the book for yourself; it's what I call required reading."
"Pros: This book seemed to be a science-fiction book about the future, but in truth, it was a sci-fi symbolism of totalitarianism in Orwell's time. Yet, this book is so timely today! It reminded me of the way Bush and friends control our thoughts with smart words; GOOD Americans believe in the war and TRAITORS believe in other causes. We should always keep our own opinion and forget the always-swaying popular opinion. And that was just ONE of the many things I learned from this great book! I highly suggest this book.Cons: It was a bit repetitive and it's a very heavy read."
"A case can certainly be made that 1984 is the greatest novel ever written.  We know that the Modern Library infamously dubbed Ulysses the greatest novel of the last century even though most people find it completely unreadable.  Too many critics and members of the intelligentsia equate impenetrability with greatness, probably thinking that the greatest novels must be aimed only at the gifted few.1984 lacks snob appeal and it is shockingly readable.  I guess this is why it gets dissed with the #13 ranking on that list.  Of course, my own criteria are different.  In my opinion, the greatest novels should at the very least be great reads.  Nothing is more audacious or ambitious than setting out to write a page turner that happens to carry a thought-provoking and devastating message.  Or, put another way, what's the point of burying your message in a book that no one can read?  I've never read Ulysses, but I think I can say that 1984 is simply a better novel because part of what a novel must do is thread its message through a plot that the reader actually can and wants to follow.1984 is a thriller.  It is part sci-fi and part fantasy.  But of course its is meant to convey the feel of an actual political system that dominated half the globe at the time of its writing.  Unlike Animal Farm, which is kind of a roman a clef of the Russian Revolution, the events and characters of 1984 are not meant to correspond directly to events and persons in the Soviet Union in the late 40's.  Big Brother is, of course, Stalin.  But that comparison is easier to make in retrospect since no Soviet leader was nearly as Big Brother-like as Stalin.  But I imagine that Big Brother is meant to evoke any totalitarian leader rather than a particular one.  The fact that 1984 does not simply follow history is a major strength since it allows Orwell's imagination to run wild.As you read 1984, you experience the oppression that a citizen in a totalitarian state must feel every day.  Orwell conveys  many of the brutal tactics of such a state: the neverending assault of propaganda, the isolation of individuals, the destruction of truth and memory.  And all in service of a great plot.Perhaps the reason that a book like Ulysses outranks 1984 is that 1984 is ultimately not about a big enough subject.  Ulysses after all is about ""consciousness,"" or something like that.  While 1984 is a perfect evocation of the central political story of the 20th Century, maybe that's just not ambitious enough.  But I submit that 1984 is about something much larger.  It is about the power of language and the power to control others through language.  Central to the plot, of course, is the regime's creation of newspeak and the goal of constantly reducing the number of words available to the citizenry.  Simply, the book equates words with freedom, which is a pretty big idea.Anyhow, when I first read 1984, I thought there were two flaws: First, I thought that the ""reprinting"" of Emmanuel Goldberg's manuscript was unecessary since it was really just a rehash of things Winston already knew and which were already confirmed to the reader.  That part slows the pace of the novel.  I still think that's a flaw.  The other problem I had was that Orwell ultimately abandons the pitch-black humor that he injects throughout the first two thirds of the book.  I no longer have a problem with that.  Simply you can't have your cake and eat it.  The ending is what it is and it works.Another interesting thought about the ending is this.  In retrospect we know the actual fate of the Soviet Union.  We know that if a totalitarian system develops a few cracks it must ultimately collapse.  But in 1949, the Soviet Union probably looked as impregnable and invincible as Oceania.  Which would make this book that much more chilling if read when it first came out.Finally, I'm not sure if 1984 is the greatest novel of all time.  It may not even be my favorite.  But certainly a case can be made for putting it at the top of the all-time list."
"This was an important book when it was written, and amazingly it is still very relevant today.  When it was written, the world was facing the threat of global communism.  Wells does an excellent job of attacking the flaws of communism while also focusing on the ways it would be expanded in the future.  When you look at the technology we have now, you realize that this book was somewhat prophetic.This book was certainly not a call to action against communism however.  It was more the product of frustration and hopelessness, and a warning to the reader.  As such, the book is pretty depressing.  The characters are trapped in their world and completely unable to change anything about it.  Even when it looks like there may be hope, it is soon crushed by Big Brother.  I don't want to ruin the book for anyone who is thinking of buying it, so I'll say no more.  This is a great read for anyone who needs a reminder of how important and delicate our freedoms are."
"i suggest that everyone read this book, if you really want to see what life is going to be like in the near future....this book is a great fortune teller. its ideas of dictatorship and totaltarianism were well ahead of his (george orwell) time. he deserves to have a statue of himself erected in every city in the world. if you dont read this fine work of literature you are seriously depriving yourself of an understanding of the world in a way you could otherwise not see.."
"Surely one among the few best social allegories ever written, together with Brave New World, Fahrenheit 451 and Catch 22, and the harshest and least humorous among them. Though inspired by the Soviet regime, the mechanisms described in the text are suitable for most democratic and non-democratic contemporary societies. More than a prophecy, the novel represents a study of current social dynamics.Pressure for acceptance, mandate for substantial submission in spite of retention of a viewable independence, stratification of people by means of limited privileges are the pillars over which any sufficiently complex group relies upon. The thread develops from the particular situation of the chief character, Winston Smith, depicted against the environment created by the Party to his final struggle and breakdown, when he is forced to turn personal feelings from another person towards the Party, because ""there is no love, except love of Big Brother, there is no loyalty, except loyalty towards the Party"". Even if the description of interrogatories and tortures is quite detailed and has been sternly represented in some film scenes, I have found two other issues as the most shocking in the novel: the speech of O'Brien (Smith's inquirer), in which he lines out the three stages, ""learning, understanding and acceptance"", that Winston is going to pass in order to cure his ""mental derange and defective memory"", and the picture of the fade remembrances of Winston's childhood, writing out the merciless way of how selfish a child could be, attached to Winston as an eternal sense of guilt, and which builds a parallel layer, more intimate and personal, about the subject of retaining memory of past events. Maybe Orwell has been too optimistic, because nowadays, as a consequence of media development, learning and understanding are no longer required: it is possible to obtain a direct acceptance."
"It's hard to describe what I personally consider the best book ever written. This masterpiece novel works on so many levels, that I guess every reader would find something else in it. For me it deals with the basic and most important issues in life, society, government, wars, religion, education, brain-wash, the place of the individual, the hardship of being alone (physically and mentally), the concept of holding two contradictious thoughts at the same time, the position of the individual in history, the nothingness of being human, love, family, loyalty and betrayal, the instinct of any animal in nature to survive, and so much, much more. I read the book at least 5 times already, and find myself doing it every year or two.I'd also recommend everyone to watch the excellent movie adaption made in the year in question, starring John Hurt and Richard Burton, which I think is one of the best book adaptions made for cinema. While it can't contain all the levels and issues presented in the original book, it adds images and voices and makes the reading of the book extremely realistic."
"a wonderful novel, makes you feel more secure and also more independent in this world.one of my favorite novels.  definitely in my top ten of books I have read, I never get sick of it.a must have for any library.-winston"
"Written in the late forties, Orwell's 1984 is clearly a product of its time; a time when the advent and eventual use of the atom bomb threatened the end of civilization. I admire Orwell for the amount of thought and imagination he must have put into the development of this book. It is an example of how a powerful imagination can teeter between extremes of pure optimism and, in this case, paranoia. In 1984, Orwell's vision of the future is grim: war is constant; freedom, as we know it, is an ancient and outdated concept; and love, for anything but government, is perverse. Winston, the book's protagonist, struggles with a lost sense of self and his fear of a government (the Party) that punishes the pursuit of individual fulfillment. Most disturbing is that, in the end, rather than die as a martyr, he embraces his oppressive government fully aware his capitulation will precipitate his own death.Orwell's commentary on the evolution of totalitarianism is profound. Orwell asserts that post-Neolithic governments, with the benefit of written history, were, over time, able to reduce the threat of overthrow using lessons learned by fallen predecessors. Orwell argues that throughout history people have been divided among high, middle and lower classes; and that, with the advancement of successive governments, the intent of the higher class to maintain power over the lower classes has become less explicit. This has left the lower classes less inclined to revolt. In 1984, the proletariat is under the illusion that their government represents their interest. The Party fosters this illusion, in part, by constantly ""updating"" any record of the past. As a result, people are unaware of  how terrible their lives are relative to the lives of those who lived before them.Newspeak, the language created by the ruling party in 1984, is amazingly detailed and seems feasible. It is based on the English language, and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year. An appendix, included in the book, enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language, and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it.Orwell's prose is not noticeably good or bad. The book's strength is in its power to make people think."
"I've recently finished reading Nineteen Eighty-Four, and it has to be one of the best books I've ever read. It's about the life of Winston Smith, who lives in a alternate future, where the world is ruled by power-hungry socialists who control every aspect of people's lives, right down to their very thoughts. Winston believes that he remembers a happier time before the revolution, when people were free, wars could be won, and laws dictated governments. He decides to rebel against the system, despite the threat of being killed, by starting a journal. This is definitely one of the best books I've ever read. It offers insights not only into the possibility of a horrible future, but also into a confusing present. An example of this is how the book introduces the idea of ""doublethink,"" a practice where a person holds two contradictory beliefs at once, and can still believe both. Orwell leads us to believe that this is but an evil communist idea, but in fact, he is satirizing the propaganda of our own ""free world."" All in all, I immensely enjoyed what is undoubtedly the author's biggest masterpiece, and would instantly recommend it to just about anyone."
"This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch.  With his descriptive depiction of the future, Orwell really puts the fear into the reader's heart.  With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime, Orwell's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s.  The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today.  With America's War on Terrorism, the Bush Administration has started restricting American's basic civil liberties, such as a right to trial.  This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell.  Still if this book has one message, it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish, not taken for granted.  This book is a crystal ball into our country's future and deserves to be read."
"This book, which was George Orwell's basic predicitions for what to come can have many different meanings. It all depends on you, the reader. Not only does it make you wonder if your trapped, or in a totaltarism kind of the world, but it then makes you think your glad your not. (or are we?) I'm only a teenager, but I have a tendency to question authority. This is one of the best books I have ever read. 1984 is filled with intellectual thoughts and ideas. Youi will definitly NOT regret reading this book."
"Why are you even spending time to read reviews of this book. Any educated individual should read this masterpiece. What a book, what an ending, what does our future really hold?"
"Many have heard allusions to Big Brother through television or movies.  Many have heard that they should read this book because it's a classic, or because of the amazing predictions from 1949 about life in the future.  Everyone should read this book.If you read it hoping to find action, or hoping to find a tie to the world as we know it, you most likely won't comprehend the actual meaning of the words.  You'll be most successful if you consider what we have today compared to what we had when Orwell wrote the book in 1949.  Think of how much the world has changed, and how far there is left to go.Read this book, and every chapter think of the relationship to everyday life.  This isn't a book that should be skimmed.  Think of the implications of Orwell's predictions.  Realize that it could happen.Is it a novel, or is it possible?  Are we starting to live in Orwell's world?"
"What simpleton compares ""1984"" to ""Brave New World?""New World is a simple morality tale about a world forced into conspicuous consumption. Yawn. 1984 is the frightening tale of a future gone awry, and a brutal government well aware of its intention to maintain power at all cost.We follow Winston, an editor with an odd job, rewriting history. Wiston is forced to ""double think"" his way through a life he knows is contrived to forever remain stagnant.As Winston ponders the present, the war weary remains of Oceania's capital, London, he is forced to deal with memories of a very different past - and he fails to reconcile the two.Orwell's eye is a magic thing. A reporter at heart, his eye for detail in fiction and reportage is awesome. While reading 1984, one feels Orwell IS Winston, in his head and in his world. With any imagination it becomes easy to allow 1984 to become real, and Winston's desperation your own.Orwell side steps silly sci-fi detail (that dopey Huxley embraces too readily. What is it with all the helicopters in ""Brave New World,"" anyway?)and creates a desperate world that, though written 50 years ago, seems perfectly plausible now.This chilling masterpiece is a must read for anyone who ponders the delicate balance of power and politics. More so, this dark tome considers the loss of individuality in an increasing global society. At first blush, it is easy to dismiss 1984 as completely off the mark, but after some consideration, one is forced to concede that maybe nothing here is really improbably.A must read."
"This is a spellbinding book. George Orwell has created in this book a society that could very well the most horrific situation any human being could ever find itself in.  I loved every aspect of the book: the plot, the characterizations, the future shock, the political and religious allegories and the appropriate bleakness and gloominess that eventually wears you down towards absolute fear of the future.Though I loved the relationship between Winston Smith and O'Brien and their encounters in Part III of the novel, it was the affair of Winston and Julia that was central to the novel.  With these two characters, Orwell gave us two completely identifiable and realistic characters that we like immediately.  It was as though the two of them were thrown into a maze of oppression and tried to free themselves, just like any of us today would do.  It is here that Orwell gives us the sense of hope that all humans have that good will of course triumph over evil and freedom will come from their slavery. Though it is obvious that they probably won't be succesful in their rebellion of Big Brother, we admire them for being human: to fall in love and to be distinct humans and to have regular thoughts, feelings and memories. In the end, when they are captured by the thought police, seperated, tortured like animals, brainwashed and released back into the collective, it is all the more heartbreaking that they, like human nature, has fallen prey to them enemy: communism. Their final meeting at the end is more heartbreaking in how they know they betrayed each other and have been conformed, resulting in the loss of their love for each other.  I don't believe that this was a love story but I thought this relationship served as the means by which the reader would identify their rebellion of the Party and their failure.To those who felt cheated by this ending, it would have underminded and ruined every theme that Orwell made throughout the book about totaltarianism: a man cannot break free of the state and overcome it if the state can succeed in taking away his individuality and place the state within him. To give the book a pleasing ending would take away the message that communism should be feared; for if Winston could beat the Party, everyone after him can as well. To give him that victory would cheat the audience more.Above all, 1984 succeeds in how it will always be relevant in todays society. The U.S. now wants to monitor all activity over the mail and internet for security reasons because of Sept. 11. We are at the starting point of a war which may conduct itself over a long period of time. Security cameras are stationed at every corner in downtown london to monitor the activity of the citizens. We have experienced the serious threats and wide spread fears and panics of communism of the 1950s and 1960s and a cold war between captialism and communism which was very close to being an Orwellian Revolution of sorts.  It is a great book in not only being entertaining but being insightful. It surpasses horrific masterpiece, it is a warning."
"What simpleton compares ""1984"" to ""Brave New World?""New World is a simple morality tale about a world forced into conspicuous consumption.  Yawn.  1984 is the frightening tale of a future gone awry, and a brutal government well aware of its intention to maintain power at all cost.We follow Winston, an editor with an odd job, rewriting history.  Wiston is forced to ""double think"" his way through a life he knows is contrived to forever remain stagnant.As Winston ponders the present, the war weary remains of Oceania's capital, London, he is forced to deal with memories of a very different past - and he fails to reconcile the two.Orwell's eye is a magic thing.  A reporter at heart, his eye for detail in fiction and reportage is awesome.  While reading 1984, one feels Orwell IS Winston, in his head and in his world.  With any imagination it becomes easy to allow 1984 to become real, and Winston's desperation your own.Orwell side steps silly sci-fi detail (that dopey Huxley embraces too readily.  What is it with all the helicopters in ""Brave New World,"" anyway?)and creates a desperate world that, though written 50 years ago, seems perfectly plausible now.This chilling masterpiece is a must read for anyone who ponders the delicate balance of power and politics.  More so, this dark tome considers the loss of individuality in an increasing global society.  At first blush, it is easy to dismiss 1984 as completely off the mark, but after some consideration, one is forced to concede that maybe nothing here is really improbably.A must read."
"1984 by George Orwell is the frightening classic about the loss of freedom of thought in a totalitarian society. Judging from the luminous exposition of the world of 1984's structure, found in latter bit of part 2, Orwell scholarlily traced the history of organized society to date and decided upon a strictly terrifying and inhumane future. The author's vision of 1984 (conceived in 1949) is a cold, shocking and quite believable one. The Americas and England are united under the banter of Oceania. Big Brother is the godlike icon that leads Oceania. The Party is its governmental body.  Anything the party says, any moral it promotes, any record of the past (including who has died or who has ever been born) it keeps is correct. One is monitored by the Party at all times and should not find that uncomfortable. If one shows any sign of unorthodoxy, anything but love and obedience to Big Brother and the Party, he or she must doublethink it, let it submerge into the unconscious and be replaced by more appropriate feelings or else he or she has committed thoughtcrime. With the almost omnipotent Party's stringent regulation of thoughts, 1984's protagonist, Winston Smith, feels like a dead man before the narration even begins. Orwell takes readers along Smith's gloomy, hopeless path of deviation, from scribbling of ""Down with Big Brother"" in a furtive diary to his falling in love with the spirited, young rebel, Julia to his active mutiny to finally his inevitable detainment and terrifying rehabilitation, a process which takes readers to the black heart of the Party. Not only is 1984 a well paced, masterfully executed narrative, the concepts and principles it explores are awfully universal and still utterly relevant. One could apply Orwell's hypothesis's to both the adulation of figures from the American Revolution and how unquestionable we consider their policies and current events in the U.S. as explained by the exceptional review posted by Jim Brett on October third. 1984 is more than just a superb novel. It is a warning."
"This novel was what first got me into Orwell. It is a frightening cautionary tale of what life could be like under a ruthless and nearly invincible totalitarian government. Those who enjoyed this will probably also enjoy ""Brave New World"" and ""Farenheit 451."""
"was Animal Farm predicting that pigs would walk in the future? NOI say this after hearing other peoples reviews, summaries and opinions of 1984. One should not look at 1984 as a prediction of the future, because it was not truly meant as such. George wrote this as a attack on the dictatorships of the USSR and Spain. It is a satirical work, and a brilliant one at that. However , because it is written so well, it takes on a somewhat timeless quality.This may be why so many people mistake the novel. Those foolish proles. tisk tisk tisk."
I think 1984 is not very interesting.  The words are difficult.  I had no clue what was really going on. It would be less boring if it was shorter and broken down so it would be easier to understand.  You might like this book if you are interested in predicting the future and you can read lots of difficult words and know what they mean. Keep your dictionary close!
"Orwell's vision of the future is well done, but is becoming more obsolete than its predecessor, Brave New World by Aldous Huxley.  1984 is more based on communism, whereas Brave New World is more focused on the future of Western industrialism.  Brave New World is even more in focus because its use of changing the genetics of humans, which we are more likely capable of now doing after the cloning of the sheep, Dolly.  Orwll's version is great, I recommend you read this, but if you read this, you should also read Brave New World by Aldous Huxley."
"Orwell's 1984 is a fascinating account of Winston Smith and his world. This world is ruled by a collective oligarchy with ""Big Brother"" in charge of everyone. And yes, Big Brother is watching over everyone through the use of telescreens, which can be found everywhere in Oceania, his country. Winston works for the Ministry of Truth, where he changes the past to correlate with the future. While working there, he meets a coworker named Julia who has similar beliefs. They meet several times for love which builds the story into the climax.The theme of this book relates to the effects of negative Utopia. It refers to the total opposite of Utopia, which is defined as ""an imaginary place considered to be perfect or ideal"". Hardly anything is perfect or ideal for the characters in this book. Big Brother promotes this idea as it makes society as efficient as possible. The national slogan ""WAR IS PEACE, FREEDOM IS SLAVERY, IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH"" will certainly make any reader believe that Winston Smith is in a negative Utopian society. Orwell certainly makes a dramatic nightmare of what society may become.There are few characters that operate as individuals in this collective society. There is a deep relationship between Winston and Julia, as they become rather involved, and consequences later result.This book was quite different than anything else I have ever read. I have never thought how much a government could control a society, but this book shows how easily a totalitarian government can take over. It makes me wonder if our government today is spying, as there is certainly the technology to do it. I wouldn't want to have telescreens dangling from every wall watching me no matter where I go! George Orwell has created a masterpiece and an excellent example of science fiction. Through reading this novel, I realized how many famous things about the proles and Big Brother have resulted from the context of this novel.This mesmerizing novel tells how Big Brother takes over Winston and all the other residents of Oceania through telescreens, Newspeak, the Party, and hate. Big Brother and his Party are controlling all aspects of life that are sometimes taken for granted. They control people's destiny, your occupations, dress, social status, meals, residence, family, and their minds. Thank goodness the year 2001 in America (or anywhere in the world for that matter) is not like the year 1984 in Oceania."
"The book takes the manifestation of totalitarianism to the worst imaginable degree.  George Orwell described a world where people are constantly under surveillance by its totalitarian government.  By employing two-way televisions and police in civilian clothes, the government monitors people's behavior, deed, and most frighteningly - their minds.  No individualism is permitted, and anyone who remotely opposes the government will somehow be caught and completely distroyed.The idea of the book is as far-fetched as it is realistic.  That's what's so haunting about the book.  The described totalitarian practices may seem absolutely impossible, while when compared to the world we live in, we see more eerie resemblences than not.  Moreover, the writing itself was splendid.  The descriptions were so vivid that you literally feel yourself a persecuted citizen of the world described.On the negative end, perhaps in an effort to accentuate the point of atrocity of the negative utopia described, the author employed too much descriptions and time on the actual persecution process.  The descriptions were grotesque at some points that you really have to have the stomach for it.  My advice is, read it, but read it in small dosages.  I read the second half of the book in one day, and was gravely depressed for three hours after I finished."
"Growing up, I didn't read many books purely out of interest (most were school-assigned), but 1984 is one of the first I ever chose to read.  I could not put it down.  So much more than a fantasy or a sci-fi tale, it is so real.  It says the ironic truths that governments throughout history were afraid to admit.  Containing a language within a language (Newspeak) and a book within a book (Goldstein's book), I can't possibly regard anyone as being a literary genius above Orwell.  He plays with readers' minds, turns truths inside out, and turns paradoxes into perfect sense like no one else.  Reading this book will make you a lot less naive about the world.  After reading 1984 and Animal Farm, I will surely read everything else Orwell has written too."
"What an amazing book.  It is much better book than both We and Brave New World.  Besides, Emanuel Goldstein is the greatest!!!!"
"Just as Edmund Burke, during the French Revolution, predicted the subsequent horrors of Robespierre's Reign of Terror, so did George Orwell brilliantly foreshadow the nightmarish life that was ubiquitous under the rule of 20th Century totalitarian states.  In 1984, the main character, Winston Smith, struggles to gain personal freedom of mind under the Big Brother government that has taken over London, England and the rest of Europe.  The constant chatter of the ""telescreens"" (written before the days of TV) and other mediums of propaganda are virtually inescapable in this frightening world.  Orwell's monotone (but vivid) narrative demonstrates his genius because it makes the scene so much scarier, yet all the more realistic to the reader as well.  The novel races up to the climax, before its conclusion with an ending (and final line) that is among the most famous of any from the 20th Century.  If you've never read 1984 and only heard it referenced, you need to read it because you may be surprised to see how similar its terms are to life in the modern, ""free"" world.  At the same time, you will see why it is ranked among 20th Century classics as well."
"I believe that everyone should read this book.  While being fiction most of the book is a political satire.  The most similar book that I have read to it is actually Jihad Vs. McWorld.  It is the first fiction book I have read that valued the importance of language and the ""Love impulse"".  This is seen even today in advertisements.  The importance of the name Big Brother is that it is sononomus with the Christian Father and Son figure although not implicitly stated.  Newspeak also culminates the impulse.  In 1984 the characters follow the teachings of IngSoc, which by looking at it seems harmless but it a abreviation of English Socialism that can hold connotation's in peoples mind.  The same techniques are used in modern government and consumerism.  The story is also compelling, and shows both a triumph and a failure of love under certains circumstances."
"1984,by Georgee Orwell,is not fun to eat although cheese is. The book itself is uninterestring and the text is plain like water.  Some parts of the book are ok but the rest is lame. The things it talks about can be related to the events that are going on today and events that have happened.  It shows how totalitarianism works and how it feels to always be watched. So in some sense it is educational but I would certainly not choose this book to read if i wasn't forced like in this situation. All of my friends that read this book said the same thing, ""Boring!"" Students that are into more action and adventure will not enjoy this book."
"1984 was a phenomenal book.  Few books I've read have caused me to think so closely about societal issues, the government, and human instinct.  The book proposed a sociey in which the government has complete and utter control over every action and thought that it's citizens experience. I don't usually enjoy books that have a science fiction basis, however, 1984 truly captivated my attention, and I found myself reluctant to put it down.  It relays the story of a man, Winston, who wishes to change a society where all oposition to the government is dealt with swiftly and severely, usually by death.  He joins forces with Julia, a strong willed woman, who also acts as his love interest.  Together, they attempt to get in touch with the Brotherhood, an anti-Big Brother agency, in hope that one day Big Brother will be overthrown.  The twists and turns that the book contains are exquisite and they culminate into one superb ending.  The book is at times somewhat dry, but none the less, I would highly recommend it to anyone who is ready to read a thought-provoking piece of outstanding literature."
"Few books I have read have captivated me as much as 1984 did. In the two days I read it I actually stayed up near midnight and it took me all the willpower I had to put it down and finally go to sleep. I would highly recommend this book to any reader and personally consider it one of the greatest political statements agains communism ever written.George Orwell's grim tale begins after a future government's attempt to create a utopia goes awry. We start the story as it pertains to Winston Smith, a man who works in The Ministry of Truth, which, despite it's misleading names, works on the 'correction' of 'false' records. Despite his desires to fit in, Winston is at risk merely because he can remember what life was like before 'Big Brother'. He knows that much of the party's propogands is fluid fiction; he realizes that the party controls individuals by brainwashing them with lies and alienating them from each other.Winston soon begins having a love affair with a woman named Julia. In their hatred of Big Brother, they both decide to join an underground resistance call the Brotherhood. However, the organization is not quite as Winston had conceived, and he and Julia realize just how hard it is to resist Big Brother and the Thought Police."
"A review of this book seems totally unnecessary, but why not? Of course, it is wonderful, and seems more relevant with each passing year. I prefer some of Orwell's earlier works though, and suprisingly, ""Burmese Tales"" is my favorite, because it reveals Orwell's personality better than books like 1984."
1984 was a desent book. The caution of not ever letting a Totalitarianist government come to power was the over arching theme of the book. There were several thought provoking passages that made me think about the world in a new way. However the plot and charcters seemed dull and uninteresting to me. This isn't a book I would recomend to anyone who wants a casual book to read but if you want a book that will make you think a little than this is a good book to choose.
"1984 over all is a very boring book. Their are parts in the book that catch your attention but just for a while and then it just gets boring again. I don't really like futuristic based books and the book 1984 is a perfect example why. I wouldn't recommend this book to any one, unless your into this type of genre. I give this book 1*."
"I found 1984 to be an intriguing book.  The plot of the book was interesting.  How the author went about telling the story was too slow for me. I found it hard to pay attention while reading it. Throughout the entire book there were bits of intereseting parts followed by several paragraphs of, what i found to be, random information.  I though it was a great plot but the storyline wasn't to my liking."
"1984 by George Orwell is a story of a totalitarian government and a man living under its power. Winston, the main character, struggles to fight the ruling outer party, even though his works for them changing historical documents to fit the parties needs. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys conspiracy stories. The only negative thing I can say about this book is it becomes slow in some parts, but over all it is a great read."
"This particular piece of literature, entitled 1984 and written by Goerge Orwell, was 1980 boring. Being a seventeen year old teenager, with a mind of my own, made it extremely difficult to stay focused on something so morbid and [weak] as this so-called ""classic."" I can sum up my thoughts of this book using few words...Reading this book was like HELL! And for those of you who are more visual, it was like trying to keep a white T-shirt clean while eating spaghetti. This book just didn't grab my attention. I simply couldn't ""connect"" with the characters (Winston, Julia, Syme, O'Brien and Big Brother). To me, they were all just a bunch of names and not ""real"" people. Many sections in the book allowed me to connect the book and the real world toegether like abortion and how the government is slowly becoming more apart of everyone's daily life.BOTTOM LINE: From this collection of 245 pages, nothing tickled my fancy. The thought that a 40 foot tall pine tree was but down to print this accumulation of modern day gibberish is sad indeed!"
"1984 by George Orwell, is the most BORING book I ever read for school. To me the plot was not interesting, the characters were useless and the time period .... Although the idea of the government controling everything is scary and most likely true it just didn't have any emotions to make it good. For a book to be good it needs to have emotions, and this book lacked them, and there was also no dialouge which to me is important.KNOT"
"When I read this book at first it was very dense and a little complicated. But as I got farther into the book I realized I had actually started becoming part of the book. I realized that I knew what would happen before it happened. Oddly enough this mad the book even more interesting instead of boring.  As I finished the book I tried to do what I always do; look for what the author was trying to tell me. Now it's obvious that he was warning against the effect of communism. Yet he was also exposing a human need that most of us don't recognize. Orwell was trying to tell us that all of us have a deep need for something to be under. The Party in this book was looking for someone to have them under control and to tell them what to believe in. They were looking for something material to represent to them the power they believed in. An example of this in actual life would be when people look to the priest's to tell them how to live their lives instead of looking straight to God. The reason they do this is because they cannot see, hear, touch, taste, or smell God. So they take a human being and idolize them as if they were the only link they had towards God. This is the human need that Orwell was trying to relate to us."
"...you should read every 10 years of your lifeThe 1984 and Animal Farm are the best two books I've read recently...they consider totalitarism in the very readable language, and show the frightening future of the world (creating large blocks such as USA, Europe, USSR, and everlasting war between them). The 1984 also talks about basic principles of freedom (""It is freedom to say that 2+2 equal 4"") and involves some other thematics such as birth of love and feelings in general in totalitarism  which tends to be free of any kind of feelings.I fully recommend it to everyone!"
"I was forced to read this in school when I was younger and I didn't really ""get it"" nor was I even interested in ""getting it"".  I think if you are over 20, you want to re-read this classic novel.  It was much better, the second time around."
"This book offers very compehensive views for people who want to learn about how life inside the IronCurtain is like.  IMHO, it is so well written that reading it beats reading tons of magazne articles on this subject.  As a former citizen who lived in a communist country, I can testify that almost everything that Mr. Orwell wrote in his '1984' is truth to the point.  Reading this book brings back all those nightmares that I had experienced and witnessed there myself. The thing I really like about this book is that although it's a very detailed piece of work documenting on the evils of a communistic social system, but the large amount of information presented in it had not bogged down the pace of the book at all.  In fact, this book is a relative easy and fast paced read, thanks to the good writing skill of the author, the good structure of its presentation, and that sparkling but doomed romance that Orwell had geniously imcorporated into the story. All in all, this is a very worthy book for everyone to read about."
"The first half of this book was excellent with a sound plot and a great setting. However, the huge essay from ""The Book"" would have served better outside of the story, as a companion book. The ending itself was wishy-washy with the character become a Big Brother enthusiast in only a few pages. Although, I didn't like the end, I must say it was a lot better than many books in this ""future gone wrong"" genre."
"Bonnie Ryder  Mercy High School Students Mindy Sheehan  Humankind has not been deliberately questioning its government for the past seventeen years, or fifty- two years, but, however, since the beginning of time. 1984 by George Orwell simply expresses the fears and anxieties felt by all people towards their government. At all times, society must worry whether government is too large and controlling or too small and unproductive. In 1984, however, the government is extremely small in how many have power but extremely large and authoritarian in its pervasive domination while actively and purposely promoting unproductivity.  After reading this book together, my friend and I have a better understanding of how government can grow so large and bleed the soul out of a society. Yes, we can learn about factual historical events but by reading the extreme we have a better understanding of the norm. For instance, how much of today's media is censored and controlled? What information am I not getting? Fifty- two years ago when Orwell first published this book, the United States government had still not apologized for its treatment of Japanese Americans during WW II. It still denied that it had done anything wrong. Their actions were for the good of the country. The U.S.A. would never stoop to the same level as the Germans did with their interred (or would we). Orwell should have felt lucky to live in such an honorable time in history under the motherly wing of all- mighty protective, militaristic of the United States government. Even today history books very rarely even mention this portion of US history. All hail the mighty and glorious past, but do not forget; whoever controls the present controls the past, whoever controls the past controls the future. Again we ask, what of the past has been changed for us? What do we not know? Is Big Brother still watching?  1984 is appropriate for mature Juniors in high school and older. To read the book, one must have patience because most of it is a narrative. Despite the groaning, whining complaints which often accompany the news that a book is a narrative, the personal intimate thoughts are essential to the book. The reader must know how deeply the vein of ignorance runs. The reader must experience the complete metamorphosis which Winston, the main character, undertakes and his personal opinions about his surroundings. How much of our daily lives is spent thinking only to ourselves and analyzing personal thoughts and actions? Because Orwell wanted to create a realistic man, he needed to have intimate thoughts which the reader must understand in order to understand his actions. How many times do we wish that the world could just read our mind to understand us? The reader cannot be bored with the book if he reads every sentence with a grain of salt and tries to fully envelop himself into Orwell's world."
"I read this book in 8th grade.  It was fairly easy to read and was not too hard, but it was by far the most boring and pointless piece of literature that I have ever read in my 15 years of life. I MUCH would have rather read a Case Note!If you are considering purchasing this book, I thouroughly discourage it.  If you MUST read something by George Orwell, read Animal Farm.  It is a pretty good book..."
"1984: Been there, done that; Orwell has not.  I have always attempted novels that do not seem to be the most appealing, however, George Orwell's classic, was in short a disappointment.  The book was repetitive, slow moving, and did not hold my interest at all.  After finishing it, I was left with a feeling as though I had been ripped off.  The general plot was clever, but the lack of interesting characters and events left the novel fruitless and boring.  I tried to read the book as though it really was a prediction of the future, however, it was hard for me to understand how anyone could ever think the future would possibly be in such disarray.  1984 has the lay out of other Science Fiction novels including conformity, a heretic, and finally the heretic coming to terms with the conformity, but throughout the story, everything appeared fantastical and this made it hard to relate to.  In addiction, the contradictions throughout the novel were frustrating.  After the first three chapters I could only hope that Winston would be vaporized as soon as possible, rather I would have hoped to be vaporized as soon as possible.  However, Orwell manages to hold out two hundred and forty-five pages before allowing Winston to make any sense of his pointless existence.  The novel, in my opinion is a waste of energy, paper and ink.  I cannot honestly give this book any merit.  I would definitely NOT recommend it to any person with a sane mind."
"Not for the faint of heart, this book grips you and won't let go. Although written in the 40s (?), Orwell's message of the horrors of what might happen under a socialist government has not staled through the years. I had always heard the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you"", but never understood all that those simple words entailed until I cracked this one open for a read. What I found was an experience very hard to forget. The description of Winston's world is surprisingly vivid, and one can almost feel the ""telescreens"" silently watching your every move. The torture scenes and mind games the O'Brien brings along about a third of the way in are nothing if not chilling. And then there's the abrupt and haunting ending... I'm not ashamed to say that when I finished I hurled this book across the room in anger, much to the surprise of my family. A classic that I hope will stay on reading lists for years to come, this book should be required reading for all those who considered themselves ""educated"". Pick it up. You won't regret it."
"Orwell does something interesting with this book - more interesting even than Animal Farm, a truly wonderful allegory. While Animal Farm seems to do nothing more than colorfully reiterate history, 1984 provides some amazing thoughts on the nature of the nearly perfect totalitarian society (the exemplar form of such a society can be found in Huxley's Brave New World) and the people who control it.While the novel feels dated (the overalls, the proles, the characters), it doesn't hinder the book at all. Detailing an alternate society which began to back peddle after World War II, 1984 is meant to feel dated. With no advancements, an inhumane government, and persistent war, it is no wonder Oceania never pulled itself out of pre-war ideologies and modes. It is a poor representation of what we now think of as ""the future"": that shiny metallic world of Blade Runner or Star Wars (or Amazing Tales in Orwell's time). Orwell never meant to write a science fiction novel, but rather a warning in a world in which totalitarian states had yet to be squelched.The book progresses through four stages: first there is an introduction to Oceania and its ways of life, beginning just in the same way most science fiction book begins, with little plot development or action; next comes a long character study (I won't provide too many details) which steps away from the descriptions which make up the first stage; then Orwell gives us a nice solid plot which we believe will quickly take us to the end; and finally a finale which would have been difficult to top. The end is exciting, emotional, and thought-provoking, and ties up the earlier stages of the book nicely - something few books are capable of doing.Oh, and by the way: when reading this one, be sure to buy a cheap copy and to carry around a highlighter. This book is chocked full of great quotes (literally pages and pages). If you're interested in politics, government, and human nature, this very well may become your Bible. I didn't do this and I may just have to go over it one more time."
"I consider this one of the top 3 Dystopian works, along with Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 and Huxley's Brave New World. But I think this is the most philosophical - and the most grim - of the three.  All the ingredients are here -- we get the grim, joyless, totalitarian nation that is such a nightmare to the Western ideas of individuality and basic rights. Like in Fahrenheit, we get an obsessive control over language - though here it goes much farther, to the destruction of words. Like BNW, we get government controlled social structure and recreation time, even sexuality. Seems the main point of all of them is how shallow life can become if one obeys the authorities.  What's different here - and I hope I'm not giving too much away-is that the rebel doesn't win. That seriously disturbed me at first, but the more I think about it, the more I feel it makes this work stand above the others as a Dystopian picture and a call to fight Power in government and protect individualism and free thought. For if the rebel can beat the Man, then the Man's power is limited, and we need not worry too much about the Man - the rebel can always win, if he wants. But if Big Brother can become powerful enough that no rebel can survive, as is the case in 1984, then we must truly fear and fight the Man-now, before He has that kind of power.In the end, I think I find this Dystopian work more well thought out, more complete, and scarier than Brave New World of Fahrenheit 451. Yet it still remains incredibly readable, and a disturbingly good time."
"I was so lost when I first started reading this book. Orwell uses all these made-up words to describe ordinary things, and I couldn't remember them half the time.  The very beginning was weird, and I didn't really understand what was happening.  If we hadn't talked about it in my english class, I would still probably have no clue what it was about.  There's a lot of symbolism that's really easy to miss, so it'd probably be better to not attack this one on your own.  Wait until your class reads it, or your book club, or even just a few friends.  Just don't try to figure everything out by yourself.  If you do understand the book when you're done, you'll see that it was actually pretty interesting, and neat that Orwell, when he wrote it in 1948, actually had such advanced thoughts.  Some parts are a little violent, and I don't really think there would be a point for anyone who's not in high school or older to read this book."
"If you only read one more book, read George Orwell's ""1984.""Other reviewers including the ... reviewer, has captured the essence of this incredible, disturbing, poignant, an accurate view into the mind of the totalitarians - and yes, folks, they live among us even today.I'll only add this:  the ""book-within-a-book"" by Orwell's fictional author, Emmanual Goldstein, should be required study by every single high school and college student in the world.  Don't know what I'm talking about?  Read ""1984"" and look for Emmanual Goldstein within this book's pages.  Then ask yourself the questions you dared not ask yourself before.Then go read ""Brave New World"" and ""The Probability Broach.""  The first is a different, altogether more pleasant version of Hell.  The second holds out the real promise of freedom-loving people (""Broach"").  Then tell others what you have learned."
"When i first picked up a copy of this book, i thought it would be about new kids on the block or something else 80's. Little did i know i was about to read a literary classic. 1984 is an amazing book, and somewhat terrifying. Though some of the themes are a bit radical, i immediatly came to a realization that the world could be like it is written. The main charactor, Winstin, is a common man, who can easily be related to someone you know. The book depicts the horrid possibility of the world being ruled by communism, and big brother, and what happens to a man that is against it all. I definetly recommend this book!!"
"Once again, in my quest to expand my literary experience, I read '1984' because it is considered a classic. I've also been on a Utopia kick, reading books such as 'Brave New World,' 'Island,' and, of course, '1984'. In my opinion, it is a good story, but I am not very alarmed about Orwell's ominous predictions of the future. I mean...yes, the massive possibilities given us via the internet do seem to mirror those of the telescreen that always knows what Winston is doing, but I cannot forsee the decline of the human spirit. The book in itself begins interestingly enough, but by the middle, I was more interested in finding the switch to the reading light so I could drift off to sleep. There are about 20 pages that are very slow reading, but I was captivated by the last part (part 3). However, the ending left me with a very sour taste in my mouth, mainly because it is not the conclusion I would have picked; but that's kind of my point...I still have (<---if I could use italics...ooo) my opinion, and Orwell has his. I would read this book if you are interested in the Utopian works, but if you are looking for purely a good story, try Steinbeck."
"Not all doom and gloom from page 1, 1984 is still one of the most intense, dark and thought provoking books I have ever come across.  What makes it compelling is the way in which it not only examines the human condition but also bludgeons it to a bloody pulp.  So why have so many people enjoyed reading such a depressing story, ever since it's release in the late 1940's?  I believe it to be the manner in which the novel blurs your ""in-built"" judgement of what is right and wrong, good and evil, in respect to civil liberties and the power of governing authorities.  The way it inspires you to look behind the diplomacy and see the agenda.  And the way it forces you to examine your own rationale for your assumptions and actions.  The more I think about it, the more I like this novel and how it manages to look at the big picture and yet still remain personally affecting."
"George Orwell's ""1984,"" published in 1949, projects a parallel world 35 years into the future in which all nations have been combined into three major superpowers in an eternal state of unrest.  London still exists, but it is now a part of Oceania, governed by an entity called the Party, headed by a sovereign figure known only as Big Brother.  The Party's one goal is power -- power over everybody and everything in Oceania.  Surveillance is administered constantly; devices called telescreens are placed in people's homes to monitor thoughts and actions and broadcast Party propaganda continuously, with no way for the resident to turn his off or change the channel.  Free thinkers are not tolerated, and roving bands of ""Thought Police"" are sent to sniff out transgressors.  The Party is developing an official language called Newspeak, whose goal is to simplify language by eliminating as many extraneous words as possible and reducing vocabulary to a small number of basic words, thus narrowing the scope of thought.But there's always a rebel.  The protagonist is a man named Winston Smith who works at the Ministry of Truth as a sort of professional history revisionist.  His job is to revise newspaper articles and documents in which Big Brother made predictions or statements that did not agree with the actual outcome of events; in other words, to maintain the public illusion that the Party is infallible and omniscient.  Unhappy with his state of being, Winston would like to overthrow the Party but is powerless to do so.  Teaming up with his love interest Julia, another Party worker, he colludes with a high-ranking Party official named O'Brien, who reveals himself as a secret member of a society called the Brotherhood who are planning to destroy the Party.  O'Brien gives Winston a subversive book explaining the ideals and motivations of the Party: The upper classes (the highest Party members) need to retain their economic status, so it is important to control the minds and bodies of the lower classes, and wars are waged constantly only so that capital will be spent on the production of war machinery instead of being converted into wealth which could be distributed to the lower classes.Winston knows that if he is caught as a dissident, he's dead.  The Thought Police are everywhere, and can he trust Julia, O'Brien, and the friendly old shopkeeper Mr. Charrington to be who they say they really are?  Predictably, he is apprehended, but the Party's plans involve not killing but reprogramming him, which unfortunately for poor Winston could be a fate worse than death.""1984"" is not strictly an anti-communist rant.  (For that, see Arthur Koestler's ""Darkness at Noon."")  Rather, it attacks the complacency of all people and nations who would let a small number of idealists have their way and take command over the rest of the population.  Semantics aside, Communism and Fascism, as practiced by certain Twentieth Century world powers, are essentially the same thing: the individual loses all his importance for the benefit of the nation, which really means the ruling Party.  If democracy requires eternal vigilance, ""1984"" illustrates the consequences of apathy."
"George Orwell succeeds in capturing the reader's mind's once again as he did before in ""Animal Farm"". Wheras Animal Farm might be considered a comical satire, 1984 takes another step in as a fictional perspective. In this case, George Orwell takes a stand as an oracle...he seems to conclude that sometime in the future communistic ideals may come into total control. I believe such ideas evolved throughout his influence during the World War II. It is not a wonder such dire predictions have been described. The book is a amalgamation of fiction, romance, politics, however beautifully combining them into a captivating and original novel. Definitely worth the time to read."
"I don't think I could say anything about this book that hasn't already been said! This is probably my favourite novel of all time! This has unbelivable power, the atmosphere is incredible. It still grips and absorbs me every time I read it! I love the ambiguity of the ending. If you haven't read this novel and are wondering if you should, don't think about it any more, get a copy as soon as you can and get reading. It'll be one the most rewarding reading experiences you'll ever have!A totally exceptional novel!"
"When my English teacher made a reference to 1984 I knew I had to read it and that was the best decision I ever made! 1984 is so deep with many twists and turns. Just the idea of ""crimethink"" and ""telescreens"" and ""big brother is watching you"" expresses the deep and futuristic feel of the entire book. Really relating to Winston and Julia helped a lot and when at first I thought it would be to deep for me as I am 13 I actually really enjoyed it alot. But you are warned. Once started you wil not be able to put it down!"
"I have recently done an essay on 1984's commentary on society (now there's a topic!) for my English class, and reading it made me realize that it is truly one of the greatest books ever written. While Communism isn't exactly the ""threat"" that it was when Orwell was writing this, the topic is still potent to today's society because it's all about power, and what better topic to represent society when the control of the government is rocking back and forth between the Democrats and Republicans?  The book has one vice, and that is the rambling. Take my advice, do not read all of Emmanuel Goldstein's ""The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism."" It will only bog you down, and most of it is unnecessary to the plot. The first few pages of it give you a clear picture of where and who Oceania is and is composed of, respectively. It will also give some info about Eastasia and Eurasia, but otherwise, just skim. Otherwise, the book is fascinating, vivid, and mind-bogglingly poignant. Do yourself a favor and read it, for your English class, if nothing else."
"""Thought Police."" ""Big Brother.""  ""Orwellion."" These words have become part of our national vocabulary because of George Orwell's classic novel ""1984,"" the story of one man's nightmare odyssey through a world ruled by warring states and a power structure that controls not only information but individual thought and memory.  A minor functionary named Winston Smith joins a covert brotherhood and pursues a forbidden love affair against the cold, gray backdrop of the Republic of Oceania-only to become a hunted enemy of the state-and of Big Brother."
"One of the greatest works of fiction of all time, a book that I found abhorrent to read, with characters that aren't likable. I wouldn't say that I enjoyed reading it, as such, but I was compelled to continue reading through to the end. Not nearly as grim a tale as other distopian novels, 1984 is a book that every American citizen should read. After all, the European union is our ally, and has always been our ally."
"I read this book last year, in 8th grade, and it was one of the hardest books I have ever had to read.  It was so long and dragged on and on.  I did think this book was pretty good but it took me forever to read because of the vocab and there were so many scenes that could have been cut to make this book shorter.  I am going to read this book again someday when I am a little older and will understand it a bit better because I did think it was good.  I do recommend this to people but beware if you are young that it is a hard read.  I recommend this to people in high school or above."
"In George Orwell's '1984' he describes a world that might someday be. Maybe even a hightened view of today's 'democracy'. In '1984' there are really only two classes- that of the party members and that of the proles. But no matter which you belong to, you are really the same, because you are born into a world where freedom is unknown. Born into a world where your future is pre-determined, and therefore, you are 'happy' in your ignorance. All of your actions and conversations are constantly monitored, and if you dare to challenge the rule that you are put under from birth, dire consequences are known to follow. So you grow up in only one world with only one option- that of obeying. And in your mind and in the minds of those around you, you become so accustomed to this system of unchallenged rule, that you begin to believe that it's right.  This is a  story of a man who suddenly awakens to the injustices of the Party. He examines the phsychology of the system and comes to understand just how the Party has manipulated and altered the past in order to control the future.  I'm quite amazed at the depth of Orwell's knowledge and how he see's the precense of a ruling class in it's entirety. Throughout the novel he remains completely unbiased, and therefor gives us a true view of the mentality of government rule and how the working class comes to accept it. The only way that one could possibly dispute this book is if they came into it with an altered opinion, which is exactly what the book describes. This is really a work of genius and can change the way you view your life entirely. It's something that everyone should examine and study and try to understand. It really is an amazing piece of work."
"George Orwell's 1984 is a futuristic novel in which every movement of people is controlled by a government headed by ""Big Brother"", which is determined to dominate every aspect of people's lives.  The slogan that ""freedom is slavery"" and ""war is peace"" is a constant theme within the story, and Orwell's explanation of war being a mere political and economic tool is exactly correct, as has been demonstrated by vietnam and the korean conflict, as well as other US military involvements.  His description of the government being an all-powerful, all-knowing entity is not entirely too far off from the communistic governments of today.  What is amazing is that Orwell wrote the book in 1949, projecting what life would be like 35 years later, and he was not very far off in his assessment.  The amount of freedom that people have has drastically been reduced in society, as is the case in 1984.  Telescreens which can see and listen to people's private lives are the norm in a world where nothing is secret and almost anything is a crime against the State.  The main character, Winston Smith, spends the entire novel realizing that this is the case.  Orwell's 1984 is truly a fairly accurate portrayal of the social and governmental conditions that are present in todays society"
"1984 was truly ausome book. I read Orwell's Animal Farm in middle school and thoroughly enjoyed that book. I had also started reading 1984 in middle school, but never got into the story. I started reading 1984 a few weeks ago and after getting past the first 20 pages was immersed in the story. 1984, written in the 1940's is about a future gone awry with no freedom of anything, and the political party in power having overwhelming control over all its citizens. The party is divided into 4 main factions the ministry of love, plenty, truth, and peace. It is interesting that they don't call it the ministry of the economy but the ministry of plenty. They are also speaking a new language called Newspeak which tries to simplify all words into their most basic meanings. This is to prevent the formation of new ideas and independent thinking. The thing that I liked most about the book was the believability of the world, it seemed plausible that the future of 1984 could have existed instead of the one we have today. Overall I would rate this book a 9.5 on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the highest. If you are looking to read a truly insightful book into the diabolical possibility of party systems this is a great book to read. If you have some time on your hands this is also a great book to read."
"This was the first time I had tried the ""futuristic"" genre- and I loved it! 1984 really made think- it was in-depth without being totally confusing. The characters are realistic and Orwell does a great job of describing how the citizens are controlled in the republic of Oceania. If you ever get the opportunity, read 1984- you will not be disappointed!!!"
"Nineteen-eighty-four is a prime example of what the future may have looked like had the world had fallen to a reign of totalitarism; a world of total government control.  If you enjoy lengthy narratives with details oozing out of the binding, or take a fancy to history and government, this is a must read.  If you like books that make you think, this would be a good choice; however, if these subjects don't excite you, you may want to stay away from this one.  The incredibly detailed writing clarifies and depicts each scene with stunning reality, but can slow the reading with the intriguing, yet tedious facts.The main themes are love, oppression, and hidden rebellion.  It deals with the struggle of man against the indomitable machine of politics.  Nineteen-eighty-four is set behind the perspective of the main character, Winston.  Only what the he sees is what the reader sees.  Given this, you see a great deal.  If you harbor even the smallest interest in totalitarian government or communism, this is a good read.  The book follows Winston through his daily life and describes its intertwining with the people around him, the ""Brotherhood,"" and the ""Party.""  Through hatred of the governmental restrictions and an illegal love interest, Wilson secretly plans the Party's demise as the plot progressively thickens.  The insight and imagination that Orwell used to fabricate an entire world is outstanding.  He has a marvelously terrifying viewpoint of Marxist policy, scary to the point of realism.However, as good as this book may seem, it is aimed at the mature reader, a fabulous choice for the high school and college students and great for adults too.  So for all of you who have always heard the well-known phrase ""Big Brother's watching you,"" and never knew what it meant, take the chance to figure out what it means by diving into 1984; you won't be disappointed."
"An extraordinarily original and powerful novel, George Orwell's chilling masterpiece remains absolutely convincing, from the first sentence to the last four words.  This book is a remarkable achievement. Sincerely, Diana Dell, author, ""A Saigon Party: And Other Vietnam War Short Stories."""
"It is a world very much like ours today - no privacy,  ignorance of the world and wars around us, everyone  conforming to be no different than ones neighbor, and  government only telling the public what they want  them to know.Open your eyes and read this warning to  what very well could become true if we do not change."
"Orwell's 1984, changed the way I look at life. It has made me leary of all fanatics, particularly relgious fanatics. The society of Oceania closely resembles many ultra-Right wing organizations. They demand total conformity from all of their members. Big Brother parallels the Judeo-Christian God in that he demands total loyalty. The Party cannot lie. If they say that 2+2=5 then it's true, and the individual is forced to conform. One of the scariest concepts in the book is ""Ignorance Is Strength."" I've spoken to many religious fanatics who believe that ignorance is strength. They would rather believe what they have always believed, than question ""so-called"" truth. The most valuable lesson that this book taught me is that any authority that cannot be questioned, cannot be trusted!"
"George Orwell's ""1984"", the classic study of total behavioral control, also is a study of Marxist economics.  In ""1984"" a perpetual state of war exists both to enslave productive populations and also to justify total behavioral control over society.  Orwell structures his society using Karl Marx's Communist model: 'Proles' (proletariat), large 'Outer Party', and small 'Inner Party'.  The Proles are a poor, marginally-educated workforce requiring minimal control -- they are happy with their ale.  The Outer Party is the educated workforce that implements routine governmental functions.  To enforce their submissive behavior they are spied upon by telescreens, by coworkers, and by family members.  Outer Party members are poor but Victory Gin is inexpensive.  Well-paid Inner Party members ensure total societal submission to authority using government policies, surveillance, propaganda, trickery and torture.  The Inner Party's total behavioral control over others also intimidates potential Inner Party rebels into total submission.""1984"" does not contain mobile computer terminals and computerized databases.  It does contain 'telescreens': two-way video/audio devices that permit propaganda broadcasts and also allow video/audio surveillance.  The telescreens *cannot* be turned off and blocking them is treasonable.  Other societal control programs include 'Thought Police' patrols, alteration of all records, and a language simplification program designed both to hinder 'thoughtcrimes' and also to eliminate the critical questions that well-educated people ask.George Orwell did not anticipate computers, but he understood Karl Marx's strategem for controlling society using economics, surveillance, propaganda, and the educational system.  ""1984"" reflects this understanding."
"Those last four words will make you CRINGE! Of course, they mean NOTHING to you if you haven't read the book. This is by far the most depressing book I've read. Stephen King's Stand can eat its heart out. A very frightening portrayal of life without privacy. Microphones in parks, surveillance mechanisms in all restaurants. Betrayal, love, hate, etc. I've read this book once, but I don't think I need to read it again, its effect was that powerful. A friend of mine also found this book depressing. Orwell does an outstanding narrative towards the end which contributes to the cringing part at the very end. I've read this book quite a while ago but its fascinating how much I remember it. This book shouldn't be ignored. Read it once, at once."
Because nothing else will be able to compare. this book is number 3 on mensa's top 12 list and number 1 on mine. George Orwell's predictions of a horrible socialist oppressive future puts our own society in perspective. The only thing greater than this book is the last 4 words which will send chills down your spine. A definate must-read.
"What is most impressive about 1984 is not the quality of writing or the appeal of the storyline, though both are excellent.  What is most impressive about 1984 is that so many of the concepts discussed, either implicitly or explicity are still applicable and relevant in today's modern politics.  Doublethink as a concept is not far off from the lies today's politicians ask you to believe as they continue to become embroiled in one controversial moral or ethical crisis after another.  One has to wonder, after reading this book, if we are not in fact on our way to catastrophe ourselves in the 21st century.  Though the threat is not perhaps militant in nature, it is still real nonetheless in the form of moral decay.  This book is emminently comparable to Huxley's Brave New World and if you enjoyed one, you'll enjoy the other."
"1984 is a rather grim prediction for the future.  The new world that it creates is frightening and surreal.  The main character, Winston Smith, does not seem like the usual hero, yet at the same time one can't help liking his small rebellion.  However, the total control excersised by the Party is alarming in its reality.  Although George Orwell wrote this novel as a prediction for 1984, it is as significant today as it ever was.  This book is definately worth reading.  The style grabs you, and although the totalitarian society created could be confusing, the novel reads in a way that helps you to slowly understand each aspect of it.  I would definately reccomend this book."
"1984 is centered around a male worker by the name of Winston Smith. Winston lives in Oceania where Big Brother is everywhere and everything is the opposite os what is appears. The Ministry of Love deals with torture and hate. The Ministry of Plenty starves the citizens of Oceania. The Ministry of Truth creates lies, and the Ministry of Peace is involved with War. All around Oceania there are posters of Big Brother, and the Party's slogans are everywhere. WAR IS PEACE. FREEDOM IS SLAVERY. IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH. This book is a great look at totalitarianism and the views of the world during the 1940s-1950s (WW2). This book requires thought, time, and patience, but it is worth it."
"This book represents a possible future that Orwell foresaw as a result of man's struggle for power.  It describes an entire world that has been corrupted, and the corruptors as well have made themselves blind to what they are doing.  The story is well written and keeps you on edge for its entirety.  Althought it leaves much to be figured out by the reader, it is extremely descriptive.  Even if you follow the story closely, each new step is a shock, and every discovery will intrigue.  The end especially will come as a surprise for those of us who are more used to predictability.  A strong 5-star rating.  You won't put it down!"
"Orwell is brilliant. In '1984' he examines the effects of a totalitarian soceity. Winston is a deep and multi-dimensional character who we see change as the novel progresses. The depth of Orwell's novel is astounding, and even though the year 1984 didn't turn out the way Orwell had thought, the book is magnificent. Orwell warns us to never become the society that he depicts in '1984'."
"The world of 1984 is one that is completely stained with hate and ironies.  Winston Smith, the novels main character,  strugles throughout the book to try to discover who he is and how to overcome the power that the Party has over its self-molded society.  The Party, which is a perfect example of a complete totalitarianim government, has shaped the world of 1984. The Party has so much control over every aspect of human life,that power including love, sex, and the family enviorment.  ""The only recognized purpose of marriage was to beget childeren for the service of the Party.  Sexual intercourse was to be looked on as a slightly disgusting minor operation, like having an enema.""(57)  The power that the Party has forces Winston Smith to rebel.  He then falls in love with a young women, which is not only a crime, but is completely unheard of.  The unlawful act is one that starts the roller-coaster ride that is this novel, and in trun, plays an important role in the theme.  Orwell not only appeals to the readers emotions but also plays with ones mind.  The themes of government, power, and isolation is what make this novel so fabulous. This novel could be best described as an ironic paradox in every sense of the words.  1984, by George Orwell is a futureistic novel that forces the reader to contemplate the world around them.  The novel is so stratigically written that it can appeal to the modern reader.  I would reccomend 1984 to anyone who enjoys a well written political satire."
"George Orwell was a dedicated communist, but not in the Stalinist sense.  Here he takes not just Stalinism to task, but also all societies that manipulate their citizens.  If you don't think that western capitalism does not observe and manipulate you, think again.  It is doing exactly that, but not using the technologies that Orwell conjured up in the 1940's.  Read Vance Packard 'The people shapers' for an analysis of the scientific use of market research for getting into our heads and manipulating and exploting our basic needs and desires.  Why else do politicians all mostly run the same lines and have their spin doctors in control of their pronouncements."
One of the most unbelieveable books I've ever read! This shows what will happen if we keep allowing our dependence on government to grow and keep electing DEMONcRATS.
"No amount of positive reviewing will do justice to the importance and beauty of this book - you have to read if for yourself.  What I really want to review are the reviews of some reviewers from Wstern countries. They like the book, but their reviews are of the kind 'This is a book about a hypothetical totalitarian dictatorshp, ..., etc.' What is wrong, is the word 'hypothetical' This book could have been titled 'Bits of the History of the Communist World (albeit a little allegorical)'I don't know what people born in the West understand in this book. Not much perhaps. The very fact that Orwell is the ONLY Westerner I know of to have written an accurate description (though a bit allegorical) of communism in practice, suggests that most Westerners couldn't understand what was happening in the communist world. I suggest that they read it for what it is: History cast into an allegorical novel.Now an example or two. There was a famous picture in history textbooks in communist countries. Lenin in a podium holding a speech, his hand streched to the masses listening. On his left you could see Stalin. Everyone of my age has seen this picture. What most people haven't seen, though, is an older version of it: Lenin holding a speech, and on his left, Trotsky. (Winston's job right)Now my country (Albania) was great friends with USSR, until 1961, that is. Albania broke up with USSR (considering USSR a traitor of real socialism), to advance real socialism together with China. Not for ever of course - in 1978 China became a traitor of real socialism, too, having in fact never been really socialist.  There was a famous picture in Albanian history textbooks. The Albanian B.B. (Enver Hoxha)  was denouncing the betrayal of real socialism by the Soviet leadership. I have seen all three versions of this painting: In the first one, Enver Hoxha had Chou EnLai on one side and Mehmet Shehu (Albanian Prime Minister) on the other. This was valid between 1961 and 1978. When China betrayed socialism in 1978, Chou Enlai disappeared from the painting, and someone else took his stead. This second version lasted until 1981. That's because in 1981 Mehmet Shehu became a traitor, and 'was suicided'. So he disappeared from the painting, too. This is the last version of it. By the way, the painting stood in the Albanian National Art Gallery. Many people must have seen all three versions of it in original.I could wrie a book longer than 1984, describing how accurate 1984 is.Read 1984 as a history of the communist world; it is valid even for the four decades after Orwell's death.Aleksander Coho"
"A disquieting novel, lucid and magnificent about totalitarianism. Winston Smith, an employee of the Minister of Truth, rebels against the dehumanized and mechanized world of 1984. He, a free thinker, hates the Party and Big Brother, as does Julia. She contacts him and they start a clandestine affair, in a world where passion is forbidden and sex is viewed with repulsion. O'Brien, another character, tells them that there is a secret society named ""The Brotherhood"", which fights against the Party. You will be chilled to know what happens next.More than a novel, this book is a clear and horrible warning about totalitarianism and man's overwhelming lust for power, as well as about the misleading uses of technology. A terrifying view of what a society without history, memory, pleasure, love and family may become. It is not pure fiction: in 1984, the Soviet empire was beginning to be deconstructed, but for many years the story portrayed by Orwell had been basically real. There is no guarantee that it won't happen again. New technologies can be a blessing, a tool for the spread of freedom and information (e.g. we can exchange opinions in sites like this one), but they can also be terrible threats to privacy. There is no need to become paranoid after reading this book, but we would do well to be conscious of what might happen in the future (partly, because it has happened in the past). More relevant than ever, this book should be read and talked about. It can only be comforting to know that it is selling very well these days. So read it and think about it: you'll find traces of Orwell's society in the country you live in, no matter which one."
"It would be hyperbolic to say the world of Nineteen Eighty Four has arrived. But there are too many elements of today's society that evoke parts of the book. We hear a lot today about ""Hate Crimes"". A more accurate term for that concept is the one coined by Orwell -- ""Thought Crimes"". In fact, calling Thought Crimes by a different name in order to make the idea more palatable is simply a creative use of Newspeak/DoubleThink. I don't think I have to give examples of Big Brother -- you can supply your own. My point is that we may yet be a long way from a totalitarian state, but we have at least taken small steps in that direction -- and perhaps we should be concerned at how little we are resisting that movement."
"This book vividly portrays the most extreme end of socialism's slippery slope.  The book is terrifying to read because the eery science fiction-like society which Orwell describes is not so inconceivable.  I lived in Russia a few years ago and was struck by the cold impersonal drabness of everything.  In the blank, hollow, empty eyes of many of Russia's elderly I saw how tyranny had literally erased personality.  The spark of humanity which puts light in the eyes had been doused, and all that was left was a shell of a human being who was no longer a person, but merely a function with no independent thought.  George Orwell's 1984 has existed to a large degree in totalitarian regimes of the past, and its radical egalitarian roots exist in society today.  They seem to be an integral part of human nature's dark side.Two things in this book were especially profound for me.  First was Orwell's exposition of the social conflicts between the highs, the middles, and the lows, which Winston Smith read about in Goldstein's book.  George Orwell understood totalitarianism well enough to see that equality is not socialism's end, but merely the propagandistic means for replacing the highs.  Self-serving tyrants inevitably usurp socialism's ideals and use them to become the highs themselves, indulging themselves in privilege at the expense of the rest of society.  After reading Goldstein's book, Winston understood the how, and O'Brien explained to him the why when he declared, chillingly, that power was an end in and of itself.The second thing which struck me as profound was Orwell's exposition of Newspeak, the official language of Oceania which robbed people of their ability to think by robbing them of their ability to express thoughts in words.  Rudimentary examples of doublethink, crimethink, and the thought police can be seen in various political groups within our society today.This book is brilliant and prophetic, a must read for all those socialist utopians who have forgotten the dark realities of human nature."
"WOW!  The images in this book will stay with you for a long time.  Depressing and Uplifting at the same time, this book is a must read, especially if you want to avoid our own future turning into the picture that Orwell paints here.  This book is read in high schools all over the nation for a reason: it speaks about the human heart - both the darkness there and the and the longing for freedom."
"My class could do this for an extra credit grad and I am glad about that. This book is frightening realistic. The technology in this is possibly and some of its here, the government has come and gone in a lesser degree, and the issues faced are here. If someone with enough brains and had a hated enemy of the people, this government may come. The story is very believable and is a must read for casual and serious readers alike."
"1984 is a book that is meant to show what can happen from total government control and of the corruption that money and power can bring.It was created in the time of the horrific World Wars, when the shameful attempt at genocide occurred for many unfortunate peoples, and is still occurring in different ways around the world. 1984 was also created to bring to light what terrible things could happen if freedom was no longer allowed and completely controlled.If you read the novel, which I definitely recommend, you'll discover a dystopia based on what could have happened from the Wars, and (ironically) what is happening now, to make the world a totally controlled place, a one-personality brainwashed culture. In Orwell's world, the things you see, hear, or do are ONLY what They want..."
"I read this book about 25-30 years ago and it seemed so unrealistic back then. But---now children Do spy on their parents, and what is a fad if it's not dressing alike to an extent, and how about the schools now using uniforms, ie. dressing alike to know if you belong there, and oh yes.....Big Brother is watching us now---cameras at traffic lights, speed sensors on the interstates and turnpikes. Oh, and the news that the media prints isn't always true and isn't that ""history""? This book does get tedious at times but it's definitely worth reading, I know I have thought about this book of fiction/fantasy off and on for the past few decades. Isn't that a sign of a good book worth reading? My daughters are now reading it for English class and they're struggling through the wordy tedious parts but I tell them they won't forget this story."
"This is probably the best book I read...  Although it was a bit repetitive in the middle, the plot kicked in.  It was pretty frightening, since many things that happen in the world today also happened in the book.  The way that the government worked in the book was through fear and torture.  They manipulated the way everyone thought by telling them what to think (much like children are told to finish their meals)  but then torturing them if they disagree.  If you read this book, you may feel like you are actually there, and maybe get frightened too.I recommend 1984 to everyone!"
"Yeah right.  That is what we would all like to think in our safe, secure little world.  When written, no one would pubish this astounding fantastic reality.  Mr. Orwell had to wait several years and suffer many dissapointments for anyone to accept and believe in his story.  Today, what once seemed 'science-fiction' is an all too true and fast becoming reality.  This book will make you question your reality, understand accpetance, empathize with institutionalism and wonder at how individualistic you really are -  despite your noblee attempts!Although, at first intimidating, Orwell's style and nature soon becomes free and clear, and though it drags on at some parts; You won't stop reading untill you are done.  What seems hard to comprehend and language a few chapters to get used to.. you too will soon think in terms of newspeak and realize how easily it can happen to you too!"
This is my favorite book of all time! Everything about it is great!
"This book is so straight on that I believe it will never die.  I think that Jerry Furland, author of Transfer - the end of the beginning, is possiby George Orwell re-incarnated.  I would like to know more about both of these authors."
"with ourselves ....... 1984 is an epic of living terror. Of the haunting spectre of communism that has gone paranoid. The central character Winston  is a mechanised survivor in this regime where everything is  according to the wishes of ""Big Brother"" . Winston becomes a rebel to retain his last shred of humanity . He meets Julia who is a rebel (but only from the waist down as Winston remarks) and is well aware of the prevalent hypocrisy and fear.They are unmasked by the thought Police who watch your every move thro hidden telescreens. Winston is arrested and subsequently his reformation begins. He must love BIG BROTHER.... 1984 is a singular in its portrayal of the helplessness of an individual and his acceptance of the sham of BIG BROTHER.Orwell was a genius way ahead of his time and every word of this book proves that fact."
"with ourselves ....... 1984 is an epic of living terror. Of the haunting spectre of communism that has gone paranoid. The central character Winston  is a mechanised survivor in this regime where everything is  according to the wishes of ""Big Brother"" . Winston becomes a rebel to retain his last shred of humanity . He meets Julia who is a rebel (but only from the waist down as Winston remarks) and is well aware of the prevalent hypocrisy and fear.They are unmasked by the thought Police who watch your every move thro hidden telescreens. Winston is arrested and subsequently his reformation begins. He must love BIG BROTHER.... 1984 is a singular in its portrayal of the helplessness of an individual and his acceptance of the sham of BIG BROTHER.Orwell was a genius way ahead of his time and every word of this book proves that fact."
"At the mention of 1984, critics will prostrate worshipping Orwell's mastery of metaphors, readers will rejoice at his clarity, and soothsayer's will marvel at his prescience. 1984 has even spawned new english words like ""doublethink"" and ""newspeak"". And along with capri pants, it seems in fashion to like 1984. This praise is not meritless and Orwell did indite a great book; however, it didn't grab me the way other books have. For me a good beginning makes me stick with a book, and this is something 1984 lacks. The beginning is ponderous and confusing, and I debated giving up on the book numerous times, but I remembered all the adulatory reviews and decided to stick with it. I am glad I did because the story picks up and still maintains its themes. The beginning did tarnish my view of 1984 a little though and I was still cynical of the praise it receive; after my cynicism disperesed I realized the book did deserve the praise--if the reader can bear the beginning."
"The story is of 1984, a completely different sight than what we remember 1984 to be.  ""Big Brother is watching,"" and you can't talk bad against the Party, which controls everything.  Life isn't interesting in this time.  People disappear because they go up against the Party or even just thinking about it gets you in trouble.  It was interesting and kept me reading just to find out what would happen revolting against the Party.  It's a book that may drag for a while but a definite read till the end."
"In this gripping, horrifying novel, Winston Smith (a citizen of totalitarian Oceania) dares to be defiant in private, against Big Brother, against the Upper Class, against everything.  Along side his forbidden love Julia Winston works toward his goal of destroying Big Brother. He doesn't realize no one can end the reign of Big Brother.  A terrifying gaze into the life of citizens in a totalitarian communist government, 1984 deserves all the hype and praise it gets.  In the words of Winston Smith,  ""DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER!"""
This is one of the most disturbing stories ever written.  But it is done so perfectly.  If you want to read about messed up polatics and a twised state of human affairs than this is the book to read.  It had parts where my brian would tingle as it talked about the economics behind war the the strength in developing a conflict.  It was truely remarkable.  A very influencial peice of literature.
"1984 is written in the style of the ""negative utopia.""  It is a dark vision of a future society in which personal freedom has been destroyed and in which a small group have established dictatorial control over the many.  It was written mainly as a warning against authoritarianism and totalitarianism.....not just the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany, but also against the totalitarianism of the mind that is currently evolving in capitalist culture as well.  Orwell was a socialist.  This is only relevant to counter those who say that Orwell was criticizing socialism.  He most certainly was not...socialists stand for personal freedom and economic democracy.This is a very well written book with a good plot.  Orwell's vision was a clear one and a danger that has not entirely been eliminated today."
Quite a dark story. It became boring at times and had a bit too much informational writing. Definitly not your average story. Well written. The plot was okay. Read it if you want the experience. I would recommend Animal Farm over this if you are looking for dystopian socities. It is much more light hearted and easier to read.
"I read this book in an honors lit class in 9th grade and was surprised to find that it was not a suspended book at my high school yet (and at the same time I was glad it wasn't).  Now I am a Junoir and able to fully apprieciate the well written polital novel.  As I recall, it is about a man named Winston and is based in the furture where the government was nearly in complete control over a person and their thoughts. This place is Oceana which is located in London and at war or allienced with East Asia and Eurasia (Winston is the only one who knows the truth to this and is therefore especially watched closely as he contains top secreate information from the ""Truth Ministry"").  Big Brother is the politacal party that controls London and the secrete police is basically it's secrete weapon to reading the peoples thoughts and killing them off.  Winston falls in love with a woman (illigally) named Julia and therefore ends up joining the Brotherhood (good political party against Big Brother).  Here we see telescreens that are hidden all over secrete and public places to moniter peoples movements and thoughts.  Winston gets caught doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing and is sent to one of the prisons (the most interestingly detailed part in the novel).  Here Wiston must face the ultimate punishment of his life...his own fear.  Read it, ponder over it, and fear it, and enjoy it.  I've even heard that today London has at least 1 survalence camera for every 15 people (sounds kind of like the telescreens to me)....."
"I first read this book on a friend's reccomendation and since then, it has become one of my favorite books of all time. many other reviews give you the plot summary, so i won't bother. I would highly reccomend this book to anyone, especially someone who wants to think about the direction our society is heading. it's kinda disturbing, but only because it's plausable.happy reading."
"To think that by 1984 we had begun to exhibit some of the ideas Orwell expressed in his novel, or that so many believed that none of it had come true?In 1984, Orwell paints the vision of a world layered with Marxist and Socialist philosophies, a place where individual freedom is being oppressed and forgotten.  Told through the perspective of Winston Smith, a member of The Party, Orwell shows the struggles and consequences of a man daring to go against The System.It is a riveting tale injected with political and social philosophy.  A timeless classic that will certainly be revisited by future generations and very likely passed off as ""incorrect predictions"" because the concepts Orwell covers are too frightful to entertain as reality.  From Big Brother watching citizens through Telescreens to the past being rewritten from one moment to the next.I highly recommend this novel to not just science fiction fans but to all citizens of the present, as a reminder that freedom is only a reality as long as we do not take it for granted."
"To think that by 1984 we had begun to exhibit some of the ideas Orwell expressed in his novel, or that so many believed that none of it had come true?In 1984, Orwell paints the vision of a world layered with Marxist and Socialist philosophies, a place where individual freedom is being oppressed and forgotten.  Told through the perspective of Winston Smith, a member of The Party, Orwell shows the struggles and consequences of a man daring to go against The System.It is a riveting tale injected with political and social philosophy.  A timeless classic that will certainly be revisited by future generations and very likely passed off as ""incorrect predictions"" because the concepts Orwell covers are too frightful to entertain as reality.  From Big Brother watching citizens through Telescreens to the past being rewritten from one moment to the next.I highly recommend this novel to not just science fiction fans but to all citizens of the present, as a reminder that freedom is only a reality as long as we do not take it for granted."
"I suspect that most readers of these reviews have already read (&/or reviewed) the book in question. I'm not going to precis 1984 for the remaining readers but simply state that the writing is  understated and matter of fact but nevertheless compelling, many points are subtly made and perhaps one sentance in 10 could be used as an aphorism or commentary of 'modern life', whether it be organised sport, national events or geopolitics. Nothing else comes close to that hit-rate, except a dictionary of quotations.For the few who have not yet read the book, see what you're missing!(ps -  it was lumped together with Animal Farm, Brave New World, Lord of the Flies and various JB Priestly plays as distopian visions in my long-gone schooldays - they're all worth reading too.)"
"Just finished 1984 by George Orwell.  Truly, this is the best novel in the entire dystopian genre.  Orwell eschews the lighthearted writing style of Aldous Huxley for an atmosphere suffused with fear and paranoia.  In terms of creativity, 1984 is one of the most refreshing books I've ever read: the ideas of Newspeak and doublethink, the use of the past as a means of controlling the present; all are amazing ideas that should ring true today.  Orwell's thoughts on ""continuous warfare"" should be especially cogent in light of the current ""war on terror"".The best part of the book is Winston's stay at the Ministry of Love.The only problem with this book is that it puts its ideas before its plot.  An example: at a critical juncture in the exposition, when Winston & Julia have started working for the mysterious Brotherhood, Winston sits down and reads a book for about 25-30 pages.  The ideas conveyed in the book are fascinating, to be sure, but it brings the narrative to a dead halt."
"Winston is a party member in a government that controls the very thoughts of its citizens.  He works diligently until he falls in love with Julia.  He ignors his duties and disobeys his society.  They find freedom for a while, but will it last?  The society in the book is interesting and depressing, too.  The characters have believable personalities.  If you like happy books don't read it though.  It's depressing and politcal but well written."
"There are many reviews for this book, so I will not say what has been said so many times before.  One thing I have to add though; This is a deeply disturbing book, though not in a bad way.  NOT a book for small children.  In my opinion, anyone who isn't disturbed even a little by the ending did not fully understand the story."
"From cover to cover 1984 captivates the reader with its insightful, intriguing, and disturbing look at human nature. Winston, the hero of the novel, lives in a totalitarian government that has control over every aspect of his life. The government has made privacy obsolete and love a sin; therefore, making life for many people unlivable.But with the slogan ""Big Brother Is Watching You"" reigning over every wall and building, many people are far to afraid to speak out against this so called ""perfect"" government, in fears of loosing their life. Winston however, feels that as long as he is living under the rule on INGSOC (the official name of the government) he might as well be dead. So he looses his fears and slowly takes action against INGSOC. He falls in love and for the first time in his life he is truly happy. But everything that he is doing is against the law. The government views love as something that is dangerous to the party; therefore it must be destroyed. Ultimately the government turns out to be far more complex and powerful than anyone imagined.I am assuming that many people are reading this before they have actually read 1984. I will not reveal more because I do not want to ruin the plot for you. AlI can say is that it has a surprise ending that you would have never expected.1984 was written by George Orwell in 1949, yet its theme and ideas still holds true in many ways to today's world. That is one, out of many reasons, as to why 1984 will forever be a classic. Set in 1984, Orwell's depiction, of what was then considered the future, is both horrific and in some ways accurate to the governments of today.There is great deal of symbolism in this novel. I believe that Orwell's intention, as Goldings had been in Lord of the Flies, was to reveal the evil that drives people and to show how that evil is apparent even in today's modern societies. Orwell worded this book so eloquently that it is easy for almost anyone to pick up the symbolism.1984 was so eye opening for me, that after I read it I walked morbidly around the house just thinking about what ultimately happened to Winston. This book pulls everyone in because it has all the elements - drama, action, suspense, and romance. I only recommend this book to people that are at least in 6 grade. The reading isn't challenging, it is just the actual concepts about the goal of governments and human spirit that might be confusing. If you are the type of person that likes to get absorbed in a book, not just have a quick read, then this is the book for you. If you enjoy books such as Fahrenheit 451, Brave New World, or The Giver, then 1984 will undoubtedly become a favorite."
"More chilling now than when I first read it over 25 years ago.  Not necessarily because of increased understanding but because of increased intrusion by the state.  I am nagged by the realization that had Orwell lived longer, his work would have been closer to current events than fiction."
"The message the author was trying to get to the readers was good, and Orwell did a pretty good job writing it, but the plot ruined the book. I don't want to ruin the end for readers, but it makes everything in the book meaningless. Unfortunately there are also parts in the book that are VERY boring. If you are going to read this book, get it from the library before you buy it."
"Take a look at the media of today, they only let one view out. This is a prophetic book. American society is already well on it's way with almost no turning back!! There is already propaganda everywhere. On television, everywhere.... The television has become the one truth. It stops thought and feeds lies and incomplete and twisted facts...Always question authority, and think for yourself!! don't let the media think for you... they lie... ALOT!Orwell was a prophet, I tell you..."
"Orwell describes a Negative Utopia, one which Big Brother watches your every move, any inkling of dislike towards the party can get you killed, and even confessions of one's own children can send you to labor camps.The first half paints a scary picture as one man tries to cope with everyday life in this suffocating hell.  There are telescreens constantly watching you, people totally dedicated to revising the past to suit the Party, spies out to snitch on you.  The main character, through his mundane everyday ordeal, breaks the mold and does something dangerous - buys and writes into a diary.  The overall feeling is a common but classic one - one man tries to break out of a confining society.  He describes the mood of the world that any man can relate to, being an individual in a world where individuality is not welcome.The second half is the weaker half.  It turns from a subtle message to an openly overt message.  Instead of the concentrating on one man's perspective, Orwell bombards the reader with mock history and rhetoric, and a last minute confession by the Party itself.  That last minute confessions reminds me of how in any badly written movie, the villain suddenly explains his motives and his actions to the hero before he's about to kill him.  And like those movies, the motivation is overblown and totally unreal.This book was enjoyable, and the writing was smooth and fluid.  The lack of dialogue and action sort of took away from the enjoyment, but not too much.  I would recommend this book, but I still think Animal Farm is far superior."
"this was the first novel ever that i have finished (i tend to read the first few pages and quickly move over to the end). yes. like a winter in london under heavy smog, this novel has a gloomy, cold, and a bit cynical perspective. but there's something pulling you in. it's the secret love between winston and julia. so beautiful. soon to be crushed like a flower under some fat tires, though..."
"By giving it 2 stars I'm not saying the book had no affect on me, 2 stars means it's ok, now my review.  When I read Animal Farm by George Orwell, I was blown away, it was a great book, with such a great meaning behind it. So when I decided to read 1984, I was hoping it'd be better, but when I started reading it, I almost fell asleep. It is said to have a warning for Governments behind it, and I guess in 1943 it did, but in the year 2000, I dont think it warns anyone. He was trying to say, that when a government or anyone tries for a Utopia(perfect place) that it falls in on them, and can never work out. Just like The Giver, by Lois Lowry, that book was very good, where a boy grows up in a town where it's all black and white, and people ride bikes everywhere. The people ride bikes so there is no pollution, and also because they dont leave their little town, it blew me away, and maybe you should read it, if you already haven't. But as for 1984 I dont know, I guess I was expecting too much, and didn't get what I was hoping for.Jesse"
"When reading this book, one is dragged through the emotions of love, hate, betrayal, despair, and utter, unabashed rage.  This novel tells a story of negative utopia in which the government knows all and sees all.  The citizens are worthless except as workers.  Winston and Julia go through a secret love affair despite better judgement.  The use of allegory for socialism is impressive.  Many parallels, obvious and subtle, can be drawn between the two.  The story is enthralling and the book is hard to put down.The reader may feel safe from the situation in this book, but it is not impossible.  Of course, 1984 has come and gone, but we must realize that such situations are possible.  That is why this book deserves 5 stars.  1984 uses exaggeration to prove a point.  Freedom and capitalism are definately worth the drawbacks.  We see that if we give the government our freedom, we will eventually become slaves to the government.Orwell was brilliant in this work.  We are forewarned.  Everyone should read this book (at least once) and try to take a lesson from it."
a dark anti-utopian book with under lying meanings about history in foreign countrys
"In a utopian society there is no pain.  There is no disease, and there is no jealousy of any sort.  What would happen if there would be no thought allowed too?  Would not this eliminate pain, worries, and jealosy?  Would it be chaos, or would it create the ultimate utopian society?  In the city of Oceania, one man would dare to question the paradisiacal utopian society which was created.  Winston Smith was alive during the glorious revolution, when Big Brother and the Brotherhood commandeered control.  From then on, there were three basic rules:  war is peace, freedom is slavery, and ignorance is strength.  Big Brother was supreme.  If you uttered a word against him, you would be vaporized, and erased from society.  Who controls the present controls the present controls the past.  Those who control the future controls the present.  Winston needs to find a way to end the reign of Big Brother, and time is running out.  The Thought Police are coming for him, and by the time he finds how to vanquish them, it may be too late."
"Anyone who read George Orwell's classic 1984 when they were younger and didn't enjoy it, needs to give it another read. I understood its freightening warning much better when I read it as an older more mature person.I just saw a show on MSNBC the other night about real ""Big Brother"" technology that is in use today. Some cities in England are using stratigicly placed surveillance cameras that can actually automatically focus in on suspicious looking characters and run a picture of their face against a database of known criminals. Another example of ""Big Brother"" technology is electronic toll collection systems that allow the ""authorities"" to track your whereabouts.Certainly, doublespeak is often used in politics and to shape public opinion today. Bombing innocent civilians and causing widespread destruction is now the meaningless term ""collateral damage"". The ""Defense Department"" is more of an offensive international policing agency that is ready, willing, and able to wreak havoc on any country which is diagreeable to the United States. Nuclear missles are dubiously named ""peacekeepers"".IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH is America today. How many people in America actually educate themselves about the issues of the day and about the real nature of the politicians running for office? It's pretty obvious to anyone who has bothered to educate themselves that many politicians often don't practice what they preach. People are too quick to just accept sound bites as facts, and don't bother to educate themselves regarding the issues of the day.The only way we can prevent a totalitarian regime like George Orwell described in 1984 from becomming a reality is for every person to be vigilant about protecting their rights and the rights of others, and for people to constantly question things and educate themselves. Unfortantely, I don't have much hope that people will actually prevent George Orwell's nightmare vision from becoming a reality. We're closer than most people realize. 1984 is here!"
"1984 was for me the most interesting book I've read in 2000. Though the book is written in a time in which the political spectrum in the world was totally different, this book still has a high warning rate for everybody who is thinking that freedom, or better said, being free, is something that is well assured nowadays. The treath of being dominated by 'things', and not , is with the continuing rise of the technological influence in modern society still a great treath. Besides, we already have a Big Brother. The TV-program with the same name, which started in my home country, is now conquering the world.  As if this program doesn't demonstrate the fact that we are about to loose our knowledge for making ethical decisions. 1984 is still a warning for everybody, and therefore highly recommendable."
"George Orwell's horrific representation of Oceania, a world power and dominating force throughout the story, is a frighteningly realistic presentation of how governments work.  Orwell displays the common theme of disinformation (called ""doublethink"")used by government powers.  Although 1984 has come and passed, the idea that governments can gain totalitarian control through complacent, uniterested citizens is not far from present conditions.  1984 is an excellent read, filled with wondrous insight for everyone."
"Nineteen Eighty Four The book nineteen eighty-four is a novel of fiction written by George Orwell in 1948.  Orwell's book is set in the year 1984 and is an account given by the main character Winston smith.  In the book we find the world is broken into three different governments (Oceania,Eastasia,and Euraisa), and that Smith is a citizen of Oceania.  Oceania is ruled by a tyrannical form of government known as the Party, which is controlled by a dictator referred to as Big Brother.  The Party is broken-up into several branches called ministry's, and Smith is employed at the Ministry of Truth, which falsifies any records that would hurt the reputation of the Party.  So the society in which Smith is accompanied essentially believes everything they are told, what to do, say, believe, and so on.  Smith however gains a conception that this is not right an that freedom is better than tyranny. This however is constituted as one of the most serious crimes in Oceania; it is referred to as thought crime. In this society people are punished for not believing what the government tells them even if what they proclaim is absolutely ridicules.  For instance, that 2+2=5, and if there is no evidence either supporting or conflicting that, what they have said must be true.  At the end of the book Smith is tortured for committing thought crime and eventually released virtually unable to think for himself. I believe, if there is anything we can take from Orwell's novel,it is that freedom is precious, and should not be taken lightly or for granted, and that we as Americans should never forget the price that our fore fathers paid to receive it."
"This is one of those books that you here so much about before you have a chance to read it.  It makes you seem to think that you know what to expect from cover to cover.  You are flat out wrong.  Yes, with an overbearing government and a subversive hero this work had me riveted and unable to put it down until I had read it twice.  The book can also be likened to a modern day example of Machiacelli's ""Prince"" and had definite anarcho/commune supporting undertones.  One of the members of the Inner Party takes the time to explain in detail how a political group can stay in power.  The surreptitious ""Book"" explains all there is to know about class struggle and how to eliminate it.  Fantastic as both a political and as a literary work."
"I found ""1984"" to be Orwell's finest novel as many others have.  The problem that most readers have with the book is that they consider it ""too boring"" and ""lacking in action"".  What they are missing is that the main point of this book isn't to provide violence and action, of which it has it's fair share, but instead to entice us to think about the human mind, our existance, the way we govern ourselves, the power struggle, and most of all our limitations as human beings.  When one really examines this book and ponders its philosphies, to me, makes it exciting and interesting.  This is my second favorite book after ""A Clockwork Orange"" by Burgess, which I also highly recommend.  No piece of literature is for everyone but I do suggest ""1984"" as a book that will appeal to the masses and help people change their attitude and feelings towards the world in hopes that they might change this planet and prevent any such scenario provided in this book from actually happening."
"One of the great books of the 20th century - it is amazing how much of Orwell has entered the language : Big Brother, Thought Police etc. The story is a bleak one - ""Imagine a boot stamping on a human face, forever!"". Orwell intended it as a warning, not as a prophecy. As a warning, it worked - 1984 was read by every Russian dissident, about the only English book (besides Animal Farm) that can make that claim. Yet, the abuse of language described by Orwell, the way thought can be controlled by inculcating poverty of language, in a certain sense describes much of today's media - ""dumbing down"" actually limits the possible human response - look at the jeers and cheers on 'the Jerry Springer' as pathetic subjects explode their inarticulate rage. The nearest thing to the '5 Minute Hate' that I have ever seen. Yet, Orwell possibly made the warning too bleak (he was dying of TB as he wrote, it was his last book). You feel that while Julia and Winston Smith do ultimately betray each other, yet it was done under duress of torture, and there could possibly be forgiveness in their hearts afterwards, not the disillusion of the book. The power of human love could defeat the Party, perhaps. A book that repays several readings."
"To some up this book, it is a novel written about the future (1984) written in 1949.  It is based on a fictional new world order that arose from the history of the world and especially world war I & II.  It is a deep look into what could happen if government gains too much control of our everyday lives.  The suprising thing is that you can draw parrallels with many of the features of our modern lives.  If youve heard the terms ""big brother"" and ""thought police"", this is where they came from.  I recommend this one it'll make you think twice about our lives of emails, cameras, political correctness...etc."
"1984 is a book about a controlling government taking too much power over it's people. This book totally reminds me of my favorite movie series, Star Wars. The dictatorship is close to the communism in present-day Cuba where the people have no say in any matter. The government known as Big Brother has developed a language, Newspeak, for the people of Oceania. The language prohibits people from acting against Big Brother. All citizens are under intensive constant watch including the main character Winston Smith. All thoughts, actions, and words are recorded by telescreens at all times. These telescreens are watching for anything out of the ordinary. Winston is constantly thinking rebellious thoughts while knowing the government is ""ungood"". The common English word ""bad"" translates into Newspeak as ""ungood"". The setting holds three superstates Oceania, Eastasia, and Eurasia who all have simmilar governments looking to gain ultimate power over the other two.As the book goes on Winston finds a co-worker and future lover Julia who thinks the same way as him. The two share thoughts and present them to O'Brien, a third worker who is believed to be in charge of ""Brotherhood"". Brotherhood is the rebel group who disagrees with Big Brother. Two weeks later we find out the secrets of Big Brother. Doublethink is the known method used by Big Brother to have a single person think to opposite thoughts and believe both. O'Brien tells us about doublethink with ""Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else,"" says O'Brien. "" . . . In the mind of the Party, which is collective and immortal. Whatever the Party holds to be truth is truth.""Orwell obviously was a strong believer in the warnings of a ""controlling American government""The book makes me think to myself could this all happen if the government became everything it has become throughout 1984."
"Set in the imaginary totalitarian state of Oceania, whose population is controlled in word, deed and thought of the Party, the menacing but unseen Big Brother, the Thought Police and all - pervading propaganda. The main character Winston Smith, tries to stand up for the truth and humanity but is broken by the system. 1984 is an anti-utopian novel that examines the dangers of totalitarian rule and the loss of individual freedom, which is arguably a satire on Stalin's USSR. It seems that governments will never learn the lessons from history..."
"As a sophomore in highschool, I read this book as a requirement as outside reading.  I couldn't put it down!  The concepts it talked about kept me thinking for hours, and I still think about them now!  Since then, I have read the book two more times, and still find new topics to discuss about government, privacy, and social orders.  If you like literature, history, and society, you must read this book!"
"Very good book, and certainly deep in terms of political ideas, but a  little slow in the middle, and the ending is too pessimistic.  ""We"" by Evgenii Zamiatin (which was written first) is similar and  though it has its own weeknesses is probably a better book overall.  Nevertheless 1984 is a thought provoking book and well worth reading."
"To all those kids out there who say, ""aw man, not Orwell, this is so  boring, I hate it, blah blah blah"" Grow up.  I'm only a freshman and I  loved this book.  Orwell has to be my favorite author of all time.  Animal  Farm and 1984 are two of the best books I have ever read in my life."
"A lot of schools assign this book to kids for their English classes.  I  wanted to point out that in a lot of ways, a person of that age can get  more out of this book than someone of a more advanced age...  High school  is one of the times in life when conformity, and the perceived importance  of fitting in, can be at  their most intense, and their most frightening,  as social forces.  This book takes those ideas, those forces, and magnifies  them by a thousand times.  Think about how scary it would be if you  literally had no libraries.  And not only your town would have no  libraries, but the WHOLE WORLD had all its records re-written every few  years, so the adult version of the popular kids (""The Party"" in  this book) could tell everyone what to think, who to hate, who to like...  I think this is a really terrific book to think over.  In a funny way, a  reader of that age might even want to compare it to Stephen King's  ""Carrie"" -- in Stephen King's book, a lot of the background to  the story is all about conformity, and how the good kids hate it, and some  of the bad kids seem to use it as a sort of funnel for hatred, to funnel  all that bad energy toward a few kids, to hurt them.  I think in this book,  Winston Smith could be seen as a parallel to Carrie (the character Carrie,  not the book), only, unlike Carrie, he ends up breaking down in the end.  This is not a fun, happy story, but I think a lot of kids would really  respect themselves a lot more if they make themselves actually think about  the story."
"It is a classic for a reason.  If after reading it you are not frightened  by what you are seeing on television then just read Amazon's new privacy  policy.  Big Brother does not need cameras and agents and room 101, you are  gonna tell him everything he wants to know to get a better deal online."
"THIS IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE BOOK!!!! I was born in 1987, so reading about  what someone thought the world was going to be like now in 1949 was very  interesting. George Orwell is me favorite author and this is one of his  best. If someone is considering buying this book- do! you'll be glad you  did."
"As a summer reading assignment, I was assigned this book to read and  appreciated Orwell's sense of imagination.  I reccomend this novel to  anyone who is interested in the world of make believe.  People who  appreciate descriptive writing will certainly enjoy reading this novel.  However, this novel will probably not appeal to people who enjoy novels  that tell stories.  I found the novel extremely boring because it is all  about Orwell's vision of an unstable society, it does not give the reader  the desire to read on."
"Attempting to read this book is worse than watching the grass grow. At  least the grass will become something you enjoy. The title and plotline of  the story intrigued me to read it. Don't get me wrong, if well-written,  this storyline could be very interesting. But even after just ten pages,  the only thought going through my mind was ""When will this guy shut up  and tell the story???"" The plot comes in a distant second to the  narrator's monotone, seemingly unending monologue. If I could withstand  this, I believe I would have enjoyed it. But forgive me for not having that  kind of patience for hundreds of pages."
"In a terrifying atmosphere of totalitarianism, Winston meets Julia, and a  romance begins. What follows is a description of the triumph of human  depravity. The government, which seeks power for its own sake, destorys any  human relationship that can be interpreted as a conflict of loyalty.  Everybody must be made to love Big Brother, even if the cost of this love  is the loss of dignity, freedom, and common sense. Based on Stalinist  Russia, Orwell's novel certainly has broader implications and is a warning  against complacently accepting what is being presented to us as real by the  powers that be.The book starts slowly. Orwell tries to set an ominous  mood for his readers. Unfortunately, Orwell is best when he does not try to  write around too much and goes straight to the point. So I recommend that  you press on, even if at the outset the book is not terribly exciting. You  won't find many characters in this book, but those you do find are done  pretty well by Orwell. The thrust of the book is, of course, social and  political. It makes you think. For example, why can't something like this  really happen, let's say in 2084? The answer to this, in my opinion, is not  simple. Orwell gave us a warning. We would be fools not to heed it."
"I first read Orwell's masterpiece for seventh grade summer reading in 1983  (got in right under the gun!).  It remains one of the key books of my  intellectual development.  1984 was the first book to get me to think about  the importance of the freedom of the individual, the dangers of mob  psychology and the evils of totalitarianism.Winston Smith is a member of  the Party, as is everyone else who isn't a ""prole,"" and like  everyone else, he lives ""from birth to death under the eye of the  Thought Police.""  Orwell builds up a gray and chilling world where  ""no emotion was pure, because everything was mixed up with fear and  hatred.""This is what Orwell imagined in 1949 would be the logical  extension of communism.  And look where we are, fully sixteen years after  the year 1984, with the video camera technology that can do effectively the  same thing as the Party's telescreens.  Imagine life with a TV that could  watch you while you watched it--a TV that could bellow at you to do your  calisthenics in the morning or face arrest!  That's what Big Brother is all  about, the absolute lack of privacy to enforce the absolute conformity of  action and thought--something to contemplate before tuning in one of those  cheesy ""real-life"" TV-ratings-grabbers.  In Orwell's 1984, there  was nothing to laugh about.Orwell's writing style is intentionally as  stark as the world he creates.  The narrator does a lot of telling as well  as showing, but this does not slow the pace.  I heartily recommend 1984 for  anyone over eleven who appreciates his or her freedom and individuality.  You may appreciate it far more once you have finished this book."
"Orwell's book, ""1984"" has been banned. It's actuallyone of the top 100 banned books of all time. Interesting, a book whose principal villian is Big Brother, a figment who controls society through an organization called the Thought Police, would be banned by none other than: government organizations here in the Land of the Free, Home of the Brave.  Or is it, ""Land of the Chained, Home of the Coward,"" I never can tell.Anyway, before I praise the book, I must tell you which organization led the way in banning Orwell's classic: The John Birch Society...An organization of people so far right-wing that they make George W. Bush look like Joseph Stalin. And what side of the political spectrum is supposed to hold the belief in less government and individual autonomy? Oops.So, the real value in this book is this: Orwell is telling us to fight against organizations with these ""divine"" attributes: omnipotence, omniscience, and omni-benevolence. In English: all-powerful, all-knowing, and all-good. Why is Orwell saying, ""fight these things?"" Well, what were the government's ministeries called in this book? They were the Ministry of Love, whose business was hate (that's all-loving); the Ministry of Truth, whose business was lies (that's all-knowing), the Ministry of Peace, whose business was war (that's all powerful) I believe there was another one, but it is not important.The point here is the message from the book. Orwell wrote this book not only as a warning against totalitarian government, but also against totalitarian religion. He was a socialist and an atheist. When the government says it knows what's best because it's the government and the government is all-knowing, then we've got problems. When the Fundamentalist says that he knows what's best for you because he knows God's word, which is written by God, and God is all-knowing, so if anyone knows what's best it's God, and the Fundamentalist knows what God wants, etc. You can follow the circular reasoning.This book has no other value other than to warn. As an update, Orwell's nightmare may occur some day, hopefully never. But look at these hopefully coincidental highlights: UN troops are called ""peacekeepers;"" there are three major powers in the world: The US, the EC, and China; fundamentalism is seeing a resurgence world-wide, while liberal religions that allow room for people with another faith, or no faith, are dying; the US government is spending trillions of dollars on a ""War on Drugs,"" this war can never be won and is being used as an excuse to destroy basic freedoms (police can now almost act with impunity as long as the alleged crime is somehow related to drugs).I could go on, but I have written enough, and the parallels are obvious already. George Orwell must be spinning in his grave."
"I adore George Orwell's works! He is a master of the satire, and can  convey humanity's greatest fears in his masterful storytelling. 1984 was no  exception. it could be called a ""what if"" book, to show the state  of the world had such and such occurred, a world where freedom is lost and  hope, and love, and all that is left is power, for power's sake. In this  desperate setting, Winston falls in love with Julia, both of them members  of the party which occupies itself with total control. surrounded by  posters, telescreens, all reminding that Big Brother is wathing, the two  hold onto their love. When they are captured, however, Winston is victim to  terrible tortures, ending in his renouncing his love, having been forever  altered in mind and body, a pure minion of the party without emotion for  the remainder of his life."
"I have trouble believing you're even looking at this page if you're not planning on (or required to) read Orwell's shocking and gut-wrenching  classic, but if for some reason you are, and you haven't read this, you  should.Among the most disturbing novels I've read in my life,  Orwell's' 1984 is a ""prophetic, nightmarish vision"" of the world which we  might have found ourselves in had we not been vigilant in defending our  personal rights.  In this world, freedom of expression is a moot point,  since freedom of thought has already been eliminated -- officials in a  mysterious government organization known only as ""The Party"" have reduced  the language of society to an abbreviated dialogue called Newspeak, which  decimates the vocabulary of the people, and makes the communication,  expression, or formation of many ideas impossible.  Using tactics of  artificial wars and group hate sessions to keep the public united, the  Party has perfected this complete censorship of society to an art -- even  the news is processed by the Party, allowing them to change the past,  present, and future as needed with a few taps on the keyboard.  Records are  meaningless unless they come from Party hands, and Party members are free  to revise records as needed.The nightmare that Orwell presents is a  world in which there is no truth to be found, because there is no  subjective view allowed to the individual. His vision is strengthened  in impact by his particularly strong writing and descriptive style -- one  particular scene focusing on mental torture (using rats!), and the use of  fear as a persuasive mechanism, is among the most disturbing I have ever  read, and will ever read.  If I enjoyed this novel, it was only in the most  morbid, shivering, appreciative sense, but I wouldn't have missed it for  the world, all the same.This book, in my mind, far surpasses the  supposedly comparable Brave New World."
"I read this book 5 years ago for an English book report.  I've never been able to forget it.  It's the haunting account of Winston Smith, an employee of the Ministry of Truth who hasn't forgotten the past, and who wants to  change the future.However, Big Brother is watching him.  Try as he  might, our hero is trapped in a totalitarian world where he faces  extermination if he wants to think as an individual and question the  government.Published in 1949 during the Cold War, Orwell puts a spin on  communism and totalitarianism that to this day makes my blood run cold.  I  shutter at the thought of our world ever becoming like Oceania, even in the  slighest bit.Highly recommended book for the whole world to read.  Let's  hope we never come to this."
"pobre winston, el hecho de que su memoria funcionara y de que no olvidara  las cosas lo ponia en un grave peligro.... y nosotros, que somos  constantemente espiados a tarves del telefono, de la internet, de las  camaras en las tiendas, eso a veces me pone a pensar que el autor no esta  tan lejos de la realidad como podria parecer, si se siguen usando los  avances tecnologicos para fines de vigilancia, terminaremos en una sociedad  sin privacidad donde un hermano mayor siempre estara observando nuestros  pasos paraque no nos descarriemos del camino que desde el momento de  nuestro nacimiento se nos ha impuesto. al final, el protagonista sucumbe a  su hermano mayor,  cuidado los hermanos mayores nos vigilan pero no hagamos  como winston, sigamos siendo unos rebeldes.... LUIS MENDEZ  crazzyteacher@hotmail.com"
"The only book that I have read that scared me as much as ""Transfer-the end of the beginning"" by Jerry Furland.  Just because one is paranoid it doesn't necessarily mean that someone isn't  really out to get you.  In this case it is the government."
"The essence of 1984 that carries it beyond mere fiction is Orwell's deep understanding of the totalitarian urge common to those who seek and wield political power.  Today we stand at the brink of a technological society  where the political levers of control and surveillance are far beyond  Orwell's darkest imaginings.  All that prevents their implementation is the  political calculus of the time.  As Jerry Furland has shown so vividly in  the novel ""Transfer"" the systems already exist to enslave each of  us.  We are left wondering when, not if, the political will to execute the  final transfer to a new Utopia will occur.  This is the dilemma of our  modern age."
"OK, maybe Mr. Orwell intended it to be this way, but it still doesn't hide the fact that this book moves incredibly slow compared to the author's other works.  I read this book because I remember thoroughly enjoying and  understanding Animal Farm years ago, and this work was recommended by  several of my friends.  If you want an unrealistic view of a future that is  totally morbid and depressing, check this out.  Yes, this is science  fiction, and just because some people call it a classic doesn't mean I like  it.  If you want some of the best in this genre, I recommend 'Dune', by  Frank Herbert, '2001:  A Space Odyssey', by Arthur C. Clarke, or 'Enders  Game', by Orson Scott Card."
"Possibly only equalled by Brave New World, 1984 is a dystopia which unfalteringly relays the full horror of dictatorship and social manipulation to the reader. This magnificent novel has an almost perfect  structure - Orwell has so delicately considered not only how this society  could arise (offering detailed explinations of new social ""super  powers"" and how dominace and political power could be successfully  sustained), but why. His successful attempt to offer the reader a  philiosophy of the nature of humankind, eventually distilled to the nature  of power, draws some disturbing, horrific conclusions. Orwell's philosophy  is that man dominates simply for the sake of power - the only, unchallenged  reason. His unsettling final symbol of the new order - a man's face being  crshed by a boot - is a symbol not only of totalitarianism, but of  political human misery, and all it's destructive connotations. An extremely  disturbing novel which must be read"
"While George Orwell felt that the time of totalitarian rule and the state  as unanswerable monolith would be the latter twentieth century, the  twenty-first century actually represents a better time for a slightly  different version of the timeline he would suggest.The technological  capability of monitoring almost every single household within a given area  is here now, although most people voluntarily share themselves with the  world via WebCam.  It is not a far-fetched idea, in terms of cost or  engineering, to monitor the civilian population of an entire country for  illegal behavior.  For a small fee, you can purchase your credit history  and address from online companies who have no reason to have such  information, and nothing bars them from sharing it with anyone who pays  that fee.Regardless of advances in fiber-optic communications, _1984_ is  first and foremost a story about government that acts solely to perpetuate  its own dominance, and this century offers as many opportunities for that  as past centuries.  Given enough pretext by a state of war or economic  collapse, the individual has no real chance against an organized enemy with  the power to oversee every aspect of his life.  If print journalism and its  less scrupulous cousin in television fails to call for an accounting of  government actions outside the vision of the individual, then the  government can move with impunity against the individual.Is this  paranoia?  The modern and well-educated American society that won the  Second World War allowed a alcoholic senator named Joseph McCarthy to  destroy private lives with unsupported accusations, ending only with his  accusation of Secretary of State and former Chief of Staff of the Army  George Marshall, entirely too respected for the accusation to pass  unanswered.  It would not happen in this current political climate, but I  suggest that it takes a lot less than you might believe to push government  prerogative closer to totalitarian authority.With all that said about  its cautionary value, _1984_ is one of the most clearly written novels in  the English language, and a model for anyone who wants to write with  economy and power.  It and its companion piece by Huxley, _Brave New  World_, should be read by everyone interested in protecting themselves  against the worst that social organization and technological progress can  offer."
"This book caught my attention by the first paragraph.  I had HUGE trouble putting it down.  The only thing that got me to put it down was the fact that I wanted it to last!  This is by far the best book I've ever read.  George Orwell put great thought into every aspect of this book.  The most  amazing thing is the technology that he accurately predicted like the  SpeakWrite (program in which you speak into a microphone, and it types up  what you're saying).If you like this book, you will probably like  Clockwork Orange, and vise versa.  They both have reminitions of Communism  ruling the world (which was a great fear and quite controversial idea for  that time), and they both have new languages, brutal police, and strong  governments.My only warning, is that this book contains parts that can  depress the easily depressable (like myself).  So read it, and  enjoy!"
"When i first read this book, i was in 9th grade and i was 15, now  admitedly, i haven't grown up that much since then, as i just started 10th  grade, but my feelings about this book have totally changed.  when i read  it, i hated it.  i thought it was just awful.  too sad.  but now i look  back, and i realize what a wonderful book it was, maybe not happy, but  good.  so true.  it had such a powerful message that couldn't be ignored.  i am now so glad that i read it.  i think that everyone should read it.  you may not find that it is the most entertaining thing that you have ever  read, but if you sit and think about the book, and then about society, you  would really see things in a totally different light.  it really opened my  eyes.  i really think that everyone should read this book.  you will never  regret it, in fact, you will be extremely pleased that you read it. there  is no way you couldn't be glad you read  it.  maybe you will be like me,  and you won't like it while you're reading it, but once you are done, you  will be glad that you read it.  so please, read it."
"Orwell, for a skinny accountant-looking Englishman who's real name is Eric Blair, you rock for this single shining moment in literature history.  Yeah, kudos to you.The nightmarish world of 1984 has yet to hit us yet,  though we are getting there sometime.  His world of Oceania is completely  thourough and believable, with many similarities in today's society.  It's  an Animal Farm for the real world, no metaphors, no representations, just  humans so idiots who didn't understand the latter can feel smart,  too.Winston, our hero, is almost a perfect mirror image of Orwell  himself, wandering around the plot and pointing out the ways people will  try to control you without even really trying to point it out.  It is  written so well it just speaks for itself.  It doesn't need to be  explained, it is understood at first glance.The world is alive with  sugar rations, forced morning exercises, paroles, betrayals, hipocrisy, and  chestnut trees (You'll understand all too well when you finish the  book).Winston sees cracks, deep and ominous, in his utopia and  eventually tries to rebel against it only to be ""re-educated"".  The book explores the meanings of truth, of history, of what really is for  our own good.From the first sentence to the last four words, this book  is one that will stay with you forever."
"1984 excellently depicts a negative utopia, a world in which government is everything and everywhere, and individuality means nothing.  A man named  Winston rises up to find the truth and to see through the government  coverups. Since the government is so allpowerful and corrupt, it allows  such people as Winston to rise up just for the joy of crushing them and  turning them into mindless believers.  1984 is like the other great  negative utopias, Brave New World and Farenheit 451, because in all books  the governemnt controls all aspects of life. However, Brave New World uses  material pleasures such as the drug somna to control it's citizens,  Farenheit 451 burns books to keep it's citizens ignorant, and 1984 uses  fear. In 1984 there are thought-police, people who can see you at any time  through TVs, even in your own home. They would arrest those who would even  just made 'face crime,' or not supporting the government even through just  one upset glance.  These three books are very exciting and while these  futures may or may not be happen, it shows us that the human spirit will  always strive for knowledge and individualism, even against impossible  odds."
"When Orwell originally wrote 1984, it was to be called 1948. This was  because he'd figured that by 1948 the world would be split into  ""superstates"", and all a form of some totalitarianism or other.  And a terrifyingly new kind of totalitarianism. One that utilizes  technology to invade the privacy of every one of it's citizens. Orwell gave  us the term ""big brother is watching"". And this is done by  cameras that are placed everywhere. Knowing it to be impossible for someone  to watch you 24 hours a day is small comfort when you never know when  you're being watched.  It bothers me that Orwell is not  considered to be one of the great authors of the 20th century, as he was so  adept at breaking down complex societies, and goverments into contexts that  most everyone can understand. Both in 1984, and Animal Farm.  1984 is the story about an average man who finds more and more that the  life he's leading, and the government he works for is wrong. Horribly  wrong. The society he lives in is sick. In time he discovers, through a  forbidden book, that the decades long war they've been fighting against the  other superstates is actually a fabrication based on the concept that war  can sustain an entire economy, because everything that a society produces  is destroyed. And that stoking the fears and hatreds towards the other  superstates can create a nucleus that a society can form it's self around.  We are versed on double-think, and  double-speak; where one can spout, and believe government rhetoric, all the  while knowing the truth right in front of their face. The book is endlessly  fascinating, well written, and deeply provocative. It is, after all, a  classic."
"George Orwell's 1984 is a riveting story of science-fiction where everyone is constantly watched and every move analysed.It is also, and more, a  sociological book about totalitarism.  It asks the question?: What if the  government could read your mind? How could they control your life?  What do  they need to do to control your life? How to they get you to think like  they do? The answer to all is by controlling the media.  You control the  information the public gets, then you can control their opinion. It is a  book about power and how bad it can get.  It also talks aboutthe different  classes in the society, how they act toward each other.  Even if the book  was written quite some time ago, the answers it provides are still quite  accurate, and that's what makes it such a powerful book."
"I would recommend this book to a reader who is looking for a highly  intelligent story. 1984 invisions a future where superpower governments  oppress the masses, killing off individual thought. Constantly watched by  cameras, people living in these superpowers are essentialy slaves. The  story is gripping and well written.  1984 is very similar to Brave New  World, these two ""utopias"" are both trying to eradicate  individuality. Brave New World tries to smother the individual with  material pleasures, whereas 1984 uses oppression and false truths to  achieve these ends.  The books focus on characters who rebel against  these governments. Their struggle for individuality ends in disaster, but  their struggles provide an interesting insight into the human soul."
"I think I first read ""1984"" when I was about 10, twenty-odd years ago.  I still have my old copy of it, a now highly tatty and  heavily-taped-up Penguin edition.  I remember wondering if it would come  true in four years time and being a bit worried about it.The thing about  ""1984"" is that it's such a weird bouillabaisse of critical  analysis, dystopian fantasy and Orwell's own personal obsessions.  All of  these things bounce off each other in the most tangled and confusing ways.  There's no doubt that many of the features of the book, such as the Two  Minutes Hate, have proved to be chillingly funny prophecies, when you  compare them to contemporary media phenomena such as the preposterous  reversal of Saddam Hussein's public image in the West when he made the big  mistake of invading a friendly country (from stern Friend of Democracy to  swarthy Satan in a matter of weeks, thanks to a lot of hard work by the  American press).  Newspeak, also, has a certain currency, when we think of  such phrases as ""friendly fire"" and ""precision  bombing"".But it has to be said that, if you're looking for a  clear and rational book about What, as Marvin Gaye would have said, is  Goin' On, then you have to conclude that Orwell's genius for fantasy  overrode his intelligence.  This book is suffused with Orwell's own  personal attitudes to a degree not often recognised.  The utter inability  of Winston Smith to find any real hope in the proles has been belied by the  persistence into the 21st century of popular dissent.  I'm talking about  things like the WTO riots and the use made of the internet (a technology  developed chiefly by the Pentagon, remember) as a tool for political  critique and activist organisation.  I'm even talking about the Romanian  revolution, in which one of the most downtrodden peoples in Europe rose up  and deposed - by which I mean, arrested and shot - one of the worst  dictators of the century.Orwell's fatalistic sense of the _totality_ of  evil is what's bad about the book, if you're looking for clear answers and  good thoughts, but on the other hand, if you read the book not as a dire  warning but as a satire, it's what's _good_ about it.  The pompous lectures  of O'Brien read more like the ramblings of a Sade character than as an  authentic account of what it is to want power at the turn of these  centuries.  The evidence is that most of the really powerful and dangerous  people in the world are not like O'Brien, in that they aren't in it for the  dubious pleasure of ""stamping on the human face forever"".  They're in it for money, sex and the thrill of feeling important.  This  makes them vulnerable.  This means they can be stopped.The other thing  that we tend to notice about ""1984"" is the pervasive nostalgia of  the book.  Orwell was not just born in to the middle-class; one some pretty  deep level, and despite his truly heroic efforts to change, he was marked  by its values and attitudes to the end of his life, and while this gave him  great strength, it also narrowed and sharpened his imagination.  The points  of value in this book are the old notebook, the half-forgotten nursery  rhymes, the piece of coral in the ancient paperweight.  Nothing new is  good.  Things fall apart as soon as bought (the Victory cigarette).This narrowness of imagination can seem to spoil the book, but _only_ as  long as we expect it to be some sort of honest effort to imagine life in  the future.  I sometimes wonder if Orwell meant people to take  ""1984"" as seriously as they do.  I think it's a brilliant, very  blackly comic fantasy, something Swift might have written if he'd lived to  see the concentration camps (and don't forget that Orwell wrote eloquently  and wittily about Swift; check out the essays and war broadcasts).I'm  still glad I read it 20 years ago, and I still read it today.  As a book  about the importance of a life without dirt, bad cigarettes, horrible food  and awful TV, it can't be beat.  As a ground plan for Media Studies, it's  superb.  As a prophecy?  Hmmm.  No.  It's a satire.  Take it as gospel and  you'll be crushed under its wheels; take it as a dark joke, and you can  gain strength from it."
"A wake up call!! This eerily prophetic book should serve as warning to all of the horrors of collectivist totalitarianism and of the seductive snares that lead us there. This books best value is a warning against collectivist totalitarianism. It is all the more scary, because of the stark parallel between the trilateral blocs of Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia and our world with the European Union and it's developing superstate counterparts, the American Union and Asian Union."
"Please don't think me arrogant, but I've always thought of myself as a rather capable reviewer of the modern novel.  I've read just about every kind of book I can think of(Orwell to Hemingway-London to Stevenson-King to  Koontz- and yes, even those trashy little pulp novels with stories of  witches and heroes)and have enjoyed in some manner or another almost every  one. But, fellow readers, if I was forced to choose a single book, just one  to promote to those people eager to turn pages, it would be George Orwell's  classic story of Oceania. ""1984"" From its first paragraphs to the  final four words, this book grabs the reader's attention and just refuses  to let go. Orwell's story deals with a man named Winston, an employee at  Oceania's Ministry of Truth, who is responsible for the almost daily  altering and destruction of historical documents and photographs in an  effort to serve the political interests of a group known simply as  ""the Party."" With such activities as ""Hate Week"" and  public slogans like ""War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is  Strength"" the forementioned party keeps to its philosophy of  Totalitarianism with a firm and painful grip.  And I won't forget to  mention the leader of it all, a pseudo-religious figure named Big Brother  who never fails to rid Oceania of its more troublesome citizens with the  help of the infamous ""Thought Police,"" an elite and cruel  gestapo-like police force charged with the task of making those citizens of  Oceania brave or foolish enough to speak ill of ""the Party's""  policies or even look unsatisfied at home(their is human as well as  mechanical surveillance everywhere)disappear in a discrete and timely  manner. ""1984"" seems more like a hint, a prediction if you will,  of a future disturbingly possible(it was written in 1949).  The book moves  at a quick pace and even the most casual reader would have little trouble  with the language. Don't miss this one folks. It's definitely worth the  time."
"George Orwell's classic was incredibly visionary. It is hardly fathomable that this book was written in 1948.  Things that we take for granted today - cameras everywhere we go, phones being tapped, bodies being scanned for  weapons remotely - all of these things were described in graphic detail in  Orwell's book.Now that we have the Internet and people spying on other  people w/ webcams and people purposely setting up their own webcams to let  others ""anonymously"" watch them, you can see how this culture can  develop into the Orwellian future described in ""1984.""If  you've heard such phrases as ""Big Brother,"" ""Newspeak,""  and ""thought crime"" and wondered where these phrases came from,  they came from this incredible, vivid and disturbing book.Winston Smith,  the main character of the book is a vibrant, thinking man hiding within the  plain mindless behavior he has to go through each day to not be considered  a thought criminal. Everything is politically correct, children defy their  parents (and are encouraged by the government to do so) and everyone pays  constant allegiance to ""Big Brother"" - the government that  watches everyone and knows what everyone is doing at all times - watching  you shower, watching you having sex, watching you eat, watching you go to  the bathroom and ultimately watching you die.This is a must-read for  everyone."
"I recall the flurry of TV and print documentaries that appeared in 1984, all striving to answer the question ""How close are we?"" I thought that generally they missed the point.Yes, Orwell's classic was ostensibly about Totalitarianism, but on a deeper level, it is all about  control. 'He who controls the past, controls the present' is Orwell's  brilliant insight. And, as such, his thesis is applicable to an  astonishlingly wide variety of modern situations.How do ...  religious leaders get their followers to blindly accept everything they  say? Simple application of doublethink, though policing and control of  information. How do modern conglomerates get away with collecting and  selling your personal information? Tell you that its all for your own  protection, that's how.1984 is a brilliant, timeless book. It explores  the strange quirks of human psychology that make it inevitable that we will  always be controlled. And, to this day, it still sounds a prescient  warning."
"Well here we are in 2000, the year 1984 just a memory. Our fears of Orwell's book being a prophecy fully abated.Like most people I first read this book in school. Like most people I came away with the idea that the collectors of information will end up like Big Brother. I too cried  '1984' when the government tried to collect even more info on us.Shortly after Princess Diana's death, though, I read this book for a  second time. I then realized that we have been looking for 'Big Brother' in  all the wrong places. Big Brother isn't the collector of information, he is  the controller of information. Who controls information today? The media.  Compare Princess Diana's life to Winston's.Very good book. Well worth reading again  as an informed adult. At least that is this proles opinion."
"A while back I started listening to a record by Radiohead. At first two songs really struck me as ""Whoa"" but I couldn't figure out why. I listened to the rest of the songs and they soon struck me as  ""Whoa."" I continued listening and I wanted to know what other  people thought. I found a comparison between the book Nineteen Eighty-Four  and this album. I didn't read anything more than the idea because I knew  that I wanted to investigate for myself. I read the book and for the  longest time I could not figure out any minute connection between the two.  I listened day and night and eventually it made itself clear. OK Computer  is the soundtrack to 1984. Each song has some relation to this book. This  book is great, and everyone should read, while listening to radiohead.  yeah."
"This book is very engrosive and is what I consider ""literature."" In my mind literature is what makes you think.  And take my word for it, it definetly makes you think."
"Excellent, Thought-provoking.I was assigned this book in an English course.  Years later, I read it again.  I will most likely do so again.Winston Smith, the main character, is a man who lives in constant  fear of the Government.  His job is to break down the langauge we once had  into smaller words.  History is kissed goodbye....Yet Winston holds on.  He  doesn't want to be subjected to the vision of the party.  He holds on to  what he remembers...will Big Brother catch on?  You will have to read this  book to find out!"
"George Orwell's classic '1984' was absurd to me when I first read it in 1984 at the tender age of sixteen. Now, at twice that age, I realize how close we really are to the horror he envisioned. It is a cynical and  depressing look at how weak the human spirit really can be. Even now, it is  appalling to see my generation sacrifice liberty for security at every  turn. The novel leads you along expecting the best for our protagonist, but  in the end his doom is sealed not by his own unwillingness to fight, but  the unwillingness of mankind. A society where people would gladly live in  shackles (even in the metaphorical sense) rather than make a stand for the  right to live free, is not so hard to invision. The society described in  Orwell's nighmarish future is only off by a few generations...we are on the  road to ""doublethink"". WAR IS PEACE, FREEDOM IS SLAVERY,  IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH. This novel should be read by all high school  students, and read again by all parents."
"Just how far off was Orwell with the possibilities that communism presented.  This novel was written so far ahead of its time its scary.  Even today, many years after 1984, we are reminded of this story through  qoutations of the book that have become everyday sayings.  I would tell you  more but I mustn't doublethink, Big Brother is watching.  Read the book,  because when you've finished you'll want to read it again."
"George Orwell's novel 1984 is an intriguing piece ofliterature.  It is interesting, inspiring, and terrifying all at thesame time.  Published in 1949, the novel's unyielding dystopian realism gives a warning that concerns the menaces of totalitarianism that Orwell feared could completely grip the world in the near future. The novel is set in an imaginary future world that is dominated by three constantly warring totalitarian police states.  The novel's hero, Wnston Smith, is a minor party official in the Ministry of Truth, where the motto is, ""he who controls the past controls the future, and he who controls the future controls the past."" Ironically, it is Winston's relentless longing for 'truth' and decency that leads him to secretly rebel against the government and its esteemed leader, Big Brother.  In doing so, Smith becomes involved in a love affair with a like-minded by the name of Julia.  Together, with the purpose of overthrowing the totalitarian government, they join an underground organization called the Brotherhood.  Unfortunately, they are both apprehended by the Thought Police shortly after their admission into the organization.  The ensuing imprisonment, torture, and reeducation of Winston and Julia are intended not merely to make them submit or to break them physically, but to root out their independent mental existence and spiritual dignity to the point that they betray the only thing that they have ever loved: each other. This novel made a deep impression on me.  Orwell does an excellent job of getting his warning across while at the same time touching on romance and the natural instincts of the human heart.  The daunting part about reading this novel is that it is very realistic and possible.  1984 is a novel that should be read by everyone, and the warning that it gives should be heeded.  By Alicia Crawhorn"
"The book is a fantastic read of Orwell's projection of a future in which three totalitarian governments (all equivalent) rule the earth.  I would say the book has two sections, the story, which follows an Outer Party  member's struggle to rebel, and philosophy, which is Big Brother's  Manifesto (or, one could say, Goldstein's but really they are one and the  same).  The book puts the story on hold when Winston, the protagonist,  reads the manifesto; I would say that there is flow problem with the abrupt  nature of this switch.  Certainly the Manifesto is endemic to the book and  provides another perspective and history of the rise of Oceania, the state  in which Winston lives."
"As gripping and wrenching now as it was on my first reading in 1972.  For old film buffs there is a black and white production with Richard Burton  and Fred Hurt.  Also excellent.  A modern dystopian tale available on  Amazon, ""Transfer"", by Jerry Furland, portrays a new tyranny not  unlike Orwell's in it's ubiquity.  ""Transfer"" is stunninglyfrsh  and topical.  Like Orwell, Furland's impact is a mirror of the reader,  hated or loved, but never hohum.  Check it out.  But hit Animal Farm before  you leave Orwell:)"
"This book has, quite literally, changed my life. After reading it, my outlook on life is completely different. This book opened up my mind to the importance of the individual in society and the true evils of  totalitarianism (when done incorrectly). This is scarier than any  ""horror"" book ever written, because almost all of it is possible  (and much of it has already happened). A true masterpiece, this should be  required reading for every human being on the planet."
"Fantastic book... definitely on my favorite list.  Orwell's allegorical vision of the ultimate totalitarian government and the twisted utopia that it creates is amazing in its unapologetic realism.  Dark and absorbing,  it's a simply beautiful piece and a definite must-read."
I realy loved this book. It was eventive and had good ending (which surprised me)The charecters were well thought out and had recognizable (for lack of better words) emotions.THis is one of my favourite books.
This book only plays with our mind.
"The novel is written beautifully, and it makes a bold statement about humanity...  The government has developed its own language, is at constant war with the other two superstates, and watches its citizens at all times.  Each superstate has an identical government, one that is at perpetual war  in order to gain complete power over its citizens.  The process used to  gain absolute power is one used by past, present, and future dictators,  such as Stalin, Mussolini and Hitler.  The nation manipulates its citizens  into convenient modes of thinking.  However, instead of only using  propaganda techniques, they also use Newspeak and telescreens.  Newspeak is  the official language of Oceania, and has its sole purpose in abolishing  all independent thought.  This is done by drastic reduction of vocabulary,  by getting rid of unnecessary words and synonyms.  (Example:  the word bad  is replaced by the word 'ungood.')  The telescreens monitor each citizen at  all times, watching for any action, word, or possible thought that could be  unorthodox.  These two Orwell inventions were foretelling, we see the  equivalent of Newspeak every day in present society when we are  ""politically correct.""  Telescreens are present in nearly every  business, and sometimes in our own homes.  Orwell was obviously warning  America and all other countries about the control of totalitarian  governments.  The reader is introduced to the metaphysical philosophy  behind 1984.  A government not unlike present ones is at the head of  Oceania, and that is where the reality of 1984 becomes evident.  The sole  manipulative technique used by Big Brother is one that is virtually  unrecognizable, mental manipulation.  Metaphysics, or the belief that there  is existence beyond our comprehension, is represented by Big Brother when  the reader learns about doublethink, the power of holding two contradictory  beliefs in one's mind simultaneously and fully accepting both.  Doublethink  and metaphysics are the engines behind the three world governments, and is  defined by O'Brien.  ""Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere  else,"" says O'Brien. ""  In the mind of the Party, which is  collective and immortal.  Whatever the Party holds to be truth is  truth.""  The book reminds us of what has gone wrong, what can go  wrong, and what will go wrong when government becomes all-powerful.  It is  because of this political and social insight that 1984 is one of the best  books of all time."
"George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four creates a nightmarish regime of totalitarian terror in which the protagonist, Winston Smith, lives an uncomfortable and fearful existence under the watchful eye of a seemingly  benevolent despot known as 'Big Brother' and his infamously brutal 'Thought  Police'. The novel conveys its themes and ideas by providing an insight  into the life and mind of Smith, a secret rebel working in the propaganda  department of Big Brother's omnipotent 'Party' - a tyrannical political  organisation that also encompasses the middle and upper classes of the  entire society. It is a story in the genre of classic science fiction  novels that delineate the plight of individuals who seek freedom from the  oppression of futuristic authoritarian dystopias; most notably Aldous  Huxley's ""Brave New World"", Ray Bradbury's ""Fahrenheit  451"", and Anthony Burgess's ""A Clockwork Orange"". Like the  authors of these other famous books George Orwell was influenced by the  physical and ideological struggles that characterised the two World Wars of  the 20th Century; inspiring his rational philosophies and views on the  political concepts of nationalism, socialism, communism and fascism. As a  result the totalitarian terror and intense ideological debate invoked by  the text does not make for light reading, but the novel is an acknowledged  literary masterpiece that is recommended to all mature readers."
"Yes, this book is, indeed, prophetical, but I beleive Orwell was also trying to show us that we are already blinded by our society and government. He chose to have Winston have the same way of thinking that  your average, modern American Joe Blow would have, and then show you at the  end how the rest of society thinks.Look deep within yourself and you  will see that you are caught up in the materialistic madness. Orwell isn't  a pessimist; he is a realist.Beautifully poetic, classical, and polital  read. If you have not read this book, then buy it. Now. It is ABSOLUTELY,  ABSOLUTELY a must read."
"I live in the UK, a place where the world depicted in 1984 are slowly turning from fiction to fact. Newspeak is being introduced by the government. And in the aftermath of a recent inquiry, children are being encouraged to grass on their parents for untoward language. 1984 was not  just a novel but a prophecy of a totalitarian society facist or communist,  we don't know exactly what, but both are as bad as each other, this book is  a warning of extremism turning into barbarity an an assault on the basic  liberties of man, that is freedom of thought, speech and activity, if any  of those are compromised, even in the pursuit of a ""better""  society, then there has been a breach of liberty. As Vladimir Putin said  last week, ""It is your  right and a duty to dream""."
"A frightening look at what might have happened at the end of World War II, ""1984"" provides a fascinating look at a fictional society that is the PERFECT dictatorship. The Party is all-knowing, its citizens under  complete control, and the truth is subject to the party's wishes. It would  be impossible to overthrow the Party. A very disturbing book."
"It was quite edifying to read the reviews, as you may read, preaching the book's outdated prophesy and it's over exagerated message, yet when I looked at where these poor souls inhabited I laughed.  We are presented with people from the  United States to England to Canada slandering a man  who beautifully wrote an inspirational attack on that which would prevent  you from living in such a lifestyle as you most likely do live in or want  to live in. If you have never lived under tyranny how could you know?  Now  please forgive my hypocritical words for I am only sixteen but this along  with other books has opened my mind to something so great and terrible.  The more I look at who should be my fellow brothers and sisters the more I  think about this novel's relevance.  I see how easily one can except  anything presented with a superficial answer and how much hate is spread  through pride.  From the ""Two Minute Hate', and 'Big Brother' to the  'Telescreen' and the last four words of the novel, this book is a  clearer  mirror than any other to view our own times, all throughout time, no longer  bolstered up with impressions and controversy."
"Have you ever thought what it would be like to have a central government monitor everything you do?  To live in a world where you are limited in what you could say, or even think?  Or how would you feel if your government assigned you to a partner, and you had to breed, for the sake of  the government and nothing more.  In the book 1984, by George Orwell, a  character named Winston Smith lived in a society very similar to this.  He  lived in the city called Oceania, during the year 1984.  The book centered  around Winston's life in this communist-like society.  His life and  everyone else's around him was controlled by someone or something only  known to them as ""Big Brother.""  They were surrounded by signs constantly  reminding them that ""Big Brother is Watching.""  Telescreens, or 2 way TV  screens were mounted in almost every room, and street.  Microphones were  everywhere, monitoring every step you took.  They lived their lives in  constant fear that they would do something wrong, which would surely  sentence them to the wrath of the Thoughtpolice, a task force organized by  the ""Party,"" to keep order.  This ""Party,"" supported, and represented Big  Brother.  A modified version of the English language called Newspeak was  developed which completely centered around ""The Party"".  Its vocabulary was  limited to words that only supported the Party.  All other words were  eliminated.  I thought this was a very good book.  It was written  very well, with strong imagery, and an interesting plot.  It was a quick  read, despite it's 300 pages.  It touches on everyone's fears of communism,  and gives you a different look at government."
"1984 is a very creative and well written book, Winston Smith the main character who is an insignifacant member of the ruling party in London in the nation of Oceania.  Everywhere he goes he is video taped by cameras of the so called ""Big Brother"" party.  This books talks about  Winston on how he thinks what the ""Big Brother"" does is unfair. I  enjoyed reading this book, it was very creative and well written.  It makes  me appreciate what I have in life.  I also woundn't like the situation that  Winston is put by being watch all the time.  I reccommend this book to  people who are willing to sit threw some boring parts and who love science  fiction.  Overall it was a good book, but I don't think Iam ever going to  want to read this book again."
"1984 is a very creative and well written book, Winston Smith the main character who is an insignifacant member or the ruling party in London in the nation of Oceania.  Everywhere he goes he is video taped by cameras of the so called ""Big Brother"" party.  This books talks about  Winston on how he thinks what the ""Big Brother"" does is unfair. I  enjoyed reading this book, it was very creative and well written.  It makes  me appreciate what I have in life.  I also woundn't like the situation that  Wiston is put by being watch all the time.  I reccommend this book to  people who are willing to sit threw some boring parts and who love science  fiction.  Overall it was a good book, but I don't think Iam ever going to  want to read this book again."
"This book is skillfully written, intrusting, and entertaining. It is not a difficult read, but is not oversimplified in its language, and despite being written in 1949 the story and language do not seam dated (this, I  consider it worth noting is the opinion of a high school student, who read  this book voluntarily, rather than for school.) The books image of life in  a society, that is an example of a communist society as it is most commonly  perceived, though is certainly not a society that follows the equality  based principals of communism (no 'communist' nation ever has). The story,  in summery, is definitely worth reading, and I would recommend it to anyone  over the age of 14. (Worth is that I read, and liked, Animal farm, though I  do not consider it to be nearly so good a book as 1984. I would recommend  that to anyone as young as 12, due to the simplicity of its language."
"What else is there to say? Even those that didn't like this book must at least concede that it's extremely well-written - and I would wager that the overwhelming majority of those that didn't like this book are either 1) too  young, or 2) simply didn't understand it.1984 is one of the classics of  Western literature. If you're going to read an Orwell novel, read this  before Animal Farm. Read both, but read 1984 first. It's entertaining and  incredibly engaging."
This book is incredible.  It is almost haunting how close to home some of it hits.  You must read it for yourself to truly understand how startling it is.
"Unlike ""Animal Farm"", this book isn't inspired solely by the Soviet Union. The totalitarianism described in the book is very different from every-day life in Socialist countries while not lacking some  coincidental similarities.You are going to see a totalitarian regime  through the eyes of a small party official. You'll get introduced to his  every-day life and work, and see him starting to have strange thoughts that  he's actually not supposed to think.Orwell's world is much worse than  the Soviet Union ever was. I must warn you that some very brutal scenes are  described in detail and are really hard to take. The end is very Orwellian  - too abrupt and somewhat disappointing.The movie was pretty good, too."
"This book is very good as a piece of propaganda. It fails as a gripping story. I found Aldous Huxley's Brave New World a far more compelling read, or if you want a real dystopean nightmare try Slaughterhouse 5 by Kurt Vonnegutt. 1984 starts well, but by the final chapters it seems we are  reading Orwell's own anti totalitarean attitudes and the story has been  left to the side. This book is worth reading, but I wouldn't accept other  reviewers comments that this is the best book in the world."
"1984 was the most mind-boggling book I read. George Orwell'simagination captivated the mind throughout the novel. One constantlyforgot that Orwell was a man of the 1940s writing his view of what the world would be like in 1984. It was amazing to read Orwell's perception of the future in such vivid detail.  This is the story of an entirely new world. Just as people thought that the world would become utter chaos in our far future, the year 2000, George Orwell believed that in his far future, 1984, there would only be three superstates in existence: Eastasia, Eurasia, and Oceania and the world would live under complete government control. ...The totalitarian government present in Orwell's novel is in many ways similar to those which have existed throughout history in Russia, China, Germany, etc. It is fascinating to think how Orwell was impacted by the events going on around him. This novel was the means by which George Orwell warned the nations of the possibility of complete loss of individualities and freedoms. 1984 screams to be read by all. It is a disturbing leap into the reality that these circumstances could come to be, but it is also a novel of great imagination and creativity and tells a story that one could never forget."
"This book had a profound effect on me. It showed me how all thought is subjective, and showed me the fear of a totalitarian society. If you ever have the time of day, please read this book. And remember, two and two  makes five..."
"I loved this book.  I reccomended it to everyone I met.  I went to a restaraunt yesterday and reccomended it to 15 people, yes 15.  I choose a book every year. A book that I am going to analyze, this year it was 1984.  I love this book I just really really love it.  For any7 read this is the  perfect book.  For Sci-Fi, for Histroical readers, even me, a fantasy buff  find it wonderful!Any way I will leave fellow readers to decide its true  worth!"
"We thoroughly enjoyed 1984 by George Orwell, and feel that is it a warning to citizens of the consequences of power.  The novel provided an eye-opening account of the affects on the individual in a totalitarian  system.  Orwell vividly depicts the loss of individualism and the  conformity that results among the citizens when government is given too  much power.  We recommend this book to all high school students because it  not only deals with the harsh reality of the government, but also with the  feelings of the narrator, Winston Smith, towards the system.  1984 has  encouraged us to take an active role in our government as voters, and has  helped us to realize the full extent of our freedoms in the USA."
"This is the second time I've been forced to read this book for aclass, and I have to ask, ""What's the point?"" Maybe if you live in a country that's a monarchy, this book's worth reading, but this is *America*, ok?  The whole reason we live in a democracy is so that we the people don't have  to worry about things like this.  ""Brave New World"" played up the  science fiction aspect of it's ""futuristic"" setting ,and I  thought that book worked much better. Orwell's lecturing on politics was ok  one time around (""Animal Farm""), but this book gets so bogged  down in a million issues that just don't matter (""double-speak?""  Who cares how people choose to talk-- we should be able to talk to each  other however we want) and gets lost. If you want to read Orwell when he  actual has something to say, try ""The Road to Wigan Pier,"" which  acutally is enlightening, not this preachy homily of something that never  happened. It's 2000. 1984 was a bad movie with Michael J. Fox."
"Of the two great Dystopian novels, (Brave New World being the other)this one is my favorite.  It is a story of a man dealing with his own thoughts about freedom versus oppression, and also an analysis of how Communism has  gone bad (dictatorships) and where it could potentially take us.  But how  different is Oceania from our own society?  Think of all the surveillance  cameras you see and the idea of hate crime (which invades the thoughts of  people, to find what they were thinking).  1984 is prophetic about China  and the Soviet Union yet, it also tells something about America and our  ""freedom"", showing us that no government is going to give you  true freedom.  The beginning and end of the book are the best parts, the  middle is a little weaker, due to the development of a love story (I am  still iffy on whether or not the love story part of this book actually  harms the book at all).  Anyway, it is a great book for anyone and it is  highly recommended."
"1984 should be read by all, in fact this and Animal Farm should be required reading in every single classroom in America.  My God how this book is important!  Everyone should read it for the knowledge it provides  and the warnings it puts forth."
"I finally got round to reading this 'classic', and I must say I wasn't too disappointed, as up until now I've disliked nearly all the so called classics I've read. The first two parts of the book are largely mediocre-  Orwells writing style has never really been particularly special and the  world and characters he depicts are somewhat clumsy.  It is only  upon reading the final part of the novel that this book rises above the  crowd, as Orwell firmly clarifies the message of the book, not only  depicting the true horror of an omnipotent dictatorship, but also the  systematic manipulation of information and fact to it's ultimate extreme.  This latter point has tremendous relevance as it does occur in western  societies, hence in America words such as 'liberal' have had their meaning  altered by the media to the point at which they become non descriptive,  merely remaining as a form of abuse. This use of language manipulation is  revealed in the book to be the final step in ultimate control- to  manipulate peoples actual ability to think.  The book does leave the  reader with much to ponder, and indeed many will take different messages  away from it, though I must admit how anyone who has read the whole book  can go away thinking that it was merely a straight forward attack on  communism, is beyond me. Left, right and centre poltics are all capable of  using the methods warned against in this book, and have all done so to a  certain degree.  Overall, well worth reading."
"1984 is perhaps one of the best books i have read- Not for It's literature. Although it is fantastically written, it resounds with warning. Anyone who sees this book as simply ""a book about communism"" may  as well set the book ablaze, for he has already destroyed it's message. The  book tells of humankinds self-enslavement, where people are nothing more  than machines doomed to produce and consume endlessly for the sake of  further production and consumption. The only prevailing human emotions are  greed, hate, distrust, sorrow, and loyalty to invisible characters. Any  word, thought, action, or a mere facial expression that might make other  Party Members nervous results in instant termination. History is  nonexistant in the sense as we know it. The Party controlls all records-as  the slogan goes ""who controls the past controls the future; who  controls the present controls the past."" There is no escape. The book  does not give a solution to the enslavement, but in its bold and  frightening forecast, gives the reader the means to prevent it. Never let  yourself be silenced. I highly reccomend this book."
"Orwell understood the why, the what, and most importantly, the who of post modern tyranny.  He is a conflicted and tortured man.  A man who exposed his own deepest beliefs in ""progressive"" politics and plumbed the depth of the consequences.  In the year 2000 Orwell is joined by Jerry  Furland, Claire Wolfe, Vin Supranowizc, Neal Boortz, David Horowitz and  many others in warning us of the dangers of blindly following the newspeak  of the Utopian Left.  They are with us today.  Just as deadly and just as  implacable.The Clintons are, in essence, the quintessential inner party  dictators.  Gore is a bland understudy.  This is still, half a century  later, political dynamite."
"What if there was someone watching your every move? For Winston Smith, this was a reality. A radical political party, simply called the Party, had taken control of life in Oceania. Its citizens had no choice but to mindlessly follow the reign of terror. Winston and his lover, Julia, banded together to secretly revolt against the Party's authority. Orwell's 1984 is a disturbing warning, forcing people to examine the freedoms they take for granted. This book is a haunting shadow of what may have been. Although the novel was lengthy, it is interesting, thought-provoking, and worth the time. I would recommend this book to readers who enjoy taking a closer look at themselves and their own society."
"Okay, it was kind of thought-provoking, and I do admit that comparing the ""unpersons"" to the exile of Moses in the movie The Ten Commandments was interesting, but the book lost its intellectuality after a quarter way through it.  The beginning was interesting, though morbid, but it just goes downhill.  The main character, Winston, daydreams about raping Julia, who later becomes his dirty mistress.  Then about a hundred pages later, they get caught by the Thought Police, thrown into ""prison,"" and are brain washed.  That's pretty much what happens.I just finished printing out my summer book report for this book.  If in honors English they gave you a choice between this book and a book about a snail slithering across pavement, I would pick the latter.  I think it's absolutely disgusting that just about every book that we had to read in freshman English had sex in it.  The one book that didn't have sex in it was To Kill a Mockingbird, but then that had accused rape in it (that was actually the one book I liked).  I'm tempted to raise my hand on the first day of class and ask who was the idiot who decided that we should read this book, but I think it may have been the teacher I'm going to get.  Hehehe..."
"To see some rather disturbing indications that Orwell should be shelved somewhere between fiction and non-fiction, have a look at ""When Corporations Rule the World"" and ""Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television"".Most people dwell on the political aspects of 1984, naturally enough, but I'd like to reiterate the perhaps obvious point that Orwell is a really fine writer.  Many of his wry descriptions had me laughing aloud.  Mark Twain's classic definition of a classic is ""a book that everyone wants to have read, but no one wants to read.""  1984 is a counterexample, a classic that is both eminently readable and well worth reading (unless you completely trust giant interlocking bureaucracies to look after your personal interests)."
"It is perfect and brilliant in all areas. 1984 is also one of the most misunderstood books of all time. It wasn't simply a Stalinist bash or a sequel to Animal Farm (philosophically, not literally). It was both those things, but it was, and is so much more. In a nightmarish future, Winston Smith is just an average citizen of Airstrip One. He works at the Ministry of Truth, he spends his evenings at the community center, he even helps his neighbor when the plumbing goes bad. Yet there is turmoil in Winston's mind. He hates Big Brother, he hates Oceania and Airstrip One, and he wants simply to be human. But in his society, these thoughts are a crime. Now Big Brother is a TV show, but here it is no entertainment: it demands your thinking. 1984 has been liberally borrowed from (the Command and Conquer video game series, The Matrix, that TV series, etc.) and is more than a political novel: to call it that narrows its scope. It is an inflection on humanity and the human spirit, and a look at that age-old dissenting philosophy. Yet the way O'Brien just attacks everything Smith believes in late in the book just makes you wonder about what you believe in. Truly monumental, and I can't write a review on a great work and stay coherent. Enjoy."
"this is an amazing book. although it's non-fiction, it almost scares you into beleiving that you're living in their society. very thought-provoking, and very powerful. hard to believe that it was written so long ago."
"Eric Arthur Blair, under the pen name of George Orwell, wrote 1984 because of his concern of the spread of communism. It is a dark, gothic look at what society could become if the spectre of communism led to totalitarianism. Essentially, it is a more graphic and adult version of his Animal Farm, with people. It is told by a nameless narrator who knows all the goings-on in the world of the future, and follows the life of a middle-aged citizen of Oceania, Winston Smith, who is an employee in the Ministry of Truth. 1984 is not plot-driven, nor is it based on character development (these aspects are still present, however). The primary focus of the book is the setting. We are given the world as it could have become in 1984. Of course, we are not in a situation like that, but the threat of such a situation is still present. This differentiates it from other books, although there is never a reason to dislike or fear something new before trying it. Orwell believed it to be the most effective way to explain the world of 1984, and I think it is effective. If the focus were on the characters or the plot, a high proportion of the messages would have to be interpreted, rather than explained in detail. Different interpretations could mean that certain events make no sense, and discussion would be difficult. Some people may have missed some meanings altogether. By explaining his 'apocalyptic' vision of the future in complete detail, Orwell is able to get the entirety of his message to his readers. Orwell is a very articulate and imaginative writer. The world he depicts is divided into three world powers - Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia. The Party controls Oceania, the setting of the novel. Big Brother (a parallel to Napoleon from Animal Farm, or Stalin in real life) is at the apex of the social pyramid. He is the father-figure worshipped by the citizens. The Inner Party comprises 2% of the population, and the Outer Party 15%. The remainder consists of the dumb masses, or 'proles'. Any sign of unorthodoxy is dealt with swiftly and harshly by the Thought Police (a parallel to the dogs, the American secret service or Russian KGB). The telescreens that are planted in the walls receive and transmit information simultaneously. The Thought Police use these to keep their citizens under surveillance. Children are turned against their own parents through the use of spy camps and worship of Big Brother. 1984 is partially a look at how easily children can be manipulated and what happens when it goes wrong. Ironically, the people with the least intelligence are given the highest degree of freedom. They do not pose a threat. The chances of an uprising are non-existent because the proles believe anything they are told, and do not take material facts into consideration. Three of the Party's main slogans: 'War is Peace', 'Freedom is Slavery' and 'Ignorance is Strength' are swallowed without question by the majority of the population. The reasons for this, and how the Party pulls it off, are explained in detail later on. The Party was meticulous in its planning. Any totalitarian system requires a scapegoat. In Oceania, it is Emmanuel Goldstein (John Lenin), the subject of the Two Minutes Hate. The Brotherhood is the rebel group that follows Goldstein's teachings, and undermines the Party at any opportunity. The narrator shows us the thoughts that run through Winston's mind, and how he longs for freedom of thought. He meets the book's loveinterest, Julia, whom he disgusts at first glance and lusts after, due to his own failed marriage and her beauty. She wears a chastity scarf, symbolising her (supposed) contempt for sex, part of the reason for his lust - he believes he can never have her. The message here is the desire for that which is forbidden. He later learns that Julia is a rebel, but in a different way, ""only from the waist down"", according to Winston. They find a secret hiding place without a telescreen, and are invited to join the Brotherhood by O'Brien. As it turns out, this is when their troubles truly begin. Orwell describes in detail how the Party came into power, its motives and its true objectives. The full implication and repercussions of these revelations are unfurled in the final riveting part of the novel. However, there are flaws in the exploration of the society. We are not given a sufficient view into the eyes of the older generation that lived through the Revolution. Winston only questions one old prole in a pub, and appeared to give up his inquiry too early. 1984 is a very mature book, and I would only recommend it to people who can grasp similar concepts. If the reader is too young, they may dismiss the book as boring. It may seem so at first, but the novel will make more sense with some thought and, possibly, subsequent readings. If you enjoyed Brave New World, you will enjoy 1984, and even if you didn't, you may still like it. This is a philosopher's book."
"George Orwell's 1984 is not a prediction of the future, but more of a warning of where mankind could be heading. Written in the year 1948, this book is a satiric statement of what might come to pass if people did not take action against the problems facing the world. These problems include totalitarianism, fascism, and - most importantly - the use of language to alter thought. This form of mind-control is what gives a lasting impression on anyone who reads this book. Humans are separate from the animal kingdom because of their ability to grasp abstract concepts (love, hate, etc.) In 1984, people no longer have any privacy, the ruling class spy into their homes, and frighteningly - their THOUGHTS. Anyone guilty of a thought-crime (harboring thoughts against the government) is tortured until they ""reconsider."" They are eventually brainwashed through this torture, and the final result is a citizen drained of his personal thoughts and devoted to the government. This thought-provoking satire left a lasting impression on me and I would recommend it to anyone. The symbolism, the characters, and the plot make this story a must-read."
"The first time I read this book I could not help but think of all the forms of voyuerism in the world today. After only a few pages I was wondering how close to Orwell's nightmerish vision of the future we are. When will such privacy invading programs such as ""Big Brother"" (which takes its name from a central figure in this book) and ""Survivor"" evolve to the point that everyone is watched all the time. Will paranoia push privacy out the door? The Telescreen wasn't the only ominous foreshadowing in the novel. The fliud way The Party wipes out intellectualism is reminiscant of the constant ""dumbing down"" of entertainmenty today. Am I the only one who has noticed the decreased standards of quality in movies? Overall I highly reccomend 1984. Not only is it an excellent book, it is almost an essential read. In order to avoid the atrocities of Orwell's imagined world, we must learn how to avoid them. I will admit,though, this is not for the faint of heart. This is a moody and cynical book throughout."
Orwell does such a great job expressing his point in this novel. 1984 had a very interesting and thoughtful plot which made the book hard to put down. The first 30 pages were hard to get into but after that it was easy reading. The ending of the novel was a little disturbing but it was so keenly written that the author deserves so much credit for it. If u like thoughtful haunting books read it!
"This book is a story on George Orwell's vision of 1984 whilst living in the year 1989. Instead of the beautiful visions some of us have for future and technology right now, George Orwell writes about the nightmarish vision of 1984 and it's ""Negative Utopia"".The year is 1984. You fall into a world containing our main character, Winston Smith. Winston lives in a world of control and brilliance. He lives under the power of Big Brother who is practically treated like a god of mankind. Big Brother created the history you read now, Big Brother is everything, you will serve Big Brother.WAR IS PEACE, FREEDOM IS SLAVERY, IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH.You must use Newspeak and you must not use Oldspeak but Newspeak is being updating so much that you could find yourself half illiterate the very next day. There are telescreens in rooms and on the streets to watch your ever move and if you think anything that is not righteous of Big Brother then the ""Thought Police"" come after you in the night. You are told that you are not living but that you are serving Big Brother and that Big Brother is the only person living. You aren't even sure that anything is real, but you are worried of thinking these thoughts in case you are caught. Once a person is caught and taken away to the Ministry of Love (maintains law and order)-they do not return. This is the world that Winston lives in.There is to be said a society called The Brotherhood. But you can never be sure of it because everything is so secretive. And one day Winston gets hold of a diary. It is not right to write in a diary or express your thoughts but he does so anyway. Half sure that he will be killed and half sure that it's something that he must do. And from the start of opening his mind to reality he realises that most of the things he 'thinks' he knows aren't really facts at all. It was true, Big Brother made the past, was the past, is the future too-because Big Brother erased everything else and corrected history at his own will.And then he meets a person who thinks with the same thoughts he has...and then another..and then another...and slowly he finds out that there really IS a Brotherhood to maybe let out the truth.The book is a very worthwhile read. It's also similar to Ayn Rand's ANTHEM. The end is surprising and yet imaginable and interesting to think about and discuss."
"Twenty years after having read ""1984"", I can still feel its visceral and intellectual impact.  IMO, it stands with ""Lord of the Flies"", ""Age of Innocence"", and ""Name of the Rose""  as the very best of the hundreds of fictions that I've read in my lifetime  thus far.It's a testament to the power of Orwell's masterpiece that,  after the title of the book has been relegated to the past, its message of  warning  is still more relevant today than ever - just look at Iraq, North  Korea, Bosnia, Congo, just to name a few.A must-read for those who fight  to preserve freedom of ideas, and also for those who seek to repress it."
"Nineteen Eighty-four is one of those slow starters, but this does not mean it is not enjoyable. This novel takes place in 1984 when the whole western hemisphere (Oceania) is over-taken by Communism.  Everything you say and do  is monitored by the thought police through telescreens (television screens  that have cameras built into them that monitor the place where they are  placed).  Winston, a man in his thirties who is against Big Brother,  decides to secretly do small actions that go against the law, trying to  avoid getting caught.  One of these things he does is write a journal for  the future describing the life now and his thoughts about the situations.  During his out-lawful actions, he meets a girl named Julia.  Together they  commit small crimes and avoid the law.  After the first part of the book,  the author really gets you into the story and the environment.  You feel  like you have to be as quiet as possible so is not to get caught by the  thought police as Winston and Julia avoid the law.  I give this book three  stars because though it has a slow start, it is very interesting and fun to  read."
"I feel 1984 is a great book.  One of the best books I have ever read.  A constant mind game that toyed with my senses.  I loved the book start to finish, except for the excerpt from Emanuel Goldstein's book.  I felt the  passage was long winded and demeaned the excitement of the book  dramatically.  1984 is a great book for people interested in politics,  world domination, and totalitarian ""negative utopias.""  Winston,  the main character, is a wonderful figurehead for the hoplessness of  freedom in the INGSOC reality.  I personally loved this book, and I think  many others will find it equally enjoyable and satisfying.  1984 was a  fairly graphic book, not as graphic as others, but graphic still.  Some  parts of the novel were silly, others very serious, it is a roller coaster  of emotions, events, and politics.  Julia, a great supporting character who  really moved the story along and forced Winston to take chances, without  which the story would not be possible.  INGSOC is a lot like the Russian  communists and the German Nazis in their beliefs, but not in their actions.  INGSOC plays a sinister role as a world super power that stomps out  competition, except for its fellow super powers.  In this colossal struggle  of power and espionage, one thing stands true...Love, but in the end even  that dies."
"Winston Smith is a normal person in 1984.  Constantly being monotored by a telescreen, he cannot do anything against the government, or the thought police will arrest him.  His little hidden betrayals to the Party soon  transform into a conspiracy.  He knows inside him some day he will be  caught and killed.  Winston knows the Party is wrong, but cannot prove it.  Maybe he is wrong, and the Party is right?  The book is wonderful, and  could very well open your eyes to what the government could be doing behind  our backs. Winston is led to believe that he has a memory disorder that  causes him to believe events that never happened have happened. The reader  is led to believe that Winston is right, and is perfectly sane. Some  slogans that seem to be oxymorons make perfect sense.  ""WAR IS  PEACE""  ""FREEDOM IS SLAVERY"" and ""IGNORANCE IS  STRENGTH"" are a few. This book will have a very big impact on you, and  your view of the world."
"The book 1984 by George Orwell was in a way funny. It was somewhat odd and mysterious, but it was funny. It was funny because of how George Orwell viewed the future. He described secret organizations. I believe that this  book was very good literature, but it gave a weird outlook on the year  1984. As an example George Orwell writes,""Winston feared for his life  that the thought police would track him down if he dared keep writing in  the diary."" Even so for a person who loves reading about what could  have been and the odd ways history could have happened, this George Orwell  classic is all for you, and I recommend it. For those that prefer a more  realistic novel, like me, aim for another author and book of your choice."
"The book 1984 by George Orwell was in a way funny. It was somewhat odd and mysterious, but it was funny. It was funny because of how George Orwell viewed the future. He described secret organizations. I believe that this  book was very good literature, but it gave a weird outlook on the year  1984. As an example George Orwell writes,""Winston feared for his life  that the thought police would track him down if he dared keep writing in  the diary."" Even so for a person who loves reading about what could  have been and the odd ways history could have happened, this George Orwell  classic is all for you, and I recommend it. For those that prefer a more  realistic novel, like me, aim for another author and book of your choice."
"The scene in the upper room above the junk shop where Winston and Julia lie on a threadbare blanket-as a man and woman must have done before, free to be together, to feel and to love.  Then the arrest, the voice commanding  them to not move, brainwashed into unquestioning obedience, they stand at  attention, naked, waiting for the mind police to come take them away.  Never a thought to run, to resist, to escape somehow.  Abject despairing  surrender before the absolute power and authority of the State/Big Brother.I never quite got over that scene.  The supine, complacent citizens of  Oceania were even less prepared to rebell than Winston.  Now I have  recently read Jerry Furland's ""Transfer-the end of the beginning""  and I see a new Oceania, infinitely more subtle, and with fewer doubts as  to it's potential.  I would like to see a movie done of  ""Transfer"".  Maybe some independent film company will see the  same promise.  Like 1984, it is a novel about the future-no less terrifying  than Orwell's long loved classic, it needs mass market exposure too."
This book has changed my vision of natural human nature.  I have found many events and characteristics of the Party to be preshadowings of organizations I see everyday.  It also showed me how an evil administration  can distroy a love that was so strong.  This book is scary and too real.
"reading this book wasn't a lot of fun, but it was good for me.  It's a classic for a reason, and should be required reading not necessarily for high school students, but at least for frosh/soph college students.  The  scenario is extreme and highly unlikely, but serves as a good and fair  warning from an age when totalitarianism was a frighteningly real threat to  humanity.  If you haven't read it, pick up a copy - it's cheap, and it'll  do you good."
"This book is a great read, but is also quite disheartening.  The society  described in the book is inconceivable to some, but it's hard to argue that  we aren't moving in that direction.  I challenge anyone to disagree after  reading this with an open mind.The highlight of the book is a manifesto  that the main character, Winston Smith, must read.  It shows Orwell's  ingenious insight to mankind's role in it's own oppression.  I couldn't  help but agree with so much of what was said, at the same time realizing  how much it seemed to trivialize the work of all civil rights  activists.Highly recommended, particularly if you enjoyed stories such  as ""V for Vendetta"" or movies like ""American History X"" and ""The  Matrix""."
I am particularly fascinated with Orwell's prophecy that the government would control the masses with pornography and support LOW class prostitution!
"1984 is the best book I have ever read. The storyline is supurb; there is suspence, pleasure and even horrer. Although you may not expect it, 1984 is quite scary and it plays with your mind. It gets you thinking things like; ""what if the world was like this."" and ""How horrible it must  be to live like that."" at the end it made me want to cry, shout and  screem all at the same time. I have made everyone in my class read it and I  give you some advise- READ 1984; THE BEST BOOK EVER!"
"Wow! I read this after reading ""Animal Farm"" and found it fascinating. It's amazing that a book written so long ago could so vividly portray an author's prediction of how the world would be in 1984. Slightly  scary, when you think of how Communism did take control of an empire.  George Orwell's ""1984"" is a classic that should always be  remembered."
"I read the Penguin Books edition and I loved it. Beautifully cynical and easy to read, I read it in 17 hours. Orwell hit the nail on the head with this publication, about Winston Smith and his coming to terms with the fact  that he does not accept the world around him. Word has it that, when Stalin  read this, he walked around a room breaking furniture. As an Englishman I  believe that Orwell is one of the best writers the nation has produced. Buy  this."
"When I have the chance to read it,I was really shocked because what the book said was the history in red China.All the things are familar to any Chinese people over 30 years old.I am surprised because there was no  difference between reality and the imagine of author."
"George Orwell's book 1984, published in 1949, was an excellent book.  I thought it was amazing that he used such imagination to come up with all aspects of this book.  The fact that he wrote this book in the 40's and  projected what life might be like in 1984 was very interesting.  It makes  you think.  We think of 1984 as a punk era that is well in our past, Orwell  thought of 1984 as the future, the far off future.  Just as we thought that  the year 2000 was going to be filled with flying cars and people living on  the moon and mars, he thought of 1984 in a very different way than it  turned out.  Or did he.  He didn't have any way to perceive all of the  technological advances we would make, but he did make some very good  guesses.  He talks about a machine that is in every room and on every  street corner.  This machine is called a ""Telescreen.""  This machine  watches and listens to every word and every movement you make.  The local  government watches this and will arrest you if you are caught going against  the government.  Saying anything bad will get you in jail.  In  the year 1984, according to Orwell, the world has been split up into three  superstates Eastasia, Eurasia, and Oceania.  Oceania is were Winston Smith  (the main character) lives.  All of these superstates are run the same.  They have a very strong central government that controls everything.  These  three states are constantly at war with each other and they have all  created their own languages.  The government in Oceania is called ""Big  Brother.""  This is where the phrase ""Big brother is watching you"" came  from.  In these states no one is free and everyone is an enemy.  People are  raised on false beliefs that the government has told them. The goverment  would even take it to the extreme and collect all the newspapers and  rewrite them and burn the old ones if the papers stated beleifs that the  goverment doesn't have anymore.  That is what Winston Smith did.  He was a  a rewriter of  documents.  The government of Oceania was one based totally  upon mind manipulation.  They used a term that they called ""Doublethink""  this was the power of holding two contradictory ideas in someones head and  having them fully accept both.  Big Brother raised all the people to be  loyal to their government and be the government's slaves.  The people saw  this as being the way of things so they went along with it, having every  second of their lives planned out and watched.  Even people's children were  more loyal to the government than their parents.  Their was a scene in the  book were a kid turned his parents in for speaking slander against the  government.  Even the language was cleansed and regulated.  The government  created a language called ""Newspeak.""  ""Newspeak"" contained only words that  were cleansed in thought.  For example the word bad would be translated to  ""ungood.""  All in all, this book talks about the government and  all the ways it is composed.  But it does have a story line as well.  The  storyline is about Winston and this girl he meets named Julia.  They both  have the same strong feelings against the government and they often meet in  very crowded places where it would be hard for them to be caught talking.  They finally decide to join an underground group against the government.  They meet with this guy O'Brien who  claims to be in charge.  The story  starts to unfold after that meeting.  This was very good book.  It was very deep and intense.  I loved hearing all about the Totalitarian  ideas the government practiced.  Plus it was cool to hear what a man in the  40's perceived 1984 to be like.  In a way he was right, we are constantly  monitored by satellites and surveillance camera's.  GPS systems and even  cell phones.  ""Big Brother"" does exist just in a different way than Orwell  perceived him.  But we also do have our freedom to think and speak.  These  are two things that the citizens of Orwell's 1984 did not have.  But keep  this in mind ""Big Brother"" could be watching you right now."
"I read this book, curious on government issues during the late 40's. I was shocked at what lie beyond the doors of this classic novel. Orwell has introduced me to a society where propoganda dominates. today, I can easily  relate this to the media and press. Orwell wanted to clarify his stand on  Communism and propoganda and did so with this intriguing work of  literature. What lie beyond the doors of room 101? As I say, something  worse then death...."
"This is not only a book, but a work of art. Orwell was ingenius in telling the horrors of a Totalitarianistic nightmare.  Few people realize how important WWII truly was. If the axis powers had succeeded in their task  the nightmare of Orwell's book would certainly become true."
"I can't say anything that probably hasn't been said already. Orwell's most famous novel warns us against the power of propaganda. ""Big Brother"" has become common to our language and culture.This isn't  Blair's best work, however. This and ANIMAL FARM are only really read  because they warn against Communist propaganda. As mentioned in the  beginning, Orwell was a social democrat (although, I would say libertarian  socialist). He greatly sympathized with the anarchist movement in Spain  (Homage to Catalonia). In fact, the communist attack against the anarchists  is probably what inspired him to write stories like ANIMAl FARM and  1984.I was disturbed to see a previous reviewer say something like,  ""If this book is properly read and understood, you will become a  Libertarian.""Blair's best stuff is actually against propaganda  systems found in so-called democracies like the United States and Britian.  The Soviets had an extensive system, but it wasn't very effective. They  kept people in line through violence, mostly. When the ability to coerece  decreases (like in relatively free societies eg The United States) the need  to propagandanize increases. This has really become apart of mainstream  doctrine. To take a quote from someone not so mainstream, ""Propaganda  is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship."" -- Noam  ChomskyIt should come as no surprise why Orwell's most popular works are  anti-communist..."
"I wonder what people in the early 50s thought of Orwell's view of the future.  They must have thought it unimaginable, but to the current reader it appears to be less and less bizarre.  I thought the book was well  written and exciting for the most part, but it started to really drag when  Winston started reading ""the  book"".  Overall I give 1984 three  stars primarily because of the dragging toward end (I had to speed read  some of it just to keep the pages turning), but also because the ending  wasn't what I wanted--I can't fault him for that though.Good book."
"This novel has changed my overall views on power,  politics,  economics and human nature to such an extent that I now look at my life in two parts:  before I'd read ""1984"" and after I'd read ""1984.""  This novel was a sort of enlightenment, or ""awakening""for me.  While I personally preffer Huxley's ""Brave New World,"" I found the stark portrayal of Orwell's ""Oceania"" and Winston's fractured individuality to be far more powerful.  My review might seem like an overstatement-and perhaps it is.  After all, I first read ""1984"" in October of 2001 while in grade 11 and perhaps that is why it has had such a profound effect on my outlook.  ""1984"" is a must read for ALL people, EVERYWHERE, who value their freedom and understand that so long as strong authoritative infrastructures continue to control our lives (governments, corporations, organized religion)with a blind following,  our liberty is truly fleeting."
"1984 is one of the most important books ever written. Many people in the world think that Orwell was a hypocrite of everything, but in truth he was a genius who saw the numerous corruptions that go on every day and was able to predict what they would end up as.In the book he highlights many important factors of the human mind and shows why the one aspect of greed is the most dominant in all humans. Don't listen to what other people say about communism or how it's just another simple criticism of Stalinist society. The story takes place in Britain, not Russia! Orwell challenges the ability of humans to be good-natured and not become completely absorbed with power.1984 highlights how the government can keep you blind to things that are going on all around you and can make you believe something that can't be proven without a doubt. You don't know for sure that the Civil War happened the way people say it happened, when it happened, why it happened, how it happened and where it happened, because you weren't there. Orwell shows this in the book very well."
"Firstly this is a fantastic book and a fantastic read. At times brilliantly lurid and erotic and at other times completely bleek and depressing. At all times it is however engaging to the point of being one of those cant-put-down type books.Secondly this book is just as important as Hayek's Road to Serfdom. Although Hayek's treatise rightly or wrongly (and I would tend towards the latter) skewed economic thinking towards the economic rationalist line so favoured by the Friedmanites, it was 1984 that put the fear of god into people who care little for economics. It has helped shape the world that we live in today.As a side note, the final part of Simon Schama's History of Britain is a look at The Two Winstons. Namely Churchill and Orwell through the main character of this book. It is an excellent exploration of the two men and really gives an idea about who they were and what they really stood for."
"1)  Read Erich Fromm's afterward.2)  Don't imply that 1984 was somehow meant to be a prediction for the state of the real world in 1984.  Even if that were the case, the fact that he wasn't 100% right does not need to be reiterated for the 8 billionth time.3)  Don't reduce this complex and subtle masterpiece to a mere allegory for Stalinist totalitarianism.4)  If you don't know that Orwell was a liberal with strong socialist leanings, read some of his other books and possibly a biography before thinking that all 1984 is about is damning communism or socialism.5)  If your review is shorter than three sentences, you're probably not saying anything new, so don't even bother.6)  If you just finished reading 1984 for your high school English class, please do not write a review.  Wait until you've gone through college, and read it again.  (related to Rule 5)7)  Don't call Orwell ""Eric Blair"" - as if you and he were old school chums.  As a writer, he is George Orwell.Thank you.  Following these rules, there would be about 50 reviews left and maybe a person would have time to read them all!"
"You've probably already read the other reviews on this site, so i'll just concentrate on my opinion on the relevance of this book in our contemporary society1984 is a stark warning against totalitarianism. Written in 1948, Orwell's depiction of a government-controlled society seemed absurd when published, contrasting the imnumerable amount of people that've said how real it seems now than it did then in western societyOne interesting factor is the geography of the planet. We are told very little and all we're told is that there're three 'super-states', Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia. Oceania is constantly at war with a vague and distant enemy, and is always switching between being allies and enemies with Eurasia and Eastasia. Comparing it to today, just what is this 'war on terrorism, and how threatened do you really feel about it (disregarding media opinion)?. America and Britian, both independantly throughout the years and in allegiance with each other recently, are constantly at war with an enemy. WWI, WWII, Cold war, Korean war, Vietnam war, Falklands War, Gulf war I and more recently Gulf war II. Societal opinions + perceptions are influenced by media, but who are we at war with? The ""War on Terror"" clearly highlights the fact that there is no tangible enemy anymore. Explained more clearly in Goldstein's passage in the book, we are constantly at war because it keeps us united, and stops us fighting one another, stops us fighting the government.Another interesting factor in book is the issue of government surveillance. 'Telescreen' in homes, Cameras everywhere you walk, Microphones even in the countryside to detect rebellious behaviour. Although key issues stated in the book aren't as extreme, the power the government now has to keep tabs on people and spy on them has reached limits it has never reached before. The 'Party' explain that this surveillance is for the benefit of the people (note: animal farm) and they constantly reassure the citizens, or 'comrades', that life was worst off before they came along. Similarly, our governments are constantly re-assuring us how much better our lives are because of them. I.D cards are being proposed under the pretence that they will 'eliminate terrorism and benefit fraud', which are something the people are 'persuaded they want' because they media tells them they do.The third, conclusively and i think most importantly, is the way this book challenges the fact we (society in 1948) take our freedom for granted. One passage in the book which sticks out in my mind specifically is when the main charactor walks through a lower-class area, and is terrified that the police patrols might stop him and ask him questions; 'what are you doing in this part of town? is this your usual way home'? etc. Similarly, if someone was walking down the street at 2am in a dangerous part of town for no particular reason, it would be deemed socially strange, thus encouraging this person not to do so, and do what everyone else does. If someone dresses in clothes that you do not usually see, he/she would be regarded as a weirdo, a social outcast"".My point is, how free do we really think we are as a society these days? How easily are we opinionated by the media?Our society is edging closer and closer to the reality that is 1984, and i recommend that you read it, it will change the way you perceive news articles, and you'll question all these erosions of civil liberties that have been happening.By the way, Orwell didn't intend for this vision to be reality in the year 1984. He wrote it in 1948, so he just switched the last 2 letters around."
"The best anti-utopian book imaginable!And yes, there are many and a lot of them take themselves too seriously and are quite pompous. 1984 also takes itself seriously but it has a right to. It is so well written that gravity is the only appropriate sentiment in a very dark world.Most people have heard of Big Brother and the Thought Police and the hype over and over again. Is 1984 really that good? Yes!The most moving scene for me was at the end, when a character succumbs under torture to betray someone (hope I'm not giving too much away - after all torture and betrayal are compulsory ingredients in an anti-utopia anyhoo) and the empathy portrayed in the book was so strong that I got depressed because I felt like it was ME that just betrayed everyone I care for.A wonderful book, a must read especially since it can be done in a day (and should definitely take no more than 2!). Unlike the anarchists and conspiracy theorists who reckon 1984 is especially relevant ""in today's global climate"", I say it's a book for all time."
"This book becomes even more topical in light of the events over the past year (those elusive WMDs, your great nation kept in fear with constant terrorist alerts, the latest airport fingerprinting of visitors 'security' measure) and it seems strange to me that people think this book should makes us wary of the evils of communism.I'm totally the opposite, I feel the book gives us a warning of what can happen if you are made to feel fear to the extent that you are prepared to lose that 'freedom' you are rightly so proud of.  With the introduction of the Patriot Act (couldn't fail with a name like that, could it?) totally blasting that freedom out of the water, this book has never been more relevant or more scarily real.  Yes, it's fiction but considering it was written more than 50 years ago, so many things are actually happening now and we are accepting them because we are 'told' we are in danger and it's for our own protection - the book even has it's very own Bin Laden.It makes it extremely convenient for anyone voicing their disagreement with policy to be silenced under the Patriot Act and not receive any rights whatsoever.  Because it's dressed up with a cool name and there's the constant fear of terrorist attack, all of a sudden it's acceptable and what's more, welcome with open arms.If you haven't read this book yet, please read it.  It's an eye-opener as to what freedom really is, or was, and far from being depressing, it shows the strength of the human spirit to desparately try to protect what's good and search for the truth."
An absolute must read for young adults that are being seduced by repackaged Communist and Socialist idealism.
"Eric Blair's 1984 is not only his finest work but also one of the most influential and provocative books of our time. The work obviates to us to full actuality how the world had evolved for the worse during the dark period from 1932 to 1949. Winston Smith and O'Brien are the most important characters whose keystone dialogue raises alert for the prospect of human future.Prophecy or Caution?While we might prefer to interpret ""1984"" as a precautionary tale or some social warning, bloodshed, warfare, massive torture and murder, not to mention Stalin's cruelty, the Nazi mechanized techniques of organized massacre, the Cambodian, the Iranian and the Iraqi, the North Korean, and all the other countless horrors, have inevitably to a certain degree changed ""1984"" from caution to warning, further elevating the work to a 20th century prophecy.Despair about Future of ManA sense of hopelessness about the future of man hovers over the book. In a way ""1984"" is an expression of such a hopeless mood about the bleak future of man. It warns readers that unless the course of history (and leaderships) changes men all over the world will forfeit most of their human qualities and become soulless automatons without being aware of the depravity.In the Winston Smith-O'Brien dialogue, ""Imagine a boot stamping on the human face-forever"" might have exaggerated the current state of human soulness. The 20th century history has confirmed and fulfilled dehumanized practices as mentioned in ""1984"" like 24/7 surveillance of all sounds, activities, and conversations; deprivation of freedom of speech, penitence for thought crime and wiping out of existence and memory and thus forfeiting any way to make appeal to future. For example, a Party member lived from birth to death under the eye of the Thought Police. Even when he was alone he could never be sure he was alone. Wherever he may be, he could be inspected without warning and without knowing that he was being inspected.The Party tacitly encouraged prostitution as such outlets for instincts that could not be altogether suppressed. This unforgivable crime was promiscuity between Party members in order to remove all pleasure from sexual act. Even to his wife, a Party member was expected to have no private emotions and no respites from enthusiasm. A real romantic love affair was all it took to crumple the Party. Desire was deemed thought crime, which entailed death.The Party saw that it was not infallible and that all its belief rested on the omnipotent Big Brother. It therefore called for an unwearying, moment-to-moment flexibility in the treatment of facts-alteration of the past and rewrite of history in order to wipe out existence of certain human beings and historical facts. It was not merely that speeches, statistics, and records of every kind must be constantly brought up to date in order to show that the predictions of the Party were in all cases accurate. It was also that no change of doctrine or in political alignment could ever be admitted. Whatever the Party held to be truth was truth. It was impossible to see reality except by looking through the eyes of the Party.Notwithstanding the Party contrived to have its way and imbued the belief in people, how could the Party control people's memory? The Party had wiped out most of the older generation during the great purges and the few who survived had long ago been terrified into complete intellectual surrender (sounds familiar like the Chinese Cultural Revolution?)  When memory failed and written records were falsified, the claim of the Party to have improved the conditions of human life had got to be accepted, because there did not exist, and never again could exist, any standard against which it could be tested.""1984"" is meant to be read as a warning, an exhortation, and not so much prophesy. However exaggerated and haunting the negative utopia is being depicted, the book is a startling work of an imaginary world that is convincing. 4.0 stars.2004 (4)"
"1984 by George Orwell was brilliant, disturbing, excellently written, depressing and most of all eerily predicting of the future.  I enjoyed reading it very much.  Orwell's writing is phenomenal.  The way he describes things is incredible and beautiful.  I admired his bold statement against socialism.  His book was extremely persuasive and should be read by all that have not yet read it.  It is a classic, yet it holds all the contemporary aspects of a newer book.  No part of this novel was unsatisfying for me.  There were no parts of the novel that did not keep me waiting for what would happen next.  This could quite possibly be my favorite book that I have read yet."
"Somehow, 1984 strikes a nerve deeper than any other book I have ever had the pleasure of reading. Its ideas the ideas of its main character, Wilson, as well as its author, George Orwell, provide a deep perception into the  organization of modern politics. All generations can enjoy this story, a  story that will definitely never go out of date. It's characters are  identifiable and its ending, one as shocking as any, provides a look at the  life that Wilson must lead, and the life that many of the stroy's readers  go through every day."
"The main theme isn't a love story by far,it's suppression and total control, it's a doom scenario. It's difficult to say anything new, after having read a couple of reviews, they all say the same. I would  like to add that the writing style is boring, it isn't a book that you  would read none stop. It is however a ""contemporary"" warning for  the dangers of information control that is becoming more and more an issue  of today. Read it, for it is a classic and a warning. 5 stars for the  contents -1 star for the style"
"Give me a break.  The writing was lousy, the concepts and ideas were questionable...sorry, but one star is pushing this book.Orwell underestimated the human animal and its tenacity in the face of  oppression...his complete and utter takeover of society w/ ""Big  Brother"" just wouldn't last, even if it could happen.People have  oral histories...ones you cannot erradicate...just ask various peoples  around the world who survived oppression despite attempts at stopping their  stories and changing their cultures.Let Orwell's work die as a  curiosity..."
"This book is incredible and terrifying, it is well-written and the topic is highly salient to our time. This is about more than communism, but about humanity. If you have read We, by Yvegeny Zamyatin, you really must read  1984. (I, for some reason, read them in that order) I would say that 1984  is the superior. Erich Fromm's afterword is worthwhile, additionally, it is  quite short and readable."
"Could it still happen?  The ultimate totalitarian state that Orwell foresaw?  Not in every detail but *1984* got ahold of my imagination to such an extent that it still gives me the willies to contemplate.  It's  almost a shame Orwell didn't name the book ""2034"" or  ""2084"" so that literal-minded school boards could still make it  required reading.  It's a masterpiece and remains to be one.  The story of  Winston Smith's battle to keep his individuality and integrity will not  grow old."
"Across the country there is a travesty going on. High School teachers are requiring students to read Animal Farm by George Orwell. By the same author there is a much finer example of satire and the multiple levels Orwell  attached to each of his books. Nineteen Eighty-Four is simply one of the  best books written this century. It approaches a subject matter, Communism,  attacks it and  then inadvertantly exposes a greater meaning and truth, the  essence of freedom. Orwell meant 1984 to be an attack on Russia and what  would happen if Stalin and Lenin won. It trascended that and became a  handbook for freedom. If anyone doesn't come out a Libertarian after  reading this book, they didn't read it close enough. One of the many books  that will be on classic reading lists for centuries to come."
"George Orwell has written another well written book on the issues of communism, and shows his absoluteley remarkable ability to put the reader inside the character.  It shows a horrible world, where its occupants are  monitored constantly by hidden cameras or concealed microphones.  No one  can think to him or herself in this country of Oceana, because Big Brother  is watching you.  In this world, 2+2=5, because Big Brother is always  right.  Powered on the hate of the traitor,  Goldstein, the Party (the  higher position that runs Oceana) is unstoppable.  George Orwell perfectly  illustrates this grim future with such description, it almost seems real.  Honestly the best novel I ever read, and from my favorite author, George  Orwell."
"This is a book about the ultimate in man's inhumanity to man. George Orwell, and many others realised that, if you controlled the thoughts of everyone in the world, then you are literally omnipotent - because nothing  can be proved to exist outside the human consciousness. The part where  O'Brien says that Big Brother will last literally forever gives one pause  for thought. Because it is true that, in an Orwellian society, nothing can  ever change. Big Brother is literally an eternal God."
"I read the book 1984 by George Orwell for my book report in school.  This is a book targeted for an older audience than an eighth grader.  Its main theme, I believe, is that we cannot let our government have too much power.  The government is controlling the peoples' lives with a fist as tight as  possible.  If we allowed them to do this, we will fall into dispair.  All  in all, I didn't care for this book all too much.  It was all kind of above  my head.  It used ""Newspeak,"" past experiences, and things that  just didn't make any sense to to me.  I understand that most people really  enjoyed this book.  Maybe when I get older I will uderstand it more."
"I love reading the clasics, and this is the best I have ever read. The characters are belivable, and the setting was wonderfull. Sure, I'm 12 and this may sound silly, but I allso enjoyed the love story. The ending was  sad, but very well written and thought out. I think this book is realy  wonderull and, unforunitly , Orwell didn't miss by to much."
"A stunning book, that's really all I can say.  Just make sure you read the chapter on the language, which is usually the last part of the book, first.  If I were stuck on an island and could only bring two things I would bring  the BIBLE (how things were and will be) and 1984 (how things must not be)."
"Many people will tell you about how it focuses us on warnings of totalitarianism and communism and the like.  But you know, sometimes a book is just a book and there is no hidden meaning.  Winston loves Julia and  Julia loves Winston.  I hate it when teachers and ""experts"" try  to get you to see the ""meaning"" behind the book.  What if it's  just a fictional story about a man who lives in a future world where people  live in fear of being found out and he falls in love with a woman?  I won't  give away the ending.  I only gave it 4 stars because some parts of the  book are a bit tedious...especially when Orwell(Blair) begins to tell you  things that you know you read not 30 pages earlier.  Just remember it's a  love story...and a good one at that."
"George Orwell's novel 1984 is a dystopia about a world where authoritarian governments rule the world. Everybody should read this book, because freedom of thought is not something that comes naturally to all of us in  every country.Even in democratic countries like the United States where  people will cross the ocean to fight for democrazy, but can't be bothered  to cross the street to vote in national elections, freedom of thougth is  something each individual has to gain themselves.Apart from oppressive  governments sometimes religions decide that they know what's best for  people they have control over. Authoritarian religions and authoritarian  governments have so much in common that Orwell's book could just as well be  about religion. Sometimes those in powerful positions even decide that  their subjects don't have to think for themselves, but blindly obey what  the leaders think is in their best interests.I was raised a Jehovah's  Witness. 1984 was one of the books that opened my eyes. Don't be afraid to  think for yourself. A good start is to read this book.If you have a  loved one whose mind is controlled by a religion this is an excellent gift  for them. Because this book is not really about religion Jehovah's  Witnesses can read this book, although they are forbidden to read material  that is critical to their beliefs."
"Certainly not a book for high school kids (I wish teachers were assigning more age-appropriate books). I first read it at 17, and that was too early. One of the greatest masterpieces of world literature. The book is too  complex and multi-faceted to be discussed here. Indeed, it is like a  Rorschach test - everyone finds something of oneself in it, or projects on  it something that is not there. I would just like to correct some gross  misinterpretations. 1) This is not a prediction. Maybe Orwell should've  called it ""Any year"". The year 1984 came up simply because he  took the number of the year when he was writing (1948) and reversed the  last two digits. This book is not a prediction, it is a warning and a  description. 2) This is not a satire or an exaggeration. OK, maybe to a  small extent (governments still cannot read people's thoughts). It is  certainly not a fiction about a made-up world and it is not just a  philosophical musing on life and humanity. While to the people in the West  it might sound exaggerated or absurd, to those from the Communist world it  is very precise and factual. Orwell is the only Western writer who got a  true description of totalitarian communist reality. He got it perfect down  to tiny details, such as the absence of razor blades. 3) This is  certainly about Communists, but it is more than just about Communists. By  the time he wrote it, Orwell was not a communist any more. He was not a  Trotskyite (in Animal Farm Trotsky/Snowball is just as much a pig as  Stalin/Napoleon). He was not a socialist or an anarchist. He was an  individual beyond labels. 1984 is a book about totalitarianism in whatever  form and under whatever label. 4) This is not about all of us. One has  to make distinctions. Modern U.S. is far from an Orwellian society,  surveilance cameras and political correctness nonwithstanding and whatever  paranoids might think. Most of the newspeak in the West is self-imposed:  people prefer to be blind slaves. Should one of us desire to break their  personal mental chains, doublethinks, etc., who is there to stop us? But  there are some countries that are indeed Orwellian. A short list: a)  Peoples Republic of Korea (North Korea) - the most Orwellian of them  all. b) Burma. Sorry, Myanmar (they renamed the country, just like in  ""1984"", England is renamed into Airstrip One). c)  Afghanistan - dictatorship in the making. (""1984"" plus civil  war). d) Islamic Republic of Iran. e) Libya. f) Peoples  Republic of China. ""Ministry of Plenty"" might be closed there,  but ""Ministry of Love"" is certainly not. This country alone is  1/4 of humanity: how about that. g) Iraq. h) Syria. i)  Cuba. j) Vietnam. Plus most of Africa and quite a few other places.  Plus all kinds of cults. As you see, the book is still quite relevant. It  describes what was and is. Be grateful that you don't live there."
"When I first started reading this book I knew it was going to be depressing.  I knew Orwell was writing it to warn the world of the dangers of a totalitarian society, and he wanted to make it as horrible and  realistic as possible.  And the things that happened in the book were  horrible, very horrible, but they weren't all realistic.  I thought  it was a good book up until where Julia and Winston were arrested.  I think  that's where Orwell stopped being realistic and he started letting his own  cynical feelings get in the way of his writing.  Orwell had a very sad  life, and he was a depressed, bitter, and cynical man.  It is good that we  were warned about what the world could become, but realistically no  government could ever control you to the extent that that government  controlled Winston and Julia.  When O'brien was torturing Winston he could  read Winston's every thought.  He knew Winston's every fear every doubt,  and every feeling.  He even knew what terrified Winston most in the world.  He knew everything.  He took something so precious from Winston. Someting  that most of us take for granted.  He took Winston's private innermost  thoughts and changed them to fit the Party's ideals.  I hated the ending to  that book.  That was the worst imaginable ending possible.  If he would  have lost everyting and been killed, but at least have died knowing that  the Party was wrong I would have been happy.  I think Julia was right.  They can't get inside you.  Another thing I found unrealistic was  when O'brien spoke of how the party wanted only pure unadulterated power.  Human nature has not changed in all the time humans have been on this  earth.  We are still selfish people that tend to want to go our own way,  and do our own thing.  It's unrealistic that whoever started the Party  would desire only that people in the inner Party have only total power.  The inner Party's only desire was to keep the Party alive and strong.  Somewhere along the way someone would be selfish, and mess things up.  I  see Orwell's point on how a government can become so dangerously dominating  and oppressing, but Orwell carried that idea too far.  He carried it to the  utmost extreme."
"Although I have generally found Orwell to be a politically confused thinker, 1984 stands out as one of the best and most forward thinking works I have ever read. The amount of relevance this book has today is overwhelming, considering modern government propaganda techniques and the  double edged sword of technology. This story serves as a warning to all who  trust the government, especially in regards to privacy issues. Winston  Smith, while not the ideal romantic protagonist, is still compelling in his  own right with his inspiring (and finally tragic) fight against Big  Brother. The struggle that takes place between Winston and the government  in 1984 is psychologically thrilling and intense, and it is still difficult  for me to put the book down each time I read it. I am particularly drawn to  the character of O'Brien, who represents to me the culmination of a path  that all seasoned politicians and government officials travel down.  The year 1984 has come and past, but an extreme statist government similar  to the one portrayed in the novel still may haunt us in the future."
"I've had to do alot of reading this year for my AP English class, and this is one of the best books I've read so far.  It was so captivating!  I had to force myself to put it down.  I loved how new elements were always being  added into the storyline.  After I got through the first two chapters I was  hooked.  It sucks you in, and I like a book that keeps you wanting to read  more and more.  I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone,  especially if you like to read about what man's future could be."
"to be perfectly honest, after i'd completed '1984', i feared for us all. partly because i am a perpetual worrier, partly because this book so easily depicts what can, and already has begun to, happen to us as a race. 1984  intricately details a world shot to hell by mass propaganda, scapegoating,  blatant lies and brainwashing. the story is told in third person, through  the jaded and frustrated eyes of one winston smith, just another poor soul  gone wrong. we see what the world has become: a machine, cold, colorless,  dangerous. the government, known only as the Party, literally rules each  and every aspect of life, down to the thoughts in one's head. the storyline  sounds somewhat complex, but in actuality it's easy, almost too easy, to  understand and relate to. the saddest, perhaps, part of this book was the  fleeting love affair winston becomes involved with, and its eventual, and  inevitable, demise. towards the end of the story my heart sort of dropped,  because it does not necessarily end in triumph. i cannot give a good enough  description of this book, it's hit too unbelievably close to home. i bought  it not too sure of what the premise was(which i do often because i am a  fool), but once i'd opened the book, i could see i held a real gem."
"The book is not only well written but, in my opinion, an accurate picture of where the world is headed. Although parts may get a bit confusing, if you plow through those parts it all makes sense in the end. A bold and  daring novel written as fiction but parts may be frighteningly real when  you look around you at our current society. I recommend it to everyone but  specifically those who are either paranoid or totally detest the way our  society behaves."
"George Orwell's 1984 is one of the, if not the best science fiction novels of this century.  A warning about the menaces of totalitarianism. The novel is set in an imaginary future world that is dominated by three perpetually  warring totalitarian police states. The book's hero, Winston Smith, is a  minor party functionary in one of these states. His longing for truth and  decency leads him to secretly rebel against the government. Smith has a  love affair with a like-minded woman, but they are both arrested by the  Thought Police. The ensuing imprisonment, torture, and reeducation of Smith  are intended not merely to break him physically or make him submit but to  root out his independent mental existence and his spiritual dignity.  Orwell's warning of the dangers of totalitarianism made a deep impression  on his contemporaries and upon subsequent readers, and the book's title and  many of its coinages became bywords for modern political abuses."
"1984 would have to be one of the most intelligent, insightful novel I've ever read. It has a lot of major themes that we face today and because Orwell wrote this in the 40's, make makes it even more haunting. I would highly recommend this book to absolutely anyone. It is fantastic novel."
"So much has been written by others on this classic text that I will limit my comments to that aspect of the book I feel is still the most important - the manipulation of language to control behavior. Orwell understood how  crucial meaning and communication is to social and political behavior. The  Bolsheviks first and then the Nazis both went to great lengths to  manipulate meaning, creating an acceptable vocabulary of politically  positive words and images and an equally negative vocabulary for that which  was to be vilified and destroyed. Attempting to channel behavior into  patterns predefined by these limited modes of expression represents the  greatest part of the state propogandist's art. Orwell reduced the  complexity of this enterprise to something that could be seen for the con  game it is. His invention of 'newspeak' demonstrates the reducto ad  absurdum of such verbal restrictiveness.In our day, whether Big Brother  is really watching or not, we suffer from some of the same contraints of  limited language and, in term, limited behavioral options. On the one hand  we suffer from a language of polictical correctness that strives to offend  no one, but makes speech clumsy and artificial. On the other extreme we  suffer from the limited categories that the professional news media use -  the narrow meanings available to them for understanding and communicating  what is considered 'news'. Since politicians contribute to this limited  vocabulary and play off of it, it saves them from facing much real in depth  analysis and critique and limits the public to shallow expositions that  distort reality and make meaningful political choice impossible.So 1984  has come and gone and we haven't fallen into the dramatic pit that Orwell  pictured, but the language we use to deal with social and political issues  has been so attenuated that we are in danger of becoming slaves to a  limited set of possibilities because we cannot even articulate any  alternatives."
"I find it funny that almost all of the reviews are 4-5 stars, or 1 star (with a few exceptions). Personally, 1984 is among my favorite books and is my favorite of the utopian/dystopian genre of books. No, I am not a  paranoid McCarthyist nut--in fact I am an anarchist. However, I see a  profound message in 1984 that is as relevant today as it was when it was  first published in 1949. Among those who rated the book poorly, I found the  following types of criticism:  1. ""Oh, the book is too boring, too  long, not enough action, too much description, hard to read, blah, blah,  blah."" To you I have one thing to say: Grow up. This book is less than  300 pages, significantly shorter than your average novel. Sure, it was  longer than Animal Farm, Brave New World or any of the other books that  fill the ranks of the genre, but only because it contained so much more.  2. ""It was disgusting, the story was poor, Orwell is stupid/depraved,  etc."" I personally felt that the story was magnificent, and much more  detailed than any similar book, but that is of course only my opinion.  Every part of the story had intricate meaning. The sex scenes were vital,  for they showed the importance of lust, and how they were defying the state  by putting their lusts--not love, mind you--but sexual desires ahead of the  will of the state. The torture scenes depict the degenerated position they  forced him into--the only what they could break the will of someone so  intent on either freedom or martyrdom.  3. ""Orwell is just playing  on Cold War paranoia to make a buck, he doesn't even know what communism  is, he is plagerizing other people's work, the message isn't important  anymore."" I cannot see is how somebody could claim that he was working  with a worn out subject or playing on Communist paranoia. It was published  in 1949--the Cold War had only really been in existence for 2 years and  very few people had any idea what was going on within the Soviet Union,  much less the inspiration to writing about it. Furthermore, to those who  think he was ignorant of the tenet of Communism, he was not. He was a  member of the Communist party for a period of time in his life and he was  neither stupid nor ignorant. He was both aware of what Communism was and  was able to comprehend it and its implications. Furthermore, as he has said  himself, he was NOT parodying Communism or socialism, but the totalitarian  state that had arose in Russia and spread to its satellites, and which was  masquerading as Communism (obviously what is depicted within the book is  not Communism but a fascist society where the state controls commerce).  Communism is a political system by which the state controls real estate and  industry in order to ensure the rights of workers. Ideally, it isn't even  totallitarian, but democratic, in political function. One reviewer I saw  ignorantly proclaimed that Communism was an automated society where robots  did all the work, right after claiming that Orwell was ignorant. Such  hypocrits.In conclusion, all I can say is that, if you're, stupid,  ignorant and close-minded, by all means don't get this book, for it is far  beyond your comprehension. However, if you are a reasonably intelligent  person that doesn't need car chase scenes to hold your attention so long as  there is a good story and a strong message, then this book is for you!"
"This book was a fightening read. It seems so preposterous, and yet it's all true and all possible. We have to wonder when, not if it will happen. As soon as you put the book down your own future becomes insecure. Not for  the weak of mind or heart! It's not just literature, it's history."
"George Orwell looked ahead in 1984 to a time when totalitarianism might rule society. Written in 1949, Orwell wanted to force people to think about the possibility, real in his mind, that a government-Big Brother-could  control our thoughts and actions. So the actual 1984 has come and gone, and  nothing happened quite like Orwell might have thought. Still the book gives  us something to think about and somebody to watch out for. Be careful. Big  Brother is watching."
"Reading all the reviews has been fascinating! A great and deep book is somewhat like a Rorschach inkblot, allowing the reader to place their own personality and ideas atop it.1984 is part of the world's literary  culture, something that is of value beyond the quality of the story and the  writing. It's a satire, not a prophecy or prediction or a sci-fi novel.  ""Satire has, as its prime purpose, not to comment or wound so much as  to reform. It seeks to mock, or invert, or exaggerate with the intention,  that by doing, idiocies may be corrected."" (Stephen Murray-Smith) The  fact that dictatorships, of a wide range of colors, are currently in  something of a decline suggests that Orwell's efforts at reform are slowly  working.There are many deep parts of the book. Orwell explores the  psychological role of language and control of thought by language,  something which seems to be an on-going experiment in the USA today.  Despair, hopelessness, human frailty, human resilience, love, betrayal;  Orwell deals with so many themes in this rich work.Yes, it is deeply  disturbing, as good satire should be. Yes, we can see the parallels in our  own societies and lives. That is as it should be. 1984 is not an action  book, as action and excitement are anathema to control. Satire can be very  hard and not very funny, and can take us time and a sense of history and  society to grasp properly.It is good that the book is read in schools.  You may not fully understand it at the time. Return to it over the years.  It is a warning to our cultures and societies about possibilities, but you  must understand something of societies and cultures to understand the book  and its warnings fully. Let it be a guide to you, not a prescription."
"A certain mental maturity is needed to appreciate this book. It is useless to prescribe it to silly bobby-socksers whose minds and interests can't go beyond TV shows about spoiled teenagers and/or  Most-Popular-Boy-on-Whatyamacallit-School-Team. Go back to your Barbies,  nitwits: you'll never be able TO READ."
"The book was scary!  It woke me up about the governments absolute power.  It is a scary, story about the geovernment controlling its entire population.  Telescreens follow and record every movement, speaking to you  if you are doing something wrong.  It will scare you every word you read.  I would recomend reading it, if you would like nightmares, about the  government controlling you.  Every foot step, ""Big Brother is Watching  You"".  WAR IS PEACE, FEEDOM IS SLAVERY, IGNORANCE IS STRENGH.  The  thought police enforce the crimes that Big Brother makes.  If you are  involved in a thought crime, you will first disappear from the population,  and you will never be heard of again.  They government brings you to their  jail, and it involves severe gang beatings, and tortures.  Everybody works  for the government,  but their job descriptions are faint.  On what exactly  the do, Winston(main character) gets a list of names, and is told to delete  them off the computer, but he does not know what for.  He deletes everyones  name and erases their past. The beginning gets off to a slow start, but it  is well worth the ending.  It wraps the whole book up.  Giving the total  image of the governments power."
"1984, written in the late 1940's, is a shocking look at a possible future.  This future is one where independant thought is outlawed and ""Big Brother"" rules over the people of Oceania with an iron fist.  One man  stands up against this totalitarian government.  Can he topple Big Brother,  or will he be one who falls?  This book really makes the reader THINK  while they read.  Today, with our ever-expanding government, this future is  not a far-fetched possibility.  Do not take this book so much as an  entertaining novel, but rather as a warning of events to come."
"THIS BOOKS WHICH WAS WRITTEN IN 1956 SHOWS HOW THE AUTHOR IMAGINED THE WORLD IN 1984. The story takes place in a strange world where you have to leave your TV on all the time.where you have to use the double mind to  forget that the country is at war against one country one day and an other  country another day.This world is a vision of what could be the world in  1984. Of course, we are quite far removed from that, but with webcams  everywhere we can think we are not quite so far as it seems from this.That  is why this book is so interesting because it is both near and far from us."
"This is one of the most depressing books I've ever read, but it does present an excellent discussion about conspiracy and power.  I think that George Orwell had very little faith in mankind."
This book describes the internal human struggle at its fullest height. It is overpowering descibing a time when the threat of the loss of personal freedoms was everywhere and the Cold War was heating up.
"I viewed this book mainly as a pleasant romantic novel.  But I found that the main character Winston was very arrogant and shallow though Orwell made sure that the character was very believable.  Generally a very well thought  out book, though some areas, such as when he is taken by the thought police  are very simple and obvious and lacking in imagination.  Anybody could have  written that section, it lacked originality.However, I thought that the  system of government was very well organised and well thought out and seems  like an efficient and effective method of ruling.  Although, very harsh and  unfair and not something you would like to see in practise.  Cold and harsh  but effective.In conclusion a very romantic story that was upsetting in  places.  I cried when Julia was captured."
"To me this novel is unmistakingly about religious doctrine, not just totalitarian governments and the terrors associated with revolution.  The way people are told to believe in the Party (Christianity) even though they  have the intelligence to reason that it is totally illogical.  I can see  no difference between someone who has faith and someone who is prepared to  use doublethink to mentally condition themselves.  Both require the user to  operate at two levels - to apply scientific fact for instance to construct  televisions and rocket engines, and then to be able to switch into  illogical rambling and decide that they believe an obscure doctrine that  has no basis in fact.That is why Orwells ideas cannot be dismissed as  ""far-fetched"" and irrelevant.  If the faithful ever gain the whip  hand of society we may well see ourselves being repressed into acceptance  of ignorance and the worship of Big Brother (God).  What is it they tell us  as children?  That God is omnipotent and can see everything?  Does that  sound similar?  The telescreens and microphones are simply an extensions of  God`s apparent omnipotence and the Thought Police the modern dy equivalent  of the Spanish Inquistion.I found it very ironic that one reader claims  that his desert island books would be 1984 and the Bible.  The former is a  book that warns against society discarding intelligent thought and reason,  the latter is a book that through the ages has caused that to  occur.Everyone should read this book if they can.  There are many levels  of comparison other than that of religion of course, but it is here that I  see the most relevance to contempoary society."
1984 was one of the best and most thought provoking books I have ever read.  Is it just a matter of time before the Thought Police come for me or you.  Maybe one days opinion pages like this can be used to convict me.  Think about how much computers know and continue to learn about you  everyday.  How many cookies are in your computer.  BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING  YOU!
"1984 is a truly amazing book- probably the best I've ever read. Orwell keeps the reader interested from the very beginning by describing a world that is so different from our own, yet ironically it's a world we can all  relate to. There is so much interesting detail on each page, you can ponder  and debate every section of the book seemingly forever. From Winston's  illegal diary in the corner of his room where he is hiding from the  telescreen, to his torturous questioning in Miniluv where he is being  brainwashed into thinking that two plus two is five, this is a superb book.  Doubleplusgood."
"I, like so many others, was forced to read this book back in high school.  I found it very hard to read & overall a big BORE.  However, in class, I enjoyed the discussions the teacher & my classmates would  have--interpretting the book, relating it to today's societies,  etc...When I caught the movie on t.v. accidentally, I enjoyed it  somewhat, so I decided to re-read the classic.Again, I found the book  very boring.  Reading it was like torture, but when I was done, I did  appreciate Orwell's message & underlying theme.I enjoyed analyzing  the book & discussing it with my peers.  .  (however, I'll stand by my  statement that it is 294 pages of UN-EXCITEMENT).MY ADVICE:  listen to  other's interpretatin of it & possibly read the cliffnotes -- THEN read  the novel.  You'll appreciate it more."
"As Orwell's 1984 is conventionally viewed as a ""political"" novel, it's value lies more in the  deeper psychological meaning the book conveys, as Erich Fromm eloquently expounds in his afterword.  More in this  respect can the book be viewed as meaningful across both time and nation.  It definitely is not just a novel for the disgruntled paranoids in our time  and country as the political point of view might have it.  As Fromm  basically explains, the book is fundamentally an expression of the  ""deepest alienation in the minds of organizational man"".  In  light of that, you might say that Dilbert lovers would appreciate the book."
"When I read this story, I was amazed. Though it's written 50 years ago, you can find some things that really exist in our time. Maybe not as terrible but terrible enough.  This story is a vision on the future. A  future that may come sooner that we expect. I recommend this book to every  book lover, this one you can't miss, and remember: Big brother is watching  you!"
"this book simply changed my view of things in life. it sucked me in after a few pages, and the reason i really like it is that he writes one of the most engaging plots, yet he still has relevant views. i love his ideas, and  how he carries it all to the extreme. i am now reading ""Brave new  world"" which, although has a different idea of the future is really  similar. I first read I984 when i was 11, and since then have read it  countless times. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who  thinks they can handle a good read."
"Orwell's classic book on thought control, mind control, body control and just about any kind of control you could think of, is a powerful book that many people hold in regards to as being prophetic. Time has passed and  other realizations occur, however, this book still stands as a monument,  not only in fiction, but in our understanding and use of technology as  either entertainment or mass media awareness, ergo; programming. With Erich  Fromm writing an afterword, which he cites many examples that displays  different types of utopias/thought controlled societies, discussing the  psychological aspects of a society that is shaped in such a way,  reminiscing from his own book Escape From Freedom. A classic book in every  way, and may best be appreciated with Huxley's Brave New World (confer Neil  Postman's 'Amusing Ourselves To Death'). Highly reccomended in any study of  literature."
"I first read ""1984"" in Russian samizdat back in the USSR, and thought that the importance of this book will not survive the collapse of communism. Boy, was I wrong... The similarity between Orwell's Ministry of  Thruth and the mainstream US mass media is really striking."
Orwell was a prophet. He introduced such words into our vocabulary as 'newspeak' and 'thoughtcrime' which have forever changed the way we look at government. No one who hasn't read 1984 can truly call themselves  politically literate.
This is one of the few books I think everyone should read at one point or another of their life. I read this book about 7 years back and I think it does an amazing job of narrating the harrowing experience of people under  an oppressive regime.
"1984 was a book forshaddows totalitarianistic view points, and how in the future the world was going to be like a totalitarian government. This is scary for most people because thier natural rights are being taken away,  with out them even noticing it."
"Orwell's futuristic 1984 was a pleasure to read.  The detailed symbolism of the antique paper weight crashing onto floor as policemen bombarded in to arrest Winston and Julia.  The paper weight symbolizes the end of  Winston and Julia's private and secure existence, which allow them to be  safe with each other.  They found refuge in the small apartment where they  could be themselves without ""Big Brother"" watching their every  move, it's ironic the government was still able to scrutinize every moment  of their lives.  I enjoyed reading this novel.  I recommend it to anyone  who enjoys Orwell."
"George Orwell's classic ""1984"" is thought proviking and has not lost any relevance since the collapse of the Soviet Union. When the book was written, people were just learning about the pros and cons of Communism  (I'm not going to make any political statements in this review.) Arguably,  the book reached its prime in the cold war era, but it still as relevant as  Orwell's other essays such as ""Shooting an Elephant"", which,  athough it dealt with British imperialism, is still very relevant when  applied to other reigons of the world. The protagonist in this story shows  the futility of rebelling against a totalitarian state when advanced to  this level. I thought that the story makes a strong point even though the  events in the story are not probable to occour in the near future. I  personally am a big fan of negative utopias (""We"" by Zamyatin is  very good, don't waste your time with ""Brave New World"" by  Huxley) because they show the human's primal desire to live and be free in  a very raw manner. The policy of never creating martyrs for opposition  really struck a chord within me. I have read this book at least five times  and have come to appreciate it greatly. It probably is my favorite book,  second only to The Brothers Karmozov."
"This book is one of the most depressing and touching books I've read.  Try to read it during the summer, then at least you can cheer yourself up if it gets to be too much for you.  If you're not the sort of person who has  feelings, then this won't be a problem."
"Upon reading 1984 I found myself questioning many things about different economic and social societies. When George Orwell wrote this, ideas of Communism were just beginning to become known and many people questioned  Capitalism. This is greatly reflected in the book. However, the so-called  hero of the book, Winston, wasnt really a hero at all. In the end, he was  brainwashed and lost his sense of individual thought. This was to prove to  ""evils"" of not having Capitalism- The biggest problem with the  book was that I feel it is outdated in that it does not have as great of an  impact in our society today due to the increasing rise of Capitalism and  the fall of several Communist countries. It presents a very extreme idea,  but not a very likely one."
"After reading the book for the first time I was inspired by the vividness and characterization, and then after reading it for the second time I enjoyed the book just as much. The most striking feature of this book is  that for some countries this type of totalitarian state is not to far into  the future, which left a small, but apparent truth with me. Orwell was not  trying to show what life in 1984 would be, but as a projection and  exaggeration of tendencies and changes over the years. It would be a shame  to miss out on this book no matter what."
I have never read a bigger piece of garbage in my entire life.  For the people who read and enjoyed this book...GET A LIFE!
"Anybody who sees 1984 as simply an attack on Bolshevism and Fascism is missing the point, for Orwell was attempting to show his readers what  totalitarianism would look like in Britain and/or the United States if  forces and trends already in motion in the late 40s and early 50s were to  go unchecked.... Folks, Old George was quite the prophet, because the Inner  Party (with virtually all of the wealth and political power in the nation)  , The Outer Party (with their 401k, Toyota Camrys, and houses in the  suburbs), and the Proles (doing the underpaid grunt-work, their minds  numbed to reality by sports and popular culture) all exist today in  America.  In a time when government intervention is more pervasive than in  any other time in our nation's history, 1984 is essential reading."
"I read this book for a Utopian Lit class at my high school and thought that it represented the totalitarian views very well.  I did not like how  Winston gave in after fighting so hard to try to make changes.  I can see  that this world is entirely possible in the not-so-distant future.  The way  that their society is set up, there is no way to change it.  The  telescreens, are already in use in terms of security cameras, hidden  cameras, etc.  It is really easy to find out anything about anybody today.  This is quite scary."
"Orwell does a fantastic job of showing the negative effects of a utopia.  He shows how ""the party"" can take over everything.  They can  control you, and everyone can be the same.  The individual person no longer  exists.  His realisism portrays true possibilities of what might occur. 2  thumbs up ! Go Lakers!"
"This book shows how democratic countries shows how they look in a totaliterianistic government.  When I read that Oceania also included the  U.S. I couldn't believe it.  The whole phrase of ""Big Brother is  Watching You"" came from this book.  This book comes a little bit short  of Animal Farm to me, but it was still a great lead.  In the year, the  borring movie of 1984 was made, but it's better to read the book than see  the movie."
"1984 is by far my favorite book of all time.  I didn't read it for school, and i'm glad because it would have ruined the book to be over analyzing it  the entire time.  Which is not to say that there's nothing to analyize, but  it's best to draw your own conclusions.  While i was reading, i was truely  affected by this book, and i really couldn't force myself to put it down  except to sleep.I'm really tired of kids complaining that it has a sad  ending: it couldn't have worked out any other way.  Also, the ending forces  you to wonder if Winston is better off like that.I hate giving such a  masterpiece as 1984 this quick of a review, but i could never do it  justice, especially in such a small area."
"A book well written but over-praised.  If your interested in Orwell I suggest you read his earlier works, i.e. Keep The Aspidistra Flying, Down And Out In Paris And London, Burmese Days, etc. etc."
"I would reccomend this book to anyone, especially someone who is fed up with the ""fluff"" that they are having students read in high school. I read this book for my honors english class, and was surprised at  it's similiarities to the present state of some countries in the U.S.A. If  I could put in a section in the library under horror. How are Orwell's  telescreens that much different from the security cameras popping up on  every main street corner and sometimes even in your office or home. With  the way technology is people can listen to your phone calls and read your  E-mails I would like somone to tell me how far we are from a totalitarian  society. When I read this book I got chills. Maybe, as Winston is convinced  at the end, 2+2=5 and the idea that 2+2=4 is ludicruous. The scariest part  to me is that we could be wrong."
"George Orwell's ""Nineteen Eighty Four"" is a brilliant warning about totalitarianism.  It is certainly about communism. You can tell from their physical descriptions that Big Brother is Stalin and Goldstein is  Trotsky. At a time when  many people admired the Soviet Union, George  Orwell saw the Soviet system for what it was- a brutal dictatorship based  on fear.  However, it is not just about communism. It is a warning against  all totalitarian systems of thought that seek to impose forcibly a  particular ideology on people and to mould people at will.  Winston  Smith's struggle to hold on to objective truth in a world of lies and human  decency in a world of cruelty symbolises the real life struggle  to do just  that of so many people in this century  that has brought us the  horrors of the Gulags and  Auschwitz."
"I wish there was a way Amazon would let you rate ONE book with six stars, your all-time favorite. If they did that, 1984 would be my pick. I've read it at least four times, once when I had insomnia I read the whole thing  front to back again. The first time I read it was in high school, and I was  disappointed because it didn't have a happy ending, because Smith didn't  manage to somehow smash Big Brother. But now I recognize the book for what  it is: a timeless statement on totalitarianism and individualism. Don't let  the title fool you: if we're not very, very careful it can happen yet."
"This book is the most influential anti-Utopian novel of the twentieth century. It shows the destruction of power that government can inflict on a society. It is a novel that gives insight into modern society and embodies  the nightmare of a totalitarian society. The book illustrates the idea of  dehumanizing humans making them without thoughts, desires, and emotions.  This book makes the reader question the power of government and wonder  where our society is heading."
"Having recently re-read this book at the age of 24, I found that it rang true even more so than when I initially read it as a school text aged 13.  It may perhaps be the case that when I read 1984 I was less aware of the  levels of surveillence in operation however, with the ""advance""  of technology it is certain that Big Brother is indeed watching much of  what we do.  With the recent launch (in the UK anyway) of interractive tv  it makes one realise just how real the telescreen is.  Perhaps received at  the time of it's publishing as paranoid rantings, these days the terrifying  predictions are one by one becoming true-once a work of futuristic fiction  this book could almost be used now as an urban survival guide.  A beatiful  and chilling read"
"...when people misinterpret 1984 as an anti-Commie book. Orwell WAS a member of the far-left earlier on in life, and 1984 is an anti-totalitarianism novel, a novel that attacks dictators and  wannabe-dictators of the entire political spectrum. And it can still happen  - look at the world today: censorship, both on the Internet and in the more  conventional media, is becoming more popular, everyone's a fashion-enslaved  brain-washed conformity-seeking sheep, and we're all continually screwed by  politicians who think they know what's best for us.Another criticism of  1984 is the downbeat ending and the essential hopelessness of it all. But  the fact is, that if the world slips into a dictatorship like that in 1984  then there will be no hope. Orwell is trying to tell us that we must fight  for our every freedom NOW - if we don't then we don't deserve them.This  is the greatest science fiction novel of all time (and you can't tell me  it's not SF - just because it's SF doesn't mean it isn't literature)."
"This was the most amazing book I have ever read.  It somehow put everything I feared, and knew into words.  I think Orwell is one of the greatest writers of all time.  His prophetic look made me shudder and parts  of the book made brought me to the point of tears.  The words echo  ""Who controls The past, Controls the Future, Who Controls the Present,  Controls the Past.""  Being a 9th grader and hating, and analyzing  school I see this is prevelant.  And to soccer girl or whoever gave this 1  star, that is merely beacuse you don't have the intellect to understand the  political implications offered.  Sorry, but it's true."
"A number of reviews have stated that this work is dated and irrelevant today. It would be wise to realize how this is completely opposite of the truth. Doublespeak has dominated American life, such as the Gulf War in  which war meant peace, and misery truly meant happiness. Power and money  rule, and it could definitely be argued that we live under a totalitarian  system of control in America. Beware of power. Orwell is turning over in  his grave."
"Six years ago I was in a bookshop and on the shelf I saw a copy of George Orwell's ""1984"". I had often heard people mention this novel on TV in political discussions and so on without really knowing what they  mean't. Out of curiosity I decided to buy the book and see what it was  like. I quite enjoyed it, and later that year we had to read it for Year 12  English. What I found interesting were the reactions of the other kids.  Some liked it, others found it boring, uneventful or irrelevant. I remember  one boy saying: ""But 1984 was nothing like that!"" The point about  this novel is that it isn't supposed to be like a Nostradamus prophecy.  George Orwell was writing about the social conditions that existed at the  time in which he was living. Shortages, censorship, government red tape and  the manipulation of popular opinion. I'm not overly concerned with the  book's issues of politics or whether it's been proved inacurrate or not. I  like to think of this as the story of an ""alternative"" 1984, a  look at how different the world might be if history went in a different  direction. Other books that explore this theme are ""The Man In The  High Castle"" and ""Fatherland"" which are both set in worlds  where the Nazis had won the Second World War. These books revel in  historical inaccuracy. I think ""1984"" still has some relevance  though. Especially the way the media alter people's view of the world by  deciding what we should  and shouldn't see, or the way newspapers  ""enhance"" photographs. An example that comes to mind is when a  newspaper altered a photo of the killer Martin Bryant by putting more  shadow around his eyes to make this ordianary-looking man look psychotic.  George Orwell was right about the idea of people being under constant  surveillance, now that hidden cameras abound, a device more subtle and  unobtrusive than the telescreen. Even though we're not all wearing blue  overalls and worshipping a demi god, free will is being undermined in a  more insidious way. This novel has made an impact on other writers,  particularly Anthony Burgess. He wrote a novel called ""1985"". The  beginning of that novel descibes his version of how the world of Big  Bother, Ingsoc and the Thought Police came about. This isn't a sequel, more  of a reaction to the former book. In conclusion ""1984"" is an  interesting book of a world that might have been, and might still be."
"""1984"" has to be one the best albums ever, and definitely one of my favorite records.  The production by Ted Templeton is excellent, and David Lee Roth's vocals are probably the finest to ever be put on vinyl.  The highlight of the record is, in my opinion, the hit single  ""Jump.""  Once again, Eddie Van Halen's guitar work is the best in  the business.  Five stars, check it out!"
"This book at first seems so far away from the life we live that it is hard to compare to, unitl part two. One has to tolerate alot of abuse from this book, however, it does get the reader thinking about the numerous issues  mentioned in 1984. THis book sounds boring, but it does keep the reader  intriguied with its variety of vocablulary of the world of Big Brother."
"One is easily gripped by the horror and turmoil of 1984. George Orwell's novel about a totalitarian state and how it, the government, controls all the people of the state and tries to control thought. The book had a subtle  and interesting plot. Orwell's characters generally demonstrated the  emotions received within the context of the story. Winston, Orwell's  protagonist, acted as a human trying to hold on to what makes him human  his, emotions and ability to think freely. Now could a totalitarian state  exist as it is portrayed in 1984? Yes, it could occur if we as humans do  not fight for the liberty indebted to us by God. We fight totalitarianism  by proper education, proper families, and proper participation in society.  If nothing, else the message one should get from the book is to simply  vote. If we as humans do act lackadaisical with our participation in the  democratic governments, then we could lose the freedoms our fore fathers  fought so hard to win. That is why one should read this book. One does not  have to like what 1984 says or represents. Readers should then learn that  ""Action is Freedom"" and stop a totalitarianistic societies from  existing. As a literary work I thought the 1984 was a little too wordy and  unfortunately forced up high school students. The ending is not what I  hoped for, but none-the-less I think people should read this book."
"As one of the people writing about the book here said, it was not meant to incite paranoia, it was about the evils of paranoia.  Also, he was a socialist, so I cannot say that it was just propaganda.  And don't forget  that Communism isn't dead.  There are still a few Communist countries out  there, not to mention the many dictatorships. As for the book itself, it  was pretty good, once you get into it.  I like reading about different  worlds myself, so I liked this aspect of it.  The characters were also  pretty cool.  The ending was depressing but very very good.  It is still  very relevant, but I wouldn't recommend it for action fans."
"Mr. Orwell or should i say Mr. Blair, Orwell was a pen name, tells one of the best stories you will ever read. This book from beginning to end is a true page turner. I could not put the book down. Every chance i got to read  some of it i did. I actually gave up an extra hour of sleep to read some  more. Winston, Julia, O'Brien they're all great characters that sprung from  Orwell's mind. The mind that was almost prophetic in its predictions of the  future. He may have been off by his date (1984) but he is correct in his  predictions. That is if we do not stop it from happening. Well all i will  say is that if you have not read this book yet do so. You will not regret  it i promise you."
"Huxley predicts the growth curve of our civilization with shocking accuracy.  The race toward consumerism and away from the biological imperative is real.  Somehow, Huxley looked out into the mist of time and  saw it.  This book will make you wonder whether you really want to go  there."
The book has not much to say. It is just the common night-mares of its time. The contents can be discussed as a historical document.
"George Orwell, In his book 1984, Creates a world in which the past is determined by the present. Where though itself is no longer free, and where thought-crime is death. Orwell present us his horrific vision of the future  through the thoughts and actions of Winston, a member of the outer party  who is about to realise ""BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU"" -an  apsolute classic. If you havn't read it, you havent seen the future"
"This book, first published in 1949, revolves on a couple of lovers, caught with their independent and suspicious brains and memories in the grip of a ruthless totalitarian régime that claims complete control over bodies and  minds of its subjects, and considers as a criminal and a crime whomever and  whatever does not toe its line. Not only had its author already written  about imperialism and totalitarianism, but he had also fought for freedom  (Spanish civil war, on the republican side) when he published it. WW2 had  recently finished, the cold war was at its beginning and the world had been  fully informed about the horrors of Nazi Germany and of the communist  Soviet Union. Orwell was one of those Western writers who, though  communists, had grown disgruntled with the massive crimes of ""real  socialism"" in the USSR, such as the killing of dozens million people:  a feat, against which even the shoah pales. Another one of these writers  was Arthur Koestler (""Darkness at Noon""), who however kept to the  events in the Soviet Union. Orwell's perspective extends to the whole world  in a dismaying prevision; his lucid political and historical analyses, as  well as his prophecies on future technological developments from major to  minor ones (many of which have been realized), were terrifying. The world  was lucky that, eventually, its 1984 did not have to see the forecast of  the book, while, indeed, it saw the prelude to the failure and downfall of  several of its totalitarian régimes. However, we only have to look around  ourselves to realize that the danger still exists, and that the number of  people wishful, though not yet powerful enough, to enact it is growing  FAST. This book actually is one of the masterpieces of XX century English  literature, and should be saved for the future. Whoever calls it ""a  piece of garbage"" can only be either too young and inexperienced, or  too ignorant of history and politics."
"Having just re-read 1984 it struck me that, whilst the quality of the writing is ""timeless,"" (Orwell constructs a better sentence than most  ""literary artists""),  the book's themes get more and more frightening as  Western culture decays toward the millennium. My first school reading was  in the days when 1984 was literally ""the future,"" (even though Orwell had  always intended it as a satire on contemporary Britain, with ""1948"" the  originally intended title); in England today the resonances are especially  profound, and what looked ""old-fashioned"" to `sixties and `seventies sci-fi  readers has gained a new and bleaker realism. We're beginning to catch up  with the US when it comes to presidential-style ""leadership"" and ""spin,""  whilst the rewriting of history - with its horrible parallels with the  politically correct mythologies espoused in transatlantic universities and  the like - is already being implemented, with particular regard to the  guilty denial of the achievements of the British Empire, (whilst the Roman  and Greek civilisations still manage to escape trendy censure).The worst  shock comes with the realisation that everything 1984 says about the  manipulation and reduction of thought by language-control, (Doublethink and  Newspeak, respectively), is demonstrably happening right now. Things you  can't say become thoughts you can't think, and an attempted conversation  with most contemporary English youths on the street will reveal how hard it  has become for our ill-educated masses actually to formulate rationale  thought: what you get is a monotonic patois recitation of received  simplistic opinion - or a boot stamping on your face, followed by a  law-suit for your assault on them! One recent encounter left me with the  reflection that we are so far from Shakespeare one could weep; then I read  1984 again, where Orwell has Winston wake up one morning with the name on  his lips, a fleeting memory of a better past. The book is brilliantly  written, shockingly painful and horribly, horribly relevant! (It's also  fantastically entertaining and often very funny). Read it, read it again,  and read it to your children!"
"1984 is truly a modern classic. It's integration into modern political thought testifies to it's importance in social awareness and the democratic  system.And Sandra from Canada, small minded people who flame public  speaking areas on the Internet should be banned. I thought spiteful remarks  like that weren't allowed."
"1984 is one of the best books of the twentieth century. Some readers might simply view it as an expose of Soviet inhumanity, it goes much deeper, even  though there are examples of totalitarianist torture. A reader might be  surprised that the United States is included in Oceana. In an nutshell,  Orwell intended to show us what our responses to Communism would be.  The  reason Big Brother is Watching You is because of self-preservation.  If  things had not changed, we would have become totalitarianist countries,  too."
"This book is not nice, and it isn't meant to be. But it's impressive, very impressive. And horrible, it's the only book that has ever frightened me.  It's not a book you can read lightly. Still, 1984 is a brilliant book - one  of the best books ever written. But beware: if you are looking for light  entertainment, this is not for you. For everyone else: read this, if you  already haven't."
"When I was a kid I read 1984, it changed the way I view everything, I can see that we are starting to look like the guys in the book did, the theme  is now a classic, I can only say I like it very much"
I read this book twice. Once as a assignment in class and the second because I found it so interesting and vibrant. This book is very interesting. It tells us his theory of what the future is or was to be  like. I love it because it had a sense of character to it and was one of  the best inside exquiste books I ever read.
"I was not required to read 1984 for my English class.  However, as an extra credit assignment I took the challenge of reading this novel.  I read it in two days (a fast time for a reader like me)and I found it very  enjoyable. Since, then I have read other books along the same subject, and  still find this book to be a classic example of negative utopia."
"People who think that 1984 is outdated, since Communism went down got it wrong. 1984 is not only about Communism. 1984 is about human nature and society. And the concerns it raises will never be outdated. Think of how  you can be traced by credit card transactions, and how every information  about your habits, income, interests, etc. is stored somewhere. Then think  about the telescreens in 1984 again. Privacy has become an illusion. Also  consider this: The information we receive, from newspapers, tv, radio, or  the net can be manipulated easliy. How do you know something you saw on tv  is real? You weren't there. How haven't seen it happen. You can only trust  that the information you receive is true.  And if a totalitarian regime  takes over, it doesn't matter whether it's Communist, Fascist, or  Fundamentalist. People will suffer regardless of ideology. Consider a  Christian Fundamentalist government.  -Mandatory Church attendance to be  conditioned with the newest propaganda (2-minutes-hate) -Sex before  marriage is unlawful (as in 1984) The list could be continued, but what's  the point?  Now that Communism is down there are new threats to freedom.  And 1984 warns us about those."
"While regarded as a ""classic"" by some literary scholars, 1984 is devoid of nearly every element of classical literature.  The fall of Communism has erased nearly every trace of relevance this book may once  have had.  Its warnings of the evils of totalitarianism were overly  alarmist by even Cold War standards and are even more so today.  The  absence of strong, 3-D characters makes even a man vs. society theme seem  sorely lacking in depth .  The only redeeming quality of this book may lie  in providing future readers with an McCarthyist view of the evils of  communism from the standpoint of a conservative 50s faux intellectual.  If  you're looking for a deeper, better-written, and tremendously more  entertaining book, try Orwell's Animal Farm.  Even walking, talking farm  animals seem realistic compared to 1984."
This book had a good warning about futur totalitarian government but it was way too wordy.  I had too much description and was really boring at the beginging that it took me a while to get through it.  The love affair was  discusting and the torture and Winston's viens were discusting and  horrifying..Thats it
"i write this is response to the reviews stating such things as ""down with communism"" and ""freedom demands inequality, orwell understood this"". orwell was,himself, a social democrat. 1984, while  being a brilliant novel and political commentry, is not really a critique  of communism in it's pure form, nor of socialism and equality. it is a  tirade against totalitarianism, orthodoxy and overpowerful government."
"This book is the stuff of nightmares. I've had several since reading it, and they are well justified. Anyone who ever questions how free we in this country truely are or who feels we're being represses, read this book.  You'll come away from it determined not to see a future like this. 1984 is  a gem, both for its horror-movie frightening power and its ability to  affect readers deeply. Read and be scared."
"I was required to read this book for my High School Practical Law class. I realize that most teens (at least in my class) would never attemp to read this book. The politics and theorys are quite deep. I was extremely bored  and had a hard time getting through it.. But I just finnished it and am  glad that I did. As much as I was confused by it, I enjoyed it. But I did  fall asleep on the couch whil reading the part where Winston was reading to  Julia. It got to be a bit lenghty but I am glad I read it, and for you  teens who are requried to read it too, Good luck to all of  you!Maureen:)Age 15"
"1984 On september the 6.th someone said that Orwell never read, and therefore was not inspired by ""We"". That is not true. I have got a rewiew of ""we"" that Orwell wrote in 1947.  Besides, I have read  a danish translation of Samjatins novel, and there are loads of parralels.  But still I regard 1984 as one of the greatest, and most visionary, novels  of modern times."
"Well, I was forced to read 1984 for my english class in high school, and welp, it bored the hell out of me. Though, I'd have to say everything about it is indeed overwhelming and too much to take in at the same time. Perhaps  if i was 30 years old or something, i would have liked it more. I dunno, it  just didn't appeal to me all that much. I understand the point of the  novel, the fear of governments taking over unjustly, but man, what's with  the details! Gooood.....anyway, i do reccommend the book because behind  everything, the premise is something to think about..."
This book will stay with you forever.  It is such a horrific prophecy of socialist control of government that you will find your resolve strengthened to continue to fight for the freedoms with which we are  blessed in this country.  You will be intrigued throughout this book and  find yourself with a new heightened awareness of the brutal nature of  governmental control of our lives.
This book will stay with you forever.  It is such a horrific prophecy of socialist control of government that you will find your resolve strengthened to continue to fight for the freedoms with which we are  blessed in this country.  You will be intrigued throughout this book and  find yourself with a new heightened awareness of the brutal nature of  governmental control of our lives.
"Just as high lord Orwell predicted, the world is at an apocalyptic state.  Constant war, no privacy, thought police, the world is truly at its end.  Though this lowly species has somehow managed to survive 15 years longer  than lord Orwell predicted, surely this feeble race will extinguish itself  because of its own greed and blind hatred.  The contempt of the aristocrats  has finally backfired as all knew it would.  Creating ignorance and  superficiality amongst the masses has finally gone too far, and there are  no functional human beings left to survive.  The contempt for nature and  human ideals has led us to the brink of destruction, by our own hand."
"""1984"" by George Orwell was extremely boring. The text was so long and unelaborate. I think that the text could have needed some more details and more drama. I have heard many good things about this book, but  aparently I was dissapointed after reading this. I had expected the same  great literary work as ""Animal Farm"" which I had loved and read  many times in highschool. I was greatly dissapointed with the redundent and  unecessary words. I would definitely not recommend this book to someone who  likes drama and more elaborate text."
"A frighting look at how the future could turn out. A world where Independent thought is a crime, because it is not sactioned by the goverment. A world where Big Brother is always right, because there is no  way to prove it is wrong. A world where your kids may turn you in for being  an Enemy of the State, simply because you said the words ""Down with  Big Brother"". A protrait of a world that could very easily become our  own unless we do everything in our power to fight it. Those who believe  that Big Brother could never happen, will most likely be the first ones  into Room 101.  Thomas Jefferson and Ben Franklin both once said  ""Those who give up Freedom for Security, will not have, niether do  they deserve, either."" 1984 is a perfect description of a society that  gave up their freedom hoping for safety. Instead, they lost both, trading  in the criminal in the streets, for criminals in the Halls of Government,  and in essence, the innocent have become the criminals."
"Breathtaking, in one word. Compellingly written, with a chilling plotline which is familiar to virtually all: a terrifying vision of an authoritarian future. It doesn't matter that it didn't happen, or that the settings are  stylised: the real undertows of emotion and concept are played out in your  head. It may have drawn inspiration from contempary communism, but the true  commentary is far deeper - freedom, compromised in any system, and the  appearance of freedom. The beginning is monochrome (dull, as some have  referred to it) because Orwell was crafting some of the finest textural  novel-writing ever - the contrasts with Winston's violent mental rebellion,  the freedom of his reckless affair and the dark, futile scenes in Minilov  are there for a reason. The ending may be 'depressing' but it is also one  of the most powerful and affecting conclusions devised. The courage to end  this way is telling of Orwell's uncompromising artistic stance, and his  deeper intentions behind the novel. Three things really stand out.  Firstly, the interesting  and intriguing conceptual work expertly weaved  into the plotline. Orwell used both satire and philosophy to emphasise a  single variable - control - in his fictional world. It's a gritty,  naturalist way of working; rather than through elaborate symbolism, and  Orwell's journalistic style shines through. Secondly, his portrayal of this  world. Although repeated readings have bought out subtler tones eg.the  proles, newspeak, my first reading was dominated by the overwhelmingly  convincing tone of observation and everyday slavery. The opening section  builds up to a great atmospheric crescendo. Finally, although I mention a  lack of symbolism, 1984 stands as a symbol itself for all the great  struggles of the individual. Within its pages are independence against  control, love against adversity, the vivid against the mundane, freedom  against propoganda and expression against conformity - perhaps even life  versus death. (see the attitude of the Party towards death, both in regards  to others and its own continued existence). In displaying Winston's will  waged against fate and society, Orwell has created one of the great  political fables, and a supremely human novel."
"Orwell creates in writing for us, a world that we may, in fact, create for ourselves.  Through his genious words and the underlying truth of it all, Orwell makes Oceana real.  Almost as though you expect to see it on a map,  when, thankfully, it won't be there.  The book is a work of genious and  should be read by every person remotley concerned with the future of the  human race.  Very highly recomended!!"
"This book is the prequel to the soon to be released ""2001"", by Joel Watson. 2001 Is an exceptional book, detailing life after the Y2K bug. Population numbers have plummetted, leaving the survivors to re build all  known darkness, and swear to never make the same mistakes. If you ever read  only one book, ""2001"" must surely be it."
"1984 is unquestionably one of the greatest books in the history of English literature.  A terrifying look at the dangers of totalitarian government, it is ingeniously written and scarily realistic.  George Orwell is  meticulously thorough in his depiction of a world that is bleak, hopeless,  and horrifying--and perhaps not as distant as we think.  The writing style  is factual and almost impersonal, reflecting not only the government but  the people themselves, who have been reduced to unthinking robots.  Protagonist Winston Smith's resistance against Big Brother (the symbolic  leader of the Party) and ultimate complete acceptance and execution  demonstrate the debility and irresolution of the human mind and spirit.  The authoritarian government itself is eerily familiar, complete with  conspiracies, cover-ups, and double-dealing politicians.  While the year  1984 is long past, the book is still a relevant and potent warning of what  the future may bring if we let it.  The concept of 1984 is brilliant, the  writing is brilliant, and it is nearly impossible not to love this book.  1984 is a definite must-read for anyone.  Enthusiastically recommended; 5  stars."
"George Orwell's precient usage of potent imagery and insight have created one of the greatest books in the 20th century upon man's tragic destiny. Similiar to Huxley's view, the world of the future, even though set in the  past, serves to remind us that not only we are the creators of our destiny,  but the victims of it as well.  Orwell blends a rich texture of events and  circumstances in his character Winston providing the reader with not only a  character to apathize with, but also one to admire.  1984 is a great and  moving work which is well worth reading."
See? One-line reviews are easy! I think everyone's entitled to offer their opinion of this book without some idiot chiming in condescendingly to enlighten us. And thanks for making the assumption that no one but you  knows the difference between totalitarianism and communism -- Such an  assumption reveals an over-inflated ego coupled with actual ignorance: Two  things that go together quite often!
"After being a smart English teacher for 41 years in Venice, I've reached the conclusion that Nineteen Eighty-Four is a vivid satire on the Russian Revolution.  I read this book on the Supreme 747 PowerJet on my way to  Australia.  Despite being disturbed several times by male-stewardesses, I  was able to tell that this was a fantastic book.  It is unfortunate that  this book caused the writer years of sickness and was bedridden for the  remainder of his life.  And that I was not included in his will.  read this  book!Judas man Vanen"
"Orwell's 1984 is certainly one of the greatest novels ever written.  It is more than the socio-political commentary, on which many other reviewers have focused on solely, but has an enchanting love story weaved seemlessly  in to it. I apologise for my 'flowery' style, but I can not speak highly  enough of this novel.  It is also written to think about, not just to read.  I read a review which stated that the novel had a sad ending.  Once you  have read the book, ask yourself 'When is Winston at his most happy?'.  That is the books contradiction, and its achievement."
"I read 1984 for a book report. It is really interesting and doesn't make you bored. It is kind of disapointing in the end, but it is the most creative book i have ever read. Im 14 and i really enjoyed this book."
"The dismal,totalitarian way of life in Orwell's 1984 was very sad and seemed very discouraging when one comes to realize that much of what was foretold had already come to pass.Yet,we don't live in a Concentration  Camplike society yet,and many of them have vanished.Like Orwell's other  great book,Animal Farm,or even Wells' The Time Machine,this paints a  picture of society as it might be if certain directions were taken.And like  good satire should,it alerts us to make sure these directions aren't taken."
"George Orwell's nightmarish vision of 1984 proved not to be true, but an intellectual book all the same.  The first half, however, was quite dull, and took too long to get to the point.  But, if you have patience this book  can be a real pleasure."
An extremely moving and powerful book which reduced me to tears
"After reading some of the review I felt that people needed some information on this book.  First George Orwell was a socialist.  He fought on the side of the anarchists on the Spanish Civil War.  His book is not  about the dangers of communism but about the dangers of totalitarianism,  the two are unrelated, not that anyone knows this.  The book is also about  more than this.  It is about what is important in life, about humanity in  general, and about war, to name a few.  I think if people read it more  carefully they would find it more worthwhile, but then who cares what I  think."
"This was a good book.  I just finished reading it for a tenth grade English class and it was good.  It was kinda boring at first, but I liked it. I would recommend it to my friends."
"I literally continuously read this book for about nine months. I would finish the book in only a few days, but I absolutely loved it. I just started over and kept reading it and re-reading it. This is one of those  books where the plot got better every time and even knowing the ending did  not dampen the suspense. I thought this book is one of the greatest of its  class ever. Orwell is a true master."
George Orwell's book shows what could happen in any society and any government when collectivism and oneness are valued above any other idea.  Orwell tries to warn his readers into not letting go of the self for the  well-being of society. This book is a must for everone at least once.
"While embarking on this ""classic,"" don't expect to find yourself absorbed in a magnificant tale. 1984 is a redundant novel with unnecessary tangents and pages of contradicting philosophy. ...and must we really keep  reading in full detail the horror and disgust of Winston's vericose veins?!"
"When I try to think of my reaction to this book, it goes beyond enthusiam.  In fact, at first, I was speachless after reading the last sentence; the build-up was so intense that I actually thought that I was reading a  historical account of the human experience.  For those of you who haven't  read the afterword by Erich Fromm, I highly recommend you do.  He provides  a much needed explanation for Orwell.  This book offers a very important  vision, one that needs due evaluation.  If you read this account of the  future, you must read Huxley's Brave New World, as he offers an  alternative."
"I first read this book about 5 years ago ( being 9 years old !! ) and at the time I didn't understand it well, considering its a book based on life experiences but after it I felt sad and a little scared ( of O'Brien ). Now  I'm older ( and re-read the book ) I think different of the book. I find it  ironic that the bad reviews here tend to have the effect ""it never  happened and its unrealistic"" because they don't seem to think of the  effect some things have on them. Personally, I think its double-standards  to MAKE people read this since they have the freedom not to.This book  is brilliant. O'Brien is probably the scariest person created by an author,  and in the end when Winston traces 2+2=5 in the table you see the fraility  of the human spirit. You can see many parrells to today in many of the  events in the book ( people disappear in Latin America everyday ). I think  this is A LOT better than Animal Farm. Also, for those out there who gave  this 3 stars or less, 1984 is NOT insulting communism. You can see that it  represents other systems other than communism more. You can see where you  would fit in ( I would most probably be Syme ) and where you would turn  out. And the best thing about this is that the more you discover about  life, the more you discover in this book. I am no way near understanding  ALL points in 1984 since I am only 14. My ending note would be - READ, that  is if you dare... You'll be trapped into a new realm for life."
"People who see this book as merely an attack on the farce that was Russian communism are missing the real point.  1984 is a warning about trends that can easily devlop in any political system, try the one we got here in the  USA where we wage wars aganst virtually helpless nations in the name of  'humanitarianism'. (read: economic interests, yes kids, Vietnam taught the  State Department to fear organized anti-war sentiment, which is why we need  these elaborate and totally bogus rationalizations)  Orwell always belived  in social progress, he considered himself a socialist. 1984 was not meant  to deny socialism (meaning a system that promotes soical equality) but to  warn us of some prevalent inhumane political trends, among other things.  (if you think socialism means absolute equality, you need to actually read  some political theory)"
"I've been doing a whole lot of reading since the end of school and  1984 by George Orwell is definitely the best book.  1984 is a classic I reckon, but it's as compelling a the best science fiction by Asimov or Crichton. I  really enjoyed it. It's kind of disturbing at parts. I mean the way he  accuses society in general, about how this society is sickly, and how all  it does is separate people and suppress natural instincts. The best part of  the whole book is the Vocabulary part. how the government was reducing the  whole dictionary, eliminating words.  It was amazing to realize what power  words have. With words one can express his/her thoughts, that's why the  government was abolishing words, to stop anything against the  ""orthodoxy"" of the state. If you liked this book you may as well  want to read Animal Farm by him, a satire of communism. Well  enjoy. If you  want to discuss this feel free to email."
"1984 was by far one of the wierdest books i've ever read, but being a younger reader and this book being one of the first real science fiction novels itwas pretty good. I had to read this book as part of my summer  reading list, and i had to read to page 50 and start over because i was  confused. When i started to get into it it was a pretty good book. i usally  rate books on if i am hooked on the first 5 pages, i still wasn't hooked on  this one until way passed the 5th chapter. This was my first book by George  Orwell, i am going to try some more of his work and then have a better  picture of the writing he does."
I was entertained throughout the book wiht orwell's vision of the future.  Though I was unable to accept the ending.  I was not convinced that Winston truly loved Big Brother.  I felt that there was too muchh time skipped over  and not enough leading up to his revelation.
i thought it described well the possibilties of the power of the govbernment if we the people do notstnad up against the oppression the are providing.
"1984 is, in fact, where David Bowie got his idea for his album diamond dogs. both the novel and the record are extremely interesting. his song ""1984"" got me to read orwell's classic novel. i'm glad i read it!  definitely five stars!"
"It's eerie how much of Orwell's paranoia is actually infiltrating our country on a micro level today.  This book, although a work of fiction, didn't seem that far fetched, given the current state of affairs.  1984 is  a well written book that I barely managed to put down after I began reading  it.  I highly recommend it!"
"1984 by George Orwell is definetly a great book that I really liked.  It starts out kinda boring, going more than at least 10-20 pages without any dialogue.  However, the story soon started to pick up, detailing Winston  Smith's challenges in his world.  In this world, which to call  ""unique"" would be an understatement, the characters are faced  with restrictions that we fortunately never have to deal with.  Even though  I think the book would've been more exciting to read in the years before  1984, as there was more excitement and horror to imagine the prospect of  the book's story coming true, this book still reminds us of what could be."
"This book was excellant and scary as hell when your reading it and realize that a lot of things that are in it are happening in our country today.  Most people, myself included, who hear about this classic don't realize  that there's a tragic love story wrapped inside of the haunting world of  Orwell's 1984 that helps drive home the authors anti-utopian message. Also,  the realism of the book seems almost three-dimensional casting a crystal  clear picture of the nightmarish world of 1984 where Big Brother is always  watching you- not just what you say or do but, what your thinking.  Scarier  than anything Stephen King ever wrote- and more realistic."
"Every happy little socialist should read this book!  Orwell takes socialism of his day to the extreme, but today his veiw is not too far away.  What's the differance between Hillary Clinton and Big Brother?  The  mustache.---This book is an amazing picture of mankind and a warning to all  the people who want to steal the freedom from the individual(socialist)."
"1984 is not merely a warning against the possible less-than-ideal communist world. It is rather a combination of denigrations against most of the common held social, political, and religious beliefs. Socialism,  fascism, communism, Christianity, Zenism, and many other beliefs beyond the  tether of my knowledge. All these harsh criticisms are made clear in the  chapter about THE BOOK and part 3 of the whole novel. The denounciation  against Christianity, for example, can be clearly seen in the later section  of the book, when Winston is being tortured in Miniluv by O'Brien. The  purging of the old self through repentance and a renewal of the mind and  emotions, which are the ways to get in God's kingdom, are also the cores of  the lessons given by O'Brien to get Winston to become a part of  the Party.  O'Brien also mentioned that one can not change by himself, by can with the  help of the Party, or in Christianity, Jesus. These clear remarks relating  to Christianity, as well as to other beliefs, are implicit throughout the  novel. At the end, a conclusion is made, only democracy works. But this is  not why I didn't give it a five star, the reason is that descriptions of  Oceania are too awkward and peculiar. First above all, proles are still  humans, sooner or later they are going to revolve against a totalitarian  government. The wave of human development will break all the hinderance and  thrush on; it is never possible to stop history at a moment. Also the  theories of doublethink would never be practiced, how is it possible for  one to be self-contradictory to a degree the he or she can both believe and  not believe simultaneously? It is mentally incapable for humans. If it is  possible, then doublethink can easily turn against the Party and against  itself. These pedantic political ideas are fun to play with, but can never  practically practiced."
"When it was written in 1948, Before the Cold War, Communism was a popular idea in England.  Orwell, who favored Trotsky over Stalin, faught in the Spanish Civil War and fled for his live because of Stalins rise to power.  Orwell considered himself a Socialist, but he warns of socialism to the  extreme.  This book is a testament to mankind's willingness to forget the  past."
"I thought it was going to be a cheesy nostradomus-type thing, but it turned out to be a book about the rebellious nature of the human mind, as well as a testament to the number of those who do not understand those  things going on around them (the proles).  I've read it four times, and it  never loses its impact."
It was a very good description of life during anti-social time
"When I first read 1984 I thought most of the stuff in it was absurd; the thought police, the cameras in each and every street corner and house. But as I read on, I found out that Orwell was using these as instruments to  convey a much deeper message about what would become of society, and this  message itself about a world that is thought controlled with no tolerance  for deviation was much more important than what I considered their more  absurd concepts such as the thought police. I really would suggest most  people to read this book; the main protaganists Winston and Julia lead a  rebellion against an unjust society that I am sure you all will find in  your hearts very compelling."
"Enter a world where there is no past. Where the past is the present. Follow Winston as he thinks THOUGHT- CRIME, works on fake documents, and plots to shut down the system. Big Brother's eyes follow Winston Everywhere  he goes. If you want to see wether Winston accomplishes his mission, you  must read the book. After you read this book go check out the  1984 Movie.  But don't see the Movie unless you've read the book or else you will have  no idea what is going on in the movie."
"this was an excellent book.  the plot is great; it has suspence, and lots of other good things like that."
"Required reading. Unfortunately Orwell was not obvious enough.  1984 was not a prediction of what was to come.  Orwell was writing about what already existed.  As I read some reviews and talk to ""educated"" people, I'm amazed at how many believe that Orwell was not talking about America but rather some ""evil"" empire like Russia, China or Cuba.  Wake up Winston!  Big Brother has been alive and well for HUNDREDS of years.  Could terrorism be our present ""outside threat""?  It depends on whether outside means inside.  Ask Emperor Clinton.  Does sex mean sex?  Does Is mean is? Newspeak is here to stay.  If you'd like to read something clearly written about government and society look for HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD: The Elimination of Terrorism, Greed and Other Evils. (Available January 2002)"
This is THE most depressing book I have ever read.  It's just so hopeless.  It actually made me CRY at the end.  It's a really good insight into collectivism and totalitarianism.  Just an all around good book.
"More relevant than ever over 50 years after it was written.It is more frightening than any Steven King novel because this is where we are heading if we are not vigilant. Too many on the left are still hellbent in plunging us into a worldwide Orwellian nightmare. Just observe their obsessive Orwellism, where aggressors are defenders and defenders are aggressors, where justice is injustice and injustice is justice, where war is peace and peace is war, where freedom fighters are terrorists and terrorists are freedom fighters, and with its total lack of interest in facts and truth. Despite the chilling socio-political warning the book still shows us an endearingly poignant portrayal of humanity and love struggling to survive in totalitarian society which will not stop at anything to stamp out all that is good and compassionate. Next time you hear anyone refer to anything disparagingly as 'borgeois' think of the alternative to love,honour,fair play and all the noble things that some brand 'bourgeois' and therefore plan to destroy"
"The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them. In this time (2001), we have our ""Two Minutes Hate"" with Osama bin Laden.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about (e.g., thought control) are done in a quite blatant way in the book. In the real world of the 20th/21st century they're done, only much more subtly. That way, we don't know they being perpetrated on us.Here's how 1984 applies to current events:WAR IS PEACEThe new ""War on Terrorism"" is being sold as a guarantor or our safety. While this war is being waged, we're to accept  permanent war as a fact of life. As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas, we are told to go back to ""living our lives.""FREEDOM IS SLAVERY""Freedom itself was attacked,"" Bush said. He's right, though here's the twist: Americans are about to lose many of their most cherished freedoms in a frenzy of paranoid legislation. The government wants to tap our phones, read our email and seize our credit card records without court order. Further, it wants authority to detain and deport immigrants without cause or trial. To save freedom, we have to destroy it.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTHAmerica's ""new war"" against terrorism will be fought with unprecedented secrecy, including press restrictions not seen for years, the Pentagon has advised.When you read this book, you'll be better able to see the signs around you. The world portrayed by Orwell may well come to pass by the end of this century."
"thanks to right wing Republicans and Christians in this country.Great book! He was truly a visionary, how he predicted this coming.Good bye civil liberties!"
"""1984"" is a wonderfuly written book, but I woudn't recomend it as a before bed read. I ended up reading the last chapters while laying in bed. Big mistake! I would also not recomend this book to people under 13, or even 14. I'm 13, and I almost wish I had waited a couple years before reading it. In the climax of the story, I started crying from fear, and I'm constanly having to reasure myself that the world is not like that, and never will be. Don't get me wrong, I loved the book, and I encourage anyone who doesn't mind aquiring a slight sense of paranoia, to read it."
This book was nothing like I thought it was going to be. George Orwell saw how dim the world could be and he took it a step further into the future. The main character Winston Smith represents a world trying to reach for freedom and more than just a existence. He struggles with not conforming to Big Brother and in the end he fails. This book makes me think of what could have been but has not in America. I would recommend this book to anyone who needs another look at the freedom that we have.
"Sad, beautiful, nauseating, incredible, believable. All in one text. A masterpiece of the twentieth century. If you haven't read it yet, you owe this to yourself!"
I would like to make a very brief comment on other reviews.Wh do so many reviewers of this book confuse Socialism with Communism?
"""1984"" is hailed as the greatest novel of all time. I disagree. Had this been written at a  different time, it would have been hailed differently. The fact remains, however, that this was the Cold War and  everyone hated Communism. Thus anything that was against it, no matter how  false or trivial, was inflated beyond belief. This wasn't limited to 1984;  it was present in the case of Solzhenitsyn. Solzhenitsyn wrote a  well-written anti-Soviet novel, therefore Solzhenitsyn was hailed as a hero  of democracy, even though his subsequent books were mediocre. I do not  believe that 1984 is a travesty because it lacks action. I believe that  this book is  a travesty because it is false.People say that this novel  had an exquisitely crafted plot which readers such as myself are too daft  to comprehend. They may be right. However, Orwell did not craft this  exquisite plot. It was gleaned from Zamyatin's _We_, for starters.  Secondly, this was the topic of the day. _Everyone_ was writing about how  bad and evil communism was. _Everyone_ was taking pain to diffuse the  utopian philosophies of the previous century. The societies of 1984 and  Brave New World are very similar. 1984 and Animal Farm are the same book  with the names changed. As I stated originally, the characters of the two  novels are identical. Napoleon is Big Brother, or perhaps O'Brien, Boxer is  Winston, Snowball is Goldstein, Squealer is Mr. Charrington, etc. Orwell  plagiarized himself, Zamyatin, and countless other authors who wrote about  the exact same thing.Orwell was not meaning to denegrate the theory of  communism, becuase he was not familiar with the theory of communism. He was  meaning to denegrate Russia and socialism and show them exactly the way the  West portrayed them. It makes no difference that he was at some point a  member of the Communist Party. If you read Richard Wright's _Black Boy_,  you will see several Americans who were in the American Communist Party,  yet didn't know the ideals they claimed to represent. They were in it for  the fun. Ditto George Orwell.People say that Orwell had to understand a  theory that was developed in his own country. I say: pfft. Firstly, many  middle-class Americans today believe that excerpts from the Declaration of  Independence are Communist propaganda meant to subvert American minds in  the Cold War. (You know, the parts that say ""all men are created  equal""?) Secondly, communism was not developed in England and Karl  Marx did not have sole rights to it. The ideas behind it were conceived in  the epoch of Enlightenment by French philosophers.I do not say Orwell is  retaliating against anything. That implies he had something against it. I  believe he was simply playing upon the mood of the day to please the  public. Say what they want to hear and add some sex in there to make it  interesting and it will sell. People view him as God's prophet; I view him  as a boring, unoriginal one-hit wonder who wanted to make a buck rehashing  much-talked-of, much-written-of themes."
"This book is amazing. The author manages to make you believe in this terrifying futuristic setting while at the same time makes each character real and very human. His explanations of this horrific society make them  seem far too real. Even the ending, though not what you would want, you  must grudgingly admit is realistic.  Once you enter 1984 you will always  see 1999 differently"
"Even more scary when you realize that Orwell is not just talking about the potential of a totalitarian regime: he's exaggerating an already-existing reality. A truly great book, and doesn't take long to read (I took just a  few hours)."
Caters to the paranoia inside you.  Everyone should read this book
"""Does Big Brother exist?"" ""Yes."" ""In the same way I exist?"" ""You do not exist, Winston.""Beauty can sometimes take strange forms.  Beneath the decaying architecture and  verminous rats of Ninteen Eighty-For's gangrenous surface there is a  glorious centre, one which screams out profoundly that it is a master of  all it says and that George Orwell is the master of his cxreation.The  book was completed, ironically, in Ninteen Fourty-Eight when Orwell had  seen the future.  He had fought in the Spanish Civil War and had lived  through the Second World War.  The future, as he saw it, was a brutal  labrynth of pain and torture, where the only way to escape the pain of  everyday life was to become oblivious to it: to succumb without  reervation.Orwell casts us into a paralell universe where events post  1945 turned out quite differently.  Among the shambolic ruins of the  ninteenth-century buildings there exists the Party: a totalitarian entity  which monitors its citizens with greater zeal than it fights its wars.  The  Party controls the vast super state of Oceania, permanently at war with its  corresponding entities, Eastasia or alternately Eurasia.  Winston Smith is  the fragile everyman, a man who has somehow kept his sanity and some degree  of individuality.  He rebels against the regime by falling in love with a  woman who thinks along similar lines.  His rebellion is touching yet we  know what it ultimately entails.But there is an underlying sense of  poetry to the great book as those who read Lord of The Rings will testify  to feeling a sense of history.  The novel makes no excuses for its  treatment of the charcters.  People are brutalised, subverted, their minds  twisted into bizzare forms of life and then ultimately destroyed.  Yet  through all the turns it takes, Ninteen Eighty-Four leaves a deep  impression on us and its message echoes throughout our society.Beauty is  such a strange thing.""There can be no love, except love for the  party.  If you want an image of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a  human face...forever."""
"Simply put, I beleive 1984 to be the greatest piece of writing of the 20th century."
"What can one say about this book that has not been said before...it is one of the most powerful works one can ever read, which is forever fresh and remains relevant no matter what era it is read in."
"George Orwell has to be one of the most gifted satirical authors (and prophets) of the 20th century. I did not read this for school, although the only reason I picked it up in the first place was to be ahead of my Lit.  class next year. I would be glad to read this book many times over, and  hope my classmates will engage in some of the discussions on the books  undertones on the strength (or lack thereof) of the human spirit that my  family did. This amazing piece of work stands as my favorite book of all  time, and the starting point that lead me to dystopian works of Aldous  Huxley, and even Kurt Vonnegut."
"1984 is about several things but mostly it is about language: the fact that a vibrant and expanding language is the greatest sign of freedom while the destruction and reduction of language is the path to opression.  This  and the description of the many approaches used by the state to assure the  loyalty of its people make this an all-time great.  Plotwise, the key  approach is the use of Emanuel Goldberg to locate and draw out those who  are not loyal to Big Brother.  My only problem with the book is the reprint  of Goldberg's entire manuscript, which unnecessarily rehashes much of the  first third of the book.  But this one flaw is not enough to take it down a  star.  This needs to be read by everyone."
george oewells greates book ever . showa the up and downs of totalitarianism u have to read it.
This book tells us about how one person's Total thinking can be altered by means of a simple tool called Torture.
In my opinion this is Orwell's best novel and is  also my favorite book. It can happen to us as long as their are power hungry human beings in this world.
"naturally, the first thing i noticed in this book was orwell's depiction of communism and fascism. but orwell also drew a parallel between the oceanic society and religion, where a bad thought is a crime, hypocracy is common, the demands of the religion considered freedom, ignorance your only  true strength and, yes, two plus two can equal five. Big Brother can  portray not only a dictator, but god. does he really exist? no one has ever  seen him. of course, this is only secondary to the main theme of this book,  totalitarian governments. this book can be interpreted on many levels. to  all those people saying this book was slow and boring: i'm 15 and if i can  understand it, you should be able to also."
"In my British Lit class we had to read a wide variety of books. From Jane Eyre to Brave New World to 1984, I enjoyed every one.1984 is a truely inspirational book that engrossed me in it until I finished, two weeks  earlier than we were supposed to. It, as well as all the other books I read  in that class, made me want to go back to the classics and read them.It  gave me inspiration that not all classics are dull and boring."
"It is basically the best book I have ever read.  I could talk about the complexity and undertones forever, but the only way to get the full effect is to read it."
"In a controlled world, people live there lives under the scruntinying eye of the telescreens. History is changed time after time ,the fear of the ""Thought Police"" is grave , a new language is born and war is  perpetual. Among this mess, a forbidden love occurs in which they break the  law and discuss their hatred about ""Big Brother"", the undisputed  leader. They join a rebel organization, they are caught and left to the  tender mercies of the ""Thought Police"" and room 101."
"""1984"" by British political writer George Orwell (whose real name was Eric Blair)is simply the best  book ever written. It is the story of one man's struggle to live a normal life and find true love in the  forever-dark, totalitarian society of 1984. Terrifying. Compelling.  Heartbreaking. Unforgettable. Read it. It'll change the way you think. Also  watch the movie with John Hurt and Richard Burton."
"Nineteen Eighty Four offers a harrowing glimpse into the totalitarian state.  Previous posters are correct that Orwell NEVER intended his novel to be an indictment against Communism.  After all, Orwell himself fought  against the Franco Regime during the Spanish Civil War - on the side of the  Republicans AND Socialists.  I would like to respond to a certain (British)  poster thus: The individual reads and relates his interpretation of a  novel/philosophy to the modern situation in which he/she finds him/herself.  This would inevitably lead some to relate Nineteen Eight Four to a modern  totalitarian society based upon the personality cult, e.g., North Korea  (Kim jong Il, Our Dear Leader)."
"This is the best book I have ever read!!  Once it was in my hand it went everywhere with me, I was comopletely unable to put it down for a second and once I had finished it I had to read it again. It is one of the finest  examples of 20th century literature and a must read for everyone.  Orwell  shows his total command for the english language and defines himself as one  of the greatest writers of all time."
"Orwell's descrption of a dark future is so perceptive it is truly frightening.The world that our hero steps into is not an evil world, it is not a fantasy description of a world where evil creatures beyond our  world has taken over and forced humanity into slavery. Rather it is a world  where the dark sides of the human nature has been given the chance to rule.  The book holds numerous references to the horrors of stalinism and nazism  as well as describing the problems with democracy (the same argument that  he brilliantly describes in his previous novels and essays). Also it shows  the problem of the individual within the collektive and how easily groups  and structures can hold the individul hostage. I belive that this book goes  beyond describing a world that was, but instead should be held up against a  world that could be if we are not carefull.I recomend this (and any  other Orwell) book with every fiber in my body ."
This was by far the best book i have ever read. This book is a very chilling description of what could happen in the future if the government is not curved. Thank God this book & animal farm are required reading  at our school.
"George Orwell's 1984 is the best book ever to be written.  With frightening images of a future that is not only possible but also probable, Orwell reveals the truth about Communist governments.  Images such as the  ever-present Big Brother that is always watching and the thought police  really hit hard.  1984 is a great book that EVERYONE should read."
"If you enjoy Orwell, I am delighted to direct you to another  ""Orwellian"" novel, THE LAST DAY, by Glenn Kleier. In  THE LAST DAY, Kleier tackles the subject of authority  in organized religion with startling ""Orwellian""  manner  and outrageous wit and irreverence. LAST DAY is  a  classic, watershed novel in the manner of  1984. I found it a  riveting read, and one  that I greatly encourage all Orwell fans  fans to  experience."
"This is an excellent book that I feel everyone should read.  It was written in the late 40's and gives us view of what is to come in 1984(at least dealing witht the government).  There are 3 main characters in this  story,Winston Smith, Julia, and O'Brien.  The story is about Big  Brother(Government) watching over and listening to our thoughts at all  times.  Winston share his emotions with Julia.  Winston finally dies in the  end after excepting Big Brother.  I wont tell you the whole story because  you'll have to read it yourself."
"There are two major types of morons in this world; Those who think 1984 is science-fiction and therefore should be full of action (It has no plot they say!)and those who believe that the entire premise of the novel is unfair  because it denegrates poor old misunderstood communism.Firstly,  Orwell's disturbing novel has an exceptional plot which is exquisitely  crafted and gorgeously realised, it's just that most readers are too daft  to comprehend it. Plot does not have to include massive progressions and a  resolution which is life-affirming. Ultimately, fine plots are those which  aren't obvious, which are overlooked by the lay reader who insists that  reading should be as passive as the almighty television (bane of the stupid  and spreader of more propaganda than any other device). Orwell's plot is in  truth the major influence on this novel, followed by realistic  characterisation.Secondly, Orwell's intention is quite obviously not to  denegrate the theory of communism perse. In fact he was a member of the  communist party as one other reviewer has already stated. Sadly however,  that reviewer insisted (Probably because he/she is in his/her late teens or  early twenties and attending university where the idea of communism is at  the moment quite novel to him/her.)Orwell was soured by communism and  didn't understand it as American communist's did not understand the party.  To expect an intelligent person to believe that Orwell was incapable of  understanding communism is remarkable in it's obscene stupidity.  Furthermore to suggest an Englishman was incapable of understanding a  theory which was developed in his own country is proposterous (Yes. Karl  Marx lived for many years and died in England where he is buried.)While  there are those who would suggest that Orwell is retaliating against  communism, they are dreadfully inaccurate. Ultimately, what 1984 is about  is a fear of all levels of politics and not merely communism.1984 is  not about political propaganda but the human spirit. While the fascist  power's of Big Brother are a lynchpin to the novel it is the squelching of  the human spirit which is the over-riding theme. It's true, of course, that  Orwell is satiring the communist Russia of the time but is this actually  going to be considered an attack on the ideals of communism? Essentially,  Orwell's point was that political powers could not possibly bring about  utopia and that the communist ideal, while exceptionally dignified in  theoretical terms, was subject to human nature and misuse. It is not  communism but people who brought about the world of Oceania. Communism was  just the political tool used along the way.The power in Orwell's novel  can be missed by morons but never the informed reader. His vision is,  today, as powerful as ever and a potent reminder of what any political  system can achieve if misused, not just communism. 1984 is a study in human  character and human frailty and it is only those who are disturbed by the  stark truth of Orwell's vision that will not see both the power and the  terror in his fictional world. Indeed the human spirit is infinitely  malleable."
I recomend this book to anybody. A warning that must not be ignored
"This book is one of the markers of it's time.  It is amazingly horrifying in it's portrayl of our future.  There is so much to be learned and feared from this book that it can give you nightmares.  This is one of the best  books I have ever read and chewed on in discussion.  The ideas and theories  - the concept of ""Big Brother"" definitely gives me the feeling  that this is what a Nazi rule would have been like."
"George Orwell's graphic depiction of how he views the future is pulled tightly into the bindings of 1984.  He is prebiased due to a short affiliation with Communism and the aftermath throws him into a world of  pessimism.  1984 allows you to look into the mind of a pessimist.  Many  feel the book is also a large mockery of revolution.  This book is great to  anyone interested in Communism, or just a good book.  Also good books by  Orwell are Homage to Catalonia, Animal Farm, and the Road to Wigan Pier."
1984 by George Orwell is a captivating book about what could happen if a government was given too much power.  What makes the story all the more interesting is the  fact that it is not impossible for such a government to  grow in a society that would let it.  The story of Winston Smith is just  the background for a chilling description of a dictatorship gone too far.  The relationship between Winston and Julia tries to show that human nature  does not allow a person to love someone else more than themselves.  The  book overall shows that all the faults we have now can someday turn us into  the society in 1984.
"Of course, all the comments are correct. Nineteen Eighty-Four is a marvelous book, but  shouldn't one always begin a sentence with a word and not a number? Should not we say: ""Nineteen Eighty-Four is a book  by..."" instead of ""1984 is a book by...""?"
"An excellent and horrifying view of a possible future for our world.  Written in 1949, ""1984"" takes place in a future ruled by a rutheless and violent governemnt that watches all its citezins. The story's  main character is Winston Smith, who's life is changed after buying an old  journal and simply writing the words, ""DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER""  From there, paranoia turns into realised fear as everything Winston does  makes him a target for the governments thought police, who are everywhere.  Orwell does not hold back in his warning to the citezins of a free world of  what may happen if one day we stopped watching ourselves and those who  govern us.  Don't take advantage of your feedom."
this is one of the greates books i have ever read it goes along with orwells great reputation of pplitical novles it left me wondering on how the human race is so week and breakable once you pass the first page you  will not put it down till you finsh it
"This book has been on my shelf for years. It was required reading for many students when I was in high school in the early 1960s. My Father read it in college in the early 1950s. It's required in many courses at Universities  today. And, I discovered that eighth graders were reading it in a local  school just this last year! The book, contrary to the opinions of those  earlier reviewers who gave it a poor rating, is still a major classic. It  is not only studied in literature courses, but also in classes in political  science, history, semantics, and even advertising. It is an extrapolation  of the grim world predicted by Orwell if totalitarianism and the perfect  police state gain true power. This is an important work to read. Abuse and  manipulation of power is a timeless topic. In the world of this novel,  power is the only thing that counts. [Note that there is another book that  readers might be interested in. Orwell used it as a ""stepping  stone."" The book is ""We"" by Yevgeny Zamiatin (or, Zamyatin)  first published in 1924.] Personally, I also find the whole subject on how  language is used to alter people's thoughts (and even the direction of  their thoughts) is fascinating. The presentation provides considerable  insight into journalism, political speeches, political correctness, and  advertising. (Newspeak: ""The purpose of Newspeak was not only to  provide a medium of expression for the world-view and mental habits proper  to devotees of Ingsoc, but to make all other modes of thought  impossible."") Many of the words coined by Orwell have become quite  common (for example, doublespeak, crimethink, newspeak, etc.) Winston Smith  is a worker in the Ministry of Truth whose job requires him to  ""alter"" the past by rewriting history (""who controls the past,  controls the future""). In his world there is no privacy (""Big Brother"" is  always watching), individuals with unorthodox ideas are executed, and  perpetual warfare exists between three global powers (who keep the war  going to keep their populations controlled). The Thought Police attempt to  control people's minds by what they see, hear, and experience. When Winston  falls in love (a crime) with Julia, the Party tries to destroy this  ""crimethink."" Smith's ""reeducation"" destroys his individuality  and spirituality. The ""place where there is no darkness"" is not  the light of Truth. It is the light in the torture room in the Ministry of  Love."
THIS BOOK GOES STRAIGHT FOR THE THROAT OF COMMUNISM.  I LOVED THIS BOOK.  it moved and enspired me.  DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER!!! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER!!! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER!!! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER!!!  FREEDOM IN  ITS PUREST FORM DEMANDS INEQUALITY...AND THATS THE WAY THINGS SHOULD BE.  ORWELL UNDERSTOOD IT PERFECTLY.
"This is a good book, it just brings bad memories since the point in my life when I had to read it for my English class is one of those bad times.  I really wouldn't mind if I never see nor hear of this book for all of  eternity from this day forth because the mere thought of it is kind of  depressing.  But all emotion aside and inhibitions up, the book itself is  quite good."
"1984 WAS THE BEST BOOK THAT I HAVE EVER READ. I WOULD ENCOURAGE EVERYONE AT SOME POINT TO READ THIS BOOK. ORWELL'S THOUGHTS OF THE FUTURE WERE VERY REAL AND SOMEWHAT FRIGHTENING. IT WAS A COMPLICATED BOOK TO READ, WITH SO  MUCH COMING AT YOU AT ONCE. OFTEN I FOUND MYSELF READING PARTS OF THE BOOK  OVER AGAIN AND FINDING SOMETHING THT I HAD MISSED OR FORGOTTEN. IT WAS  ALMOST LIKE THE BOOK WAS PLAYING WITH MY MIND."
"The book shows the extent to which civilization can go to.  While it's pretty scary and shows a gloomy foreshadowing to life, I enjoyed the storyline and the imaginative world that George Orwell imagined."
"Other books that examine fictional fascist states include Jack London's ""Iron Heel"" (1908), which looks at plutocratic, monopolistic capitalism as the evil regime, and Nabakov's ""Bend Sinister""  (1947), which examines the struggles of an intellectual in a fictional  totalitarian regime.  Both are fine reads, and both were published before  Orwell's ""Nineteen Eighty-Four""."
"Not horrible as in bad; horrible as in evil and twisted. I loved every word of this book, but I would not recommend it to very many people. People who like to play mind games would absolutley love this book, but it is  definatley not for everyone , as some reviews have shown.  My opinion is  that it is one of the best books I have ever read!!"
"While this work clearly explores the effects of Big Brothers totalitarian regime upon the individual, I must agree with the comments made by a reader from Brisbane, Australia, as this is not in any way an attack upon  Communist ideology. As for comments made by another (American) reader,  Orwell does not set out to somehow reveal a 'secret Communist agenda' and  does not attempt to portray a Socialist government. Many references made  throughout the novel actually highlight his opposition to fascism and the  extreme right, after the devastation of World War II.  While ultimately,  Orwell successfully explores the impact of complete political control by a  small elitist group over a general population, his work is deliberately  politically non-specific. 1984 applies to a number of regimes based upon  general terror, and not directly to Communism, which in many cases has  arisen, and is sustained, through popular demand."
"I first read this book 4 years ago, at the age of 13, and it became one of the most important influences on my life.  When I finished it for the first time, I was simply amazed, and have read it four times since. One thing I'd  like to say about this novel: stop regarding it as 'political'! People make  alot of references to it when talking politics (ie the relations between PC  and Newspeak, etc) but this isn't the book's main purpose. This is a book  about a man struggling to find freedom, happiness and truth under an  oppressive government of power freaks.  It also asks philosophical and  psychological questions, such as 'what is truth?', and 'what does it take  to break the human spirit?' , which are masterly integrated into the plot.  The aesthetics and reality of this novel are also great. It really adds to  the suspense and mood of the novel. That's all I have to say.  When you're  done and feel like something a little more uplifting, read its 1994 sequel,  ""Orwell's Revenge"""
"Orwell is not my favorite author, obviously. 1984 may have been the crux of his career, but for me it is the worst book ever. It is most obviously an attempt at satire of communism. The thing here is, does the author or  any of his readers know what communism is? There are so many parallels  between 1984 and Animal Farm, his other acclaimed book. Big Brother is  Napoleon, of course. (parody of Stalin) Snowball is Goldstein (parody of  Trotsky). The windmill is the Flying Fortress, what keeps being rebuilt  over and over. There is little original about this novel.How do the  numerous sexually abundant scenes in this book help its role as a satire?  All that happens is Winston has sex with Julia. There is a constant war  with a country, and the hint is that Oceania is THE only country in the  world. Does this hint that communism creates a warlike society?  Communism in its true form is a state no government has yet achieved. It  occurs when the level fo technology becomes so great that machines do all  the dirty work (i.e. growing crops, making clothes) and humanity can devote  itself to higher, sophisticated pursuits, like drama or science. It is  originally a state of peace, not war. There is no money in a society. There  is no government, because everyone can do what they want to do. So bleak  compared to Orwell's paranoia. Communism is too often regarded as the  ""bad thing."" Nobody really understands it. Did Orwell? The fact  that he was once a member of the Communist Party makes no difference. As  Richard Wright pointed out, Americans in that party hardly understood it  either."
"This book is an excellent book but it has been misinterpreted.  It is a warning of what could happen, not what is inevitable."
"George Orwells, 1984, was an astonishing book, it gave an insight to what might be, if the totalitarian, reign had made it;s way to England.  His style of writing was very unique and appealing, and the views he managed  get across, were extremley profound.  Especially, in the end, when he  losses all hope of rebillon and begins to love Big Brother, and tyurns his  back on his love Julia.  He surprised to hell out of me , when Mr.  Charrington, and O'Brien, were actually thought police.  It was a  masterpiece."
"""My recent novel is NOT intended as an attack on Socialism or the British Labour Party (of which I am a supporter) but as a show-up of the perversions to which a centralised economy is liable and which have already  been partly realised in Communism and Fascism. I do not believe that the  kind of society I describe necessarily _will_ arrive, but I believe  (allowing of course for the fact that the book is a satire) that something  resembling it _could_ arrive."" (G.O., letter to Francis A. Henson, 16  June 1949)This is not Orwell's best book. I've read it three times,  and never failed to be underwhelmed. Try _Down and Out in Paris and  London_, _Homage to Catalonia_ or _A Collection of Essays_ for insightful  writing, and stay away from the satires (the other being _Animal Farm_)."
"Orwell says so much in so few pages. Once and a while an author comes along and writes a work of art. This is one of those times. Open your minds people,Orwell,Salinger,Golding,Huxley,Bradbury and many more. These books  are truly priceless. Read and learn!!!"
"This book wasn't bad, but it wasn't good.  It was weird.  It was somewhat clever.  I especially enjoyed the real-life aspects of the story. (eg. Winston and Julia)  N E how, I was slightly disturbed by the  communism/socialism factor of Big Bro -  Jewish ppl rule in various ways -  and this was not one of em.  I can't get a mental note of Winston, but I'm  sure he was a handsome fella - too bad the lifestyle was so darn crass."
"I read this amazing book by George Orwell while I was ten (that's right, ten) for fun. I enjoyed it as much as anyone else if not more.  George Orwell has an amazing talent that only so many writers posess. He  expresses, very well, the things of which he predicted about the future. He  wrote many wonderful books: Down and Out, in Paris and London, 1984, and  lots more!George Orwell has done an amazing job in telling what the  world looked like it was coming to in 1948 (when he wrote the book)."
I thought the book was good to read. It gave me an idea of how the world really could be if it wanted to. I enjoyed reading it. I kept me in suspence.
"this has got to be the greatest book i have ever read.it kept me in suspence to the very last.it can be taken on so many levels.  the best thing about it is the ending, where unlike day of  the triffids or any other contemperies,there is not one glimpse of hope  which is better than  ""they live happily ever after""  BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING!!!!!"
"I read this book for fun (yeah, some of us still do that, even in the 9th grade), and it turned out to be one of my all time favorites.  I love science fiction novels, and this is one that hits me on many levels.  A  totalitarianistic future where everything you do is monitered, even your  thoughts.  One wrong thought, and you could end up in Miniluv (Newspeak for  the Ministry of Love).  Orwell creates a world so believeable that I have  dreamt about societies like that.  Read this book, and always remember, Big  Borhter is watching."
"In 1984, Everything you do, everywhere you go can be detected an analysed. Some might say the tracking device built in to the new ""Pentium III"" processors which can report on where you visited and snitch on  what you like to buy, is a step in this direction. Don't accept the  popular view, look at ALL the evidence and make your own and die defending  the right for you and others to do so."
"1984, To us a year past; to mankind, an unwanted future. Who are you if not your own thoughts, memories and emotions? What is man without love? ""1984"" shows us clearly that humanity is the freedom to  say ""2+2=4"" and the freedom to believe it. The book portarys a  dark future for mankind where there is no past except that written by the  rulers, mankind has no free thought and all basic vestiges of the human  spirit have been systematically ""cut out and cauterised"" to serve  one purpose, that the ""party"" should 'freeze time' so that they  can rule totally and brutally for ever with the object of power for powers  sake.  What if you feel you are the last vestige of humanity, but  everything you do, everyone you speak to every twitch or drop of nervous  sweat your body makes can be seen, heard and analysed. Where your only  refuge is inside your own head and even then the thought police have just  one objective, to track you and those like you down and to create you again  in their own image.1984- A future where humanity is not human, love is  forbidden and power over others is enough reason in itself for having  it. Beware- ""Big Brother is Watching You."""
"This was an excellent book, and I recommend this to everybody.  It held me in suspense till the very end.  The way it makes you think emotional and psychologically about the love of Winston and Julia, and how Big Brother  destoryed it.  The mutual trust between Winston and the man he trusted and  how it was broken, and the pain he suffered more mentally than physically  really make you think.  After reading this book, I am sure you will be  pondering its agenda and reality for time to come, and you will learn to  think of your own life and freedom. I recommend also ""Animal  Farm"" by George Orwell Also an excellent look at communism."
"George Orwell's masterpiece, 1984, is a thoroughly astonishing look at a dystopian future- a ""negative utopia"" where free thought is a crime punishable by death.  Winston Smith, an allusion both to Winston  Churchill and to the common man (Smith being the most common English last  name), is a member of the Outer Party of the Republic of Oceania, and lives  in London.  His job is the rewriting of past records for the further  glorification of ""Big Brother"", a figurehead that has come to be  synonomous with any activity of invasion of privacy by our own government.  Stripped of the simplest rights, like the right to free speech or the right  to record any events or possess any records of the past, 1984 is the story  of Winston's struggle to overturn both Big Brother and the ideas that he  stands for.  This book won't fail to impress, nor to depress- thoroughly  sad at many different levels."
"It is hard to belive that a totalitarian government can happen, People say it can't, but in truth it has. George Orwell's book has almost in a cense read the future. Take what happened in Stazi Germany, it is identical. And  i belive that anyone who can guess at the future like that and be so right  is deserving of some complement. And for the people out there who think  that the readers of this book are all paranoied they are wrong. Read this  book and then take a look around, how close are we really?"
"Fantastic!!  This is a terrific novel for those who enjoy science-fiction.  George Orwell uses satire to portray warfare as being ""the norm"" for the future.  I would recomend this novel for people who wanted to see  how others viewed the future in the past."
"Without a doubt, 1984 has to be one of the most intriguing books I have ever read.  The frightening effects that totalitarian governments can have on the world are played out to the fullest extent in this book.  Once I started reading, I couldn't put it down!"
"Orwell is one of the most overrated novelists of this century.  He's nothing more nor less than a second-rate hack who profiteered by preying on the worst fears of modern man.  Today, his book is the modern bible of the  paranoid disgruntled white male and other conspiracy nutcases.  Yet another  fairy tale, albeit a grown-up one, warns us to  LOOK OUT for that  proverbial boogy man--Big Brother, in this case, being the latest in a long  line of aliases he goes under.  Perhaps Orwell's ""Newspeak""  should include these additions: ""Propaganda is Truth"";  ""Truth is Absolute""; ""Freedom springs from Fear"";  ""Extremism is Virtue.""  This book has never made anyone stop to  think, but, instead, to fear and hate one more faceless abstraction.  Contemporary paranoia gets a much more powerful portrayal in the works of  Thomas Pynchon, such as ""The Crying of Lot 49.""  At least IT has  the virtue of being well written."
"Orwell is one of the most overrated novelists of this century.  He's nothing more nor less than a second-rate hack who profiteered by preying on the worst fears of modern man.  Today, his book is the modern bible of the  paranoid disgruntled white male and other conspiracy nutcases.  Yet another  fairy tale, albeit a grown-up one, warns us to  LOOK OUT for that  proverbial boogy man--Big Brother, in this case, being the latest in a long  line of aliases he goes under.  Perhaps Orwell's ""Newspeak""  should include these additions: ""Propaganda is Truth"";  ""Truth is Absolute""; ""Freedom springs from Fear"";  ""Extremism is Virtue.""  This book has never made anyone stop to  think, but, instead, to fear and hate one more faceless abstraction.  Contemporary paranoia gets a much more powerful portrayal in the works of  Thomas Pynchon, such as ""The Crying of Lot 49.""  At least IT has  the virtue of being well written."
"The first time I read this, it scared the heck out of me, and I thank god that this did not happen in 1984, or anyother year for that matter. This is a chilling and scary look at a futuristic tolitarinism (I don't think I  spelled that right) society. This book is written so well that once you get  started, you can't put it down. Great book!"
"The book 1984 is undoubtedly on of the greatest books of all times and deals with many issues today.  It covers areas such as privacy, alteration  of the english language and freedom of thought.  As the government in 1984  used Ingsoc to alter the meaning of words and limit them to total  neutrality, so do the mondern day politicaly correct.  The alteration of  language is an alteration of thought and it is wrong.  I recommend the book  ""Straight and Crooked Thinking""  by T.H. Thouless to gain a true  understanding of the english languge and how it affects the way we think."
"Let me say, I am 13 years old (everyone says i act like im 50) and this book was an unbeleivable of what society is coming to. Not just Communist society either, it portrays any society, even a Democracy."
1984 only 4.5 stars rectif
"1984 pulled me in as I closed my eyes and hopes that the world would never become as corrupt as it was in Winston's world. Freedom of speech, thought, and everything and anything else that we hold dear was snatched away from  the world. The Inner Party controls all and creates the stories of the  past, present, and future. 2+2=5, and telescreens watch you at all times.  This is what has happened on earth in George Orwell's hit, 1984. Although  Orwell may not have predicted the future as it is now, it is still an  exceptional book. Winston Smith's life is in constant jeopardy from the  thought police and telescreens. The first mistake Winston makes is buying a  journal. Then he writes in it, and the rest of the ""crimes"" come  naturally. Eventually, the thought police catch him, and try to make him  ""sane."" My favorite passage is when Winston and his counselor are  talking in the ""Ministry of Love,"" which is where thought  criminals are taken when they are caught. His counselor says,""  Winston, you know, my mind is just like yours, but you're insane.""  They continue their talk. The story's atmosphere, as you could have guessed  is overwhelming. The descriptive voice used so realistically however, moves  you through Winston's mind, and where ever he goes. At times the book can  be extremely slow, yet the last chapter picks up the pace, and excitement  level. Bear with the book. As I just mentioned, the first two chapters of  the book are not the most thrilling, but they have to be there, or the  final chapter would not make sense. Mostly the book was enjoyable, and I  kept saying to myself, "" Oh, this is what the world would be like if  the Democratic Party ruled."" It was exceedingly disturbing.  I  have to admit, the book was not my favorite, and would probably not even  qualify to be on my list as on of my top five favorites. However, the  description of the book filled me with emotion. Read 1984 sci-fi fan or  not, I believe you'll enjoy the book. I did, despite its numerous flaws."
"This book was absolutely amazing. Very intense reading. Make sure you do something hope-producing after you read this (watching ""Braveheart"" worked for me) so that it doesn't permanently sour  your world-view."
"1984 was a fantastic book!  the entire book is a frightening portrayal of the future that grabs the reader and refuses to let go... a true 20th century classic.  the ending gave me nightmares for months, which is an  amazing feat considering the multimedia-less venue that is literature.  big  brother has to be one of the most menacing icons ever unleashed upon the  minds of the bookreading populace.  i heartily recommend this book to  anyone and everyone."
"There's not much you can say about this book that hasn't been said a thousand times before. It is well-written, the characters are excellently portrayed, the themes are strong and compelling... But for me the one thing  this novel does better than all that is paint an atmosphere. Orwell draws  you into the world he creates so expertly you can *feel* the sense of  oppression, it's so real it is perfectly palpable. When the lead characters  breaks free, you will him with all your soul to succeed... One of the  greatest books ever written. And one of the most affecting."
"This is a very well written book, I just had trouble understanding it.  The  begining wasn't too bad, but the more I read the less I enjoyed it."
i'm reading this book in my english class right now and i'm actually not even done... i'll admit in the beginning it was pretty slow and kind of boring but we're almost done with it now and i really like it.. i'm not too  into reading or anything and it's pretty hard for me to find a book i  like... i guess what i'm saying is that it's a good book and people should  read it :)
"Among the vast titles in the dystopia genre, 1984 stands out as one of the most exceptional.  In an amazing combination of followable story line and wonderfully hideous prediction of the future (well, technically, the past),  George Orwell created an important commentary on the state of human nature  now, and what it has the ability to become.  Right from the beginning, one  dives into the London of Winston Smith, and follows his daily drudgery.  Through his experiences and thoughts, the reader is sucked into the  individual's fight for individuality in the face of the most extreme facist  oppression.  Throught systems of constant war, thought control, and the  censorship and redefinitions of history, the illusive Big Brother is able  to control what people hear, see, and think.  The world created in 1984 can  chill your soul, but the struggle of Winston Smith will reaffirm your  belief in humanity."
"I loved this book, and couldn't put it down. It should be required reading if it is not already. What I find so intriguing is how did Orwell have such vision? I know writers have unequalled ability but to me Orwell's abilities  were almost shocking! He was a definitely a man out of time, I have to say.  I'm reading another great book now. I picked up Mind Bomb by John Mayer at  Xlibris.com, and it's making me lose sleep as well.  Thanks  Phoebe37@aol.com  for recommending it in your review.  I am now getting  another  whiff of World O[dor] :-)  --Henry"
"George Orwell is a master of prose and 1984 is quite possilby the most real, eye-opening book that has ever been put on paper.  Even today, 60 years later, it is still frighteningly true-to-life."
"On a rainy night in Dublin, I stayed awake until dawn to finish 1984. I slept late and awoke yelling about the Thought Police being after me until i adjusted. I knew that it would always be one of my favorites of all time  after that morning. 1984 is far more relevant now than ever before because  of globalization and admitted lies from the government, and i'm not talking  about our  president. What i am saying is, if our government will deny us  information and tell us about cover-ups and mistakes 40, 50 years after the  fact , then who knows what's truth or lies now? Maybe our founding fathers  should have made a ""Freedom of Knowledge"" amendment instead of  the right to be a gun-toting maniac. If criticism is not constant,  1984  may be 2084."
"1984 is a great book.  It really makes you think. thee plot is a very interesting one about a dictator ruining everything, but the scary part is they have so much power you can't say anything against their party.  This  book is very good for those epeople who like to really think about things  and take them deep.  I would not recommend this title for action fiends."
"Orwell pulls no punches in this book.  There are no sacred cows - love, family, solitude, language, fratenity - none are immune to Big Brother's control over the population of Oceania.  In the gut wrenching end you are  left with one sweat memory, that two people were able to steal a few  moments of happiness from their enslavors; and one vague hope, that if the  government won't tolerate the grummblings of one middle class nobody, maybe  it is because one person can make a differance."
"this book is great.  it shows how if we let ourselves become ignorant and don't protect our rights then we will be taken advantage of.  if we do not consistently farmiliarize ourselves with our surroundings we will allow  ourselves to be manipulated, and if we suddenly realize and protest there  will be devastating outcomes."
"After I read this book, I was so disturbed that I couldn't concentrate on my homework.  Since I could do nothing else, I thought about the book.  I realized how lucky we are that we live in a society with privacy, fairness,  and freedom.  I though it was inhuman when the man in jail (I'm not saying  who) was proud of his daughter for turning him in after hearing him mutter  in his sleep against the Party.  This is the least of the inhuman things  that happen.  I really am able to apreciate our living in a free society.  I hope others can too."
After i read this book i made a doodi
"An unforgettable book. A wonderful respite and a refreshing alternaive from all the modern every-day reads, I would say. What makes this book so good is the character development and the sudden events which are totally  unexpected. The book is unpredictable and there are always new twists and  turns to explore. George Orwell created a virtual city and his own  political parties and ideas perfectly and they seamlessly bind together to  make this the most substantial book I have ever read. Possibly the best as  well.Big Brother is watching you so read the book!"
"This book is as powerful as it was when it was written. The universality of literature in this book is evident. It clearly shows the effects of totalitarianism and a loss of human spirit; this novel shows it almost as  well as Anthony Burgess's ""A Clockwork Orange"", which holds the  best novel of all time in my esteem"
"This book describes an extreme situation of what totalitarianism can lead to. But I think that's just the power of the book; because the state, as  talked about in the book,is an extreme example, but I think that extremes  show the real danger of something; it makes you more aware of a situation  (a state form, a social question etc.) than a report based on  real facts  does. therefore you also shouldn't take this book for real, but you should  take parts of this books and compare them to reality. and by doing so  you'll find a lot of things that form, as described in the book, dangers in  present day society also. this book actually shows all what totalitarianism  can lead to, and therefore enables you to see the danger of it"
1984 simply can't be described. It's the most fascinating and worthwhile book I have ever read. Orwell dares to ask 'what if...' and he succeeds in constructing a frightening yet possible situation for the citizens of the  world. Great book.
"It sure doesn't take much of an imagination stretch to realize that the society Orwell describes in 1949 is becoming reality in 1999. Ever since I read it 4 years ago (and since reread it several times), it has not been  replaced as my favorite book for its political satire, catchiness, and yes,  timelessness. Definitely get this book and read it-- just make sure you do  it away from any telescreens...."
"This book really makes you think about how powerless us, the citizens can be. The last lines of this book change your entire philosophy about the entire book. Brilliant!"
!984 is that kind of book you has heard people talk about so much you have very high expectations. And this book delivers. It's a brilliant work. The construction of a society where peolple are constante surveilled and know  and feel it is one of the more vivid and disturbing portraits I've read.  Loved doublethink and newspeak.
"This book had to be one of the greatest books ever written. It stands out with books like Ulysses by James Joyce and Gone with the Wind. This book was a frightening prediction that will probably come true. I'm not saying  that it'll come true in the near future, but in, maybe, 1000 years or so. I  don't want to give away too much of the story, but this book does contain  many fictional things, but those fictional things might become factual 1000  years from now. Like, for example, telescreens, mind reading, vaporizing  (which is something you'll learn about in the book) which includes  brainwashing. I, personally, thought that this was by far the best book I  have ever read. But when you read it, read it with an open mind. If you are  not thinking strait you may miss out on an important plot twist or quote  that can change the story. Again, this is one of the greatest books in the  world, and it'll be bad if you don't read it with an open mind; it would be  a major shame if you didn't understand this material. The story line could  change the way you see things, almost completely, as did mine and my other,  sane, may I add friends who also read it. I hope you'll love it, or should  I say I guarantee you'll love it!"
"I read a article about Spycams in MLK Jr holiday.  The neighborhood watch was using cameras to protect the neighbors somewhere in CA. Somewhere in the article says "" tracing George Orwell's 1984, 'BIG BROTHER IS  WATCHING YOU'. "" or something like that. Wow. I just can't believe a  1949 novel turns real in 1999, that's 50 years! If you don't know what I'm  talking about.... that's because I'm just too exicted. What if a jail turns  to a Room 101?"
"I was scepticle when my English teacher told me that I was to read this book. But from the first words, I was hooked. Orwell's depiction of a world that would result in total  governmental control was a horrifying vision that was all too close to a  reality. The Party's inhumanity and evil lust for power made the book  impossible to put down. I am glad that I read this book becuase it gave me  an insite into what will result if we give our government too much power."
"When I first read this book, at first my head was filled with suicidal thoughts, at that extent the ending fills one with desperation. Then, I thought: ""no, I want to live"" to live in order for this world  never to become reality. I have read many reviews of this books, and some  have dimissed it by giving it one or two stars. Saying that this book is  either unrealistic or too depressing. Too depressing? One must take into  consideration the fact that this was written a year when everything was  seen pessimistically, people were not sure of their future, and a myriad  people thought the future not to be a brighter place, but even darker.  Under such circumstances the result is not going to be Cadbury's roses. For  the so-called unrealism, when you say that the rat scene is highly  improbable for a governement to implement, you must not be aware of what is  going on in the world, not only is it very likely to happen, but has  already happened. Torture does exist, by the way, and if you think that  what goes on in the protagonists head is ""unrealistic"" then the  book's words: IGNORANCE IS FORCE is probably true. All in all, one of the  best books of this century, that I advise all to read."
"Orwell may have not been correct on placeing the date on the book but his ideas to me are seemingly coming true.  In this modern world it seems almost impossible to elude video-cameras, microphones and other elements of  this sort. If the government wants to watch you they all ready have the  means to due so.  In our schools we are being taught only half truths to  every major conflict with other world powers. For example go to Vietnam and  they're musuems and history books have a whole other perspective on the  vietnam war, but how are school children to know this other perspective.  So in a way the U.S. is actually rewriting history.  Also the press seems  to rule our lives they tell us whats cool, whats not,  how to act, and how  to think.  What is to stop them from crossing the line.  We are given the  false myth that they work for us; when in fact every thing you here is  edited by certain people to portray certain messages to you.  For example,  everytime we see a third world country on TV all we see is poverty and  starvation,  what you dont see is the millions of people in that country  that are doing fine , given you the false pretense that life here in  America is sooooo much better.  Watch out  It may not be long before  Orwells interpretation of the future might happen."
"People forget that this book isn't about what Orwell actually thought 1984 would be like, but rather it was what he thought the future could be like. This book has helped people fight a future which still may arrive. This is  a book that changed our society and the way attentive readers view their  world. Not only is 1984 massively important but it is a great read."
"I think that this book is a bad book. Not only is it unrealistic, but also a boring book. Orwell has an imaginative mind, I must say, but thuis book talks about 1949, when he published it when there were such things as  totalitarism. How could he know it would still be the exact same thing in  1984? This book also has strange events. The author skipped around too many  times. At one sentence, he would be in the appartment in Winston's home,  and without telling a reason for it, he would be some where else. The book  is also boring. There is not enough action and suspense to make the reader  willing to read it."
"This book is quite probably the greatest novel ever written.  That's my opinion.  Read this book, and form your own opinion, but under NO circumstance should you let someone make you read this book.  If you look  at all the negative reviews, they are bitter and insulting, and most of  those readers were forced into reading this book.  They thought it  wasn't realistic, they thought the characters were shallow, they thought is  was depressing.  I don't know what they expected from this novel, but  there's no reason to insult the book or author.  I would like to see  any one of the people who graded this poorly write a novel of superior  quality!  These are the same people who bump into you in the streets and  don't apologize, the same people who won't give up their seat on the bus to  a pregnant or elderly person, the same people who won't politely hold a  door open for you.  These people are rude.  They go through life  complaining about other people, worrying only about themselves.  They're  angry at someone, but they take it out on a book they weren't bright enough  to understand.  Huh?  We do live in america, and we do have the right  to an opinion, and we do have the right to freedom of speech.  But we also  have something called manners.  Well, most of us do.  Not these people."
A little unrealistic.  Orwell is quite the optimist
"Get it straight, people: Orwell was writing about the time he lived in. Not the way the world would or might become, but the way it really was. It exagerrates in the extreme, of course, making _1984_ a kind of bleak  satire.It's a shame this is Orwell's most famous book, though,  because in many ways it's his worst, with _Animal Farm_ being about as bad.  _1984_ is one of the more overrated books of the century. I've read some of  his other books (_Down and Out in Paris and London_, _Burmese Days_,  _Homage to Catalonia_, etc.), along with many of his essays, and they were  all superior to _1984_. Perhaps because _1984_ requires less intelligence  to see its point...Having read his less extreme fiction and  non-fiction, I have come to respect Orwell deeply as a man who was honest,  straightforward, very sensible, and altogether admirable. In many ways he  was a remarkable man; but none of those praiseworthy qualities shows  through in _1984_, where we only see dark cynicism about not only communism  but also bourgeios democracy.If you're looking for balanced,  intelligent writing from Orwell, stay away from _1984_ for a while."
"This book clearly was ahead of it's time.  Orwell had great insight into shades of things to come.  We can plainly see that many world leaders would like to or have a ""Big Brother"".  This book is not for the meek!"
All I have to say about 1984 is it really makes you think of what we all could be living in.  Overall it is one of the best books i have ever read.
"George Orwell's classic tale of a dysponic government ruling a futuristic society is, in my opinion, the greatest book I have ever had the pleasure to read. What is so disturbing about this story is how it parallels our own  society. In an age where technology,media, and good old-fashioned human  rotteness are all on an out of control path, it seems big brother is  getting nothing but bigger. Orwell is not only an author of incredible  talent, he could very well be an unknowing prophet. The best book of its  kind anywhere!"
"Although morbid, it's fitting to know that Orwell basically died writing this masterpiece, as it clearly encompasses a life's work.Cast your mind back fifty years. You read ""Animal Farm"" when it came out and  enjoyed it immensely. Now this hits the market and blows everybody away by  its grim forsight and bluntness.Whether you think Orwell's predictions  were overly accurate or not, that's not necessarily the most important  thing. Orwell portrays the *potential* that exists, clearly making this  novel timeless. Change the name of the book to ""2044"" and it  would be just as effective as it was fifty years ago. Too many people take  Orwell's predictions literally, when in many ways it's a  warning...Winston is Orwell, he is the tool, a technique Orwell  neglected to use in ""Animal Farm"". This book could easily have  been written in first person, but the use of third person puts a necessary  distance between Winston and the reader, meaning that although the reader  shares all of his experiences, and the world he lives in, there is enough  distance to look at the wider world.An interesting footnote I was  praised for when I went to school that I have not seen anywhere else is to  note the very striking parallels between Winston and O'Brien. I got the  feeling that O'Brien basically *was* Winston years earlier, before he was  ""cured"". Behind the rock of the torturer, there is a feather of a  man that does care, but isn't allowed to.This novel is what Orwell was  trying to achieve. He scratched the surface in ""Animal Farm"" and  went a lot deeper here."
"orwell does good job with the setting, characterization, and images throughout the novel, but fails to elaborate on the plot.  This is what took away from the story.  Everything else was top notch!  Great book!"
"This book, which should be canonized, in definitly the best book ever. I carry a copy of it with me everywhere. But the thing no one seems to understand is that the book has absolutly NOTHING to do with Winston Smith,  but is rather about a self sustaining dictatorship and how it functions.  Smith is merely a vessle, a exsample. People who say ""I hate this  book"" simply don't understand it. The Government should hand out copys  and make every one read it(also known as school), but those of us  intelegent enough to appreciate, enjoy, and understand this book already  have.  FREEDOM  IS  SLAVERY"
"While the future of what O'Brian said the Party was trying to achieve is ridiculous, what it has already achieved is sadistic and depressing enough. This novel takes you up to thinking the Party will one day be overthrown  and then crushes all ambitions of it, best novel i've ever read"
"This book is a true classic. There's a lot more to this novel than what is on the surface level. It's not that it's a true outlook on what 1984 was actually like but it's a look at humanity and what  civilization could be (is) like.  It's best put as a ""negative utopia  -- not dramas of what life could be ... but nightmares of what it is  becoming."" I reccomend reading Imagining Argentina by Lawrence  Thornton after reading this novel. That will truely show you that this  nightmare that Orwell has envisioned is a reality in parts of our world."
"I thought that 1984 was a pretty good book, except that I think it would have been better if I would have read it before 1984. The begining was dull and  kind of boring, but I thought that ending was pretty good. I recomend  it because it shows what could happen in the future if the government ever  got a lot of power."
"Brilliant, simply brilliant. I will resist the temptation to make my review the shortest one here by saying that I think that 1984, for all of its literary value must be regarded as one of the greatest literary works  of all time. The way in which George Orwell composes his purposeful  sentences makes us reminisce of the style of Daniel Defoe. Here is a book,  similar to Brave New World and We which shows what we may be coming to. A  definite read. I couldn't put it down for a moment."
"I disagree entirely with the review from ""Chinaman""--not only is this a great story, but it IS happening in his country--and has been since 1949--that's the whole point! Substitute ""The Great Helmsman"" for  ""Big Brother"", and you have a picture perfect portrait of Red  China."
"The entire book was good up until the last chapter, at least in my opinion.  Without giving out the ending, I didn't feel that Orwell used the characteristics of his character well.  Maybe I'll need to re-read the book  to understand the true meaning of the book because I didn't get it in my  first try.  However, the book was well put together overall with very  strong characters and a strong plot.  It's scary if ""Oceania""  ever became the world of today."
"This is truly a spectacular composition, possibly the best work of George Orwell. The setting and the characters are so vivid and believable that you will not be able to put the book down until you finish. Full of suspense  and  surprise, it serves as a parody within an infinite moralic story.  Readers who have enjoyed ""Animal Farm"" and ""Coming up for  Air"" should not miss reading this classic masterpiece."
"Most of the people here are right, this book is NOT a prophecy.  But the few who gave this book a bad review, say, one star, are mostly either trying to sound avant-garde, or give stupid reasons such as ""I like  books that make me feel good"".  Well that's your problem and it  shouldn't affect your review of a book, that's like a film critic who  doesn't like comedies giving a comedy a bad review for that reason.  This  makes no sense, because it's not that you feel they are bad, it is just  that they don't interest you.  Please be a bit better about this..."
"I've read the book and found not only fun in it, but also deepness and complex political explanations. It is not only propaganda against communism, cause as everybody knows Orwell, in fact, liked communism  ideals. It shows how individualism is smashed in a totalitarian society. I  also recomend the animation movie AntZ. As many have seen it is not meant  for kids..."
"When I first read Orwell's essays, I knew I had to read 1984.  It's been on my list for 7 years and I'm so glad I finally got around to reading it.The beginning of the book drags, but sets the tone for all that  happens towards the middle and end.  If you that can get through ther first  60-70 pages, you'll fly through the last 150-200.  Julia was my favorite  character and the way Orwell set up the first sexual encounter with her and  Winston was a stroke of genius.  I think my heart stopped when they were in  their secret bedroom and got caught.  I was waiting for them to get caught,  but it happened so suddenly I got caught off balance.  The action tails off  towards the end but by that time the story has the reader so engrossed the  end is like a carrot on a string."
"Anyone notice that 1984 has already occured? Not the date, I mean, but big brother did come already. In Maoist China, in the 50s. Although this didn't affect the whole world, if you lived there at the time you would feel the  same way as the main characters. Powerful, very moving, amazing book. the  movie is a terrible disappointment because it focused on the visual: the  nudity and trysts. this has too many metaphors, literally, the movie was  overkill."
"It takes a lifetime to read this book.  It's packed with symbolism and meaning.  Few people will be able to absorb it all in one reading.  Probably one of the Top Ten greatest literary works of all time.  An  excellent example of clear, concise, efficient use of the English language.  Not one word out of place, not one word more or less than is needed.  No  'Newspeak' in this book.  It should be required reading for everyone who  wants to live in a free society."
"I read this book when I was 13 and couldn't put it down. I can't believe some lo-life's are giving it one star- this witty, enchanting book should be a basis to everyday life.  It has predicted a lot of the future and  nothing is stopping it happening again. I recommend everyone to read this  book."
"Just three words; scary, depressing and wonderful. Definetely the best fiction about the future that i've read . Even better than Huxley's 'Brave new world'. I now start to feel afraid about the future. I now start to  wonder if there are big brothers, ""ministry of peace""s , shortly  ""OCEANIA""s waiting for us in the future?War can never be  peace. Whatever type of future it is.1984 is the best novel I've ever  read."
"Just three words; scary, depressing and wonderful. Definetely the best fiction about the future that i've read . Even better than Huxley's 'Brave new world'. I now start to feel afraid about the future. I now start to  wonder if there are big brothers, ""ministry of peace""s , shortly  ""OCEANIA""s waiting for us in the future?War can never be  peace. Whatever type of future it is.1984 is the best novel I've ever  read."
I think this book represents the best expression of Orwell's work.A deep voyage throught the terryfying deeps of human nature.Scaring.
The best science-fiction book I've read (the only sci-fi I've read). It was actually quite good.
"This book is essentially the same as ""The Brave New World"" but expressed in a totally different way. Somehow, I like the ""The Brave New World"" better. It gave me a totally different view."
"More frightening than any Stephen King story, 1984 prophecies a future where hell exists on earth in the form of a paranoid government's establishment of a negative utopian society where every one is watched, no  one is safe, and the only hope that exists can lead to something worse than  hell. If you think you can escape, you're wrong. Dead wrong.If anyone  knows a similar novel, please email me."
"Come on guy's...four and a half stars?  What's that all about, this is 1984 we're talking about here!  This book is THE scariest and most thought provoking tome around.  From the first sentence of the book, ""The  bells struck thirteen as Winston Smith, yada yada yada""  we're thrust  into a completely different world, one so different and alien from our own,  yet presented to the reader in such a painstaking, logical fashion as to  raise questions about the state of our own modern society and the  conventions of war and class structure.  The society consists of two  constantly warring nations:  Atlantia and Oceana, embattled in a constant  state of warfare which neither can afford to stop, their constant bickering  and cosmetic bombings and attacks merely a mutually beneficial ploy to keep  the masses in a constant state of shock, making them even more vulnerable  to the intense psychological programming they undergo at the hands of the  state.  Big Brother, the party's exalted leader, is the unquestioned  benefactor/leader of the people and is worshipped and feared.  No one's  lives are private. People are stripped of their individuality, kept  placated and half drunk, and bombarded with government propaganda through  the large, two-way telescreens in every party member's home.  The sex drive  is all but obliterated, through forced marriage and sex is only tolerated  for procreational purposes.  Even the language has been shortened, reduced  in words by the govt. in an effort to shorten...look, I could go on and on  here, I'm dying to just copy the whole book here so you can read it right  now, but I've only got 1000 words.  Look, it's Orwell's masterpiece, it's  as relevant today as any book in the world, a scary reminder of the power  govt. and the herd mentality of the average person, two variables that  could result in the kind of scary, postapocalyptic world he invisioned,  even though we have sucessfully made it well beyond 1984 on our calenders,  Orwell's chillingly believable nightmare still rings out as a warning cry  to the human race, made all too scary by the fact that many of the books  conventions, for instance, the govt's ability to observe everyone by  camera, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, are a realistic possibility now,  with the advent of cheap videocamera technology.  The story exists on  another level in the love story told of Winston, the everyman antagonist  and Julia, a pretty young woman who holds a strange hold on him and  introduces him to love for the first time in his life.  Their coupling is  the supreme act against Big brother and the party, yet they continue to  meet in secret and profess their love for one another.  Love itself is a  crime, and the couple on not only scared that the so-called ""thought  police"" might catch them, but KNOW the inevitablility of  the  consequences regarding their act before it even takes place, with the first  knowing glance of their eyes, the deed is done, convention be damed, they  commit their Lovecrime and are, for a time, the only truly free people in  all of Oceana.  It's just a marvelous book, okay?  Check it out, you'll  like it, it's not even very long, what can it hurt.  My favorite book."
"You feel a sense of doom from the beginning. Even as Winston and Julia are embracing each other in the field, or in the dusty room above Mr. Charrington's shop, you instinctively know that in the end they will have  to lose.  I was surprised when O'Brien came in and now I can't decide  whether he is good or evil. Like the book said, O'Brien tortured Winston  and eventually sent him to his death. But still...did he really mean it? Or  was O'Brien yet another brainwashed victim of The Party?  You should not  read this book if you do not like unhappy endings."
"This is undoubtably one of the most moving books I've ever read - it made me cry, and it's rare for me to weep on account of a book or film. The society it depicts is so horrific, and so - plausible. I'm not saying that  this is necessarily the future, but it is definitely one of the more  unpleasant ways the human race could conceivably take.  In Winston Smith we  have the representative of all of us - he isn't a genius, and he isn't a  saint; and he doesn't want ot be a genius or a saint, he just wants to lead  his life in the way he, and the rest of human society, was meant to do; in  relative freedom in his actions and his thoughts. And the story of his  personal struggle, his betrayal, his ultimate defeat is so timeless, so  true that it, more than anything else in the book (although the whole novel  is brilliant, eg. the political ideas expressed in it are so carefully  thought out that we can truly believe in the potential for a party like,  well, the Party), marks ""1984"" out as one of the most moving and  human stories around."
"a personification of the human spirit.  after reading of the living death portrayed by the author, i realized that the man sentenced to life enprisonment has liberties unbound.  to conceive the perils of this novel,  is to enjoy life."
"This is one of the greatest literary works of all times.  This book tells of man's dreams, hopes, ambitions, and, most importantly of all, his true self.  To those that believe a better world is bound to come, you are  fools.  This book says the true ending.  I cannot figure out but two  epitaphs for man: nuclear war or 1984.  But why, you might ponder?  Because  this book depicts the most cruel, vicious, and realistic side of man: the  side where communism and fascism are tied together so that the forces of  darkness march through the earth (taken from ""The Last Crusade"").  This masterpiece is the bible of man.  All that is in this book is  plausible and much of it has happened although these real-life happenings  where sugary compared to this book's omen.  Goebbels's and Hitler's  propaganda machine is depicted in this book, as is Stalin's, Hitler's and  America's secret police.  And in the book's 5 main slogans lies the truth  of man. I call forth anyone that is willing to read this book and not be  suprised and horrified.  I dare someone to not see that this book is the  future."
"This book's reputation as a classic reveals less about the book than it  does about the shallowness and mediocrity of many book critics. It is  crude, heavy-handed, superficial propaganda."
"This book's reputation as a classic reveals less about the book than it  does about the shallowness and mediocrity of many book critics. It is  crude, heavy-handed, superficial propaganda."
"This book's reputation as a classic reveals less about the book than it  does about the shallowness and mediocrity of many book critics. It is  crude, heavy-handed, superficial propaganda."
"I don't know how Orwell could know what would happen 36 years later but he  could. In my country the book couldn't be published until 1989, because the  communists feared that it made too many people turn against them. Life  wasn't much better in those days as written in 1984. Disinformation,  getting the 'untrue' people out of the way and of course lots of phonies.  The only shocking thing is that people really believed in that. And I may  say that they some of them still believe in it in 1998!Thank God Big  Brother is gone forever. But 1984 remains and warns us. We shouldn't ever  have another Big Brother! So read this book and open your mind! You won't  be happy in fact you'll be very sad but it's worth."
"I just wanted to recommend to those who say that this book is too  unbelievable, and though intellegent, a bit extreme, read the book  Imagining Argentina.  Based on the period of the 1970's in which many  anti-government activists ""dissapeared"", the similariies were  uncanny between the two, and made me rethink my original reaction to the  book and admire Orwell's book all the more."
"I loved 1984!  Winston Smith was the best character in literary history.  With great characters such as Big Brother, Julia, O'Brien and even the  hardly mentioned Katharine, (Winston's wife) this book instantly drew me in  and I couldn't stop reading it. Orwell's image of life in the future shows  through in our true life.  Big Brother is our government. A government that  constantly watches us and moniters us.  In conclusion, 1984 is the best  book that was ever written.  DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER! DOWN WITH BIG  BROTHER! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER!"
"I say the book is unrealistic, but that's not what I mean.  It's not that  his characters couldn't exist.  It's more a problem of verisimilitude --  that is, he states the problem, and THEN HE DEVIATES FROM IT!  The populace  in 1984 -- they're supposed to be much like his ""modern people""  of '48.  But it's just too darn blatant to make it seem real.  And why is  good ol' ""common man"" Winston disbelieving?  It's thoroughly  improbable.  I realize he was talking about communism, but communism was a  great deal subtler than that.  It's nowhere near the realistic depictions  of the future by science-fiction writers, but because the science-fiction  writers weren't respected, and Orwell was a Prominent Social Critic, look  what we're stuck with -- the paranoid fevered dream of a madman  masquerading as a prophet."
People always talk about books that they can't put down and 1984 is  defenitly one of those books.  You really feel scared for Winston  throughout the entire story. It made me cringe all the times where he was  sneaking around.  The only thing that made it unrealistic to me was how sex  and love were eliminated totally from the party.  It goes against human  nature. Was everybody tortured like Winston in the party to make them this  way? Anyway it was a great book that makes you think
"There of course are many things wrong with this book by reading what the  many critics have to say.  No book is with out flaws, however, but this  book still deserves 100%."
"I liked how true this book was, even though it was written 20 years before  1984. Most of the futuristic devises that Orwell was talking about came  true. Such as, the security cameras and trackers in the airport. Also, the  government was prying into your personal inforamtion. I believe that the  society was high tech and the government had more laws to look at a persons  information. Soon, the governmnet will be able to track anybody anywhere.  Also, they will be able to read a person's thoughts and ideas. If a person  wanted to revolt against the government they will be able to stop him/her  before they can overthrow the government."
"In these novel there are many actors,characters. To manintion the major  actors like Winston Smith, O'Brien Mrs. Parasons,comrade Ogilvy, Mr.  Charrington, Julia, were the one who make the novel very intersted to read.  It is very hard to imagen to live in these kind of society,that had three  kinds of people. One who control everything which is known as the Big  Brother and they are the high class of Oceania society, and the other one  who is manipulated by the high class ( Big Brother )known as the inner  party or the middle class, and the last one of the kind that are living  majority in Oceania and they are called the ""Prole"" or the outer  party.  All these stratarfication of society is because the  government(Big Brother)want to controls  and manipulates by any means, for  example the telescreens, the newspapers, and the party people. I read it  with wondering that If I was right there inside the Oceania's society, what  would be like being control all the time. I even can not stand if my mother  or my girl friend( whom I love the most) want to run my live. But you what  is going on now a day, I thought that the telescreen and the televesion  have a lot in commen  to start with the TV. programmers manoipulates the  people who watching the show by thew means of advertising."
"Poignant, scary, and doused with a sense of unignorable urgency that is  not as urgent as it was when Orwell wrote it.  His horrifying prophecy  thankfully did not come true, but prophecies aside, ""1984"" is an  unmistakably brilliant account of a normal man's search for ""truth and  decency"" in a frightful, loveless world.  The novel is very hard to  put down, and can be not only riveting, but genuinely entertaining at  times.  A true empathy for the characters, Winston and Julia, stems from a  humanity which they possess and a love that we can recognize, that is  contrasted by Orwell to the extreme squalor and general de-humanity of  their surroundings.  A definite must-read, ""1984"" is not only a  fascinating novel, but its bleak and intense imagery, its memorable  characterizations, and its involving narrative will stay with the reader  long after completion.  My favorite part is when O'Brien places Winston in  front of the mirror, shows him his decayed body, the tells him that quite  certainly, he is ""the last man."""
"I have read this book many times and have written many of my high school  english papers on it and others similar to it.  I must admit that this type  of fiction is not right for everyone and I do believe that you have to have  a very open mindset to understand it.  But to all of those who gave it 3  stars or less,  I implore you to consider reading it again when you are  older or willing to accept a new and different way of writing about our  society and our future.  No, it is not the type of book to be taken at face  value, or exactly as it is printed.  To really understand the thoughts of  Orwell you have to be able to read between the lines and make the story and  its lessons plausable in any time and with any society.  There are many  timeless lessons here, you just have to get past the actual fictional  story.  Just try it again when you are more openminded about novels."
"This book changed my outlook on the future. It made me realize what this  world is coming to in terms of privacy. For someone to have written this  book in the 40's and have the whole plot still be chilling today,has to be  a genious!"
"1984 is the most profound book I have read. At its core is control of the masses. In a free, democratic society this occurs to a more ahorrant extent than in socialist or communist countries as the public is unaware it is happening, whilst a ""clean"" facade is maintained. The ominous image of 1984 is facilitated by our modern day, technological society, and as such its warning is even more general and relevant than it may intially seem. You can know only what you're told and believe only what you're lead to believe (directly or indirectly). I'll get off my soapbox now and let you wipe the blood from your ears. 1984 is a magnificent book and will change the way you think, indicating the genius of Orwell."
"1984 is one of the most book now, but as ficition it's also fantastic. If you liked it, and if you're open minded, than you should read other great books, like The Trial. Both of them are very important and clever, read it only if you want to think, it's not some kind of trash like The Alchemist."
"""1984"" is indescriptable. It does not fall into any categories except for that describing an inhumane society. Winston Smith needs the girl and I think it's beautiful when he discovers that she loves him. That's beside the point of the Thought Police and O'Brien. A very sad book with a sad end. Smith comes to love Big Brother."
"I read it in a day. It was a great story, but where people come up with ""must read"" and comments on how true it is is confusing to me. Orwell has some interesting ideas, esp. the vocabulary thing. However, it is fiction. If it is regarded as such, enjoy it. If a philosophetic novel is expected, look elsewhere."
"Perhaps the description will seem turgid and tiresome as you read 1984, but in retrospect it will have been to your great advantage to have read of this negative utopia.  Regarding the one reviewer who gave this book one star -- please, actually pay attention before you write another review, and get your facts straight.  Julia wasn't in the Thought Police.  Why don't you go back to English class, and after you've mastered ""Green Eggs & Ham"" try Orwell again.  Thank you."
"This book is a truly amazing look at a world of the future.  A world where no one has a mind of their own, where a power-seeking Party controls everything.  No one escapes the control of Big Brother, not even those with rock-hard beliefs against it.From the first page to the last sentence, this book draws the reader in, and the reader comes out with a new awareness, a new vantage point from which to view our modern world.Capturing Orwell's convictions about Communism and Socialism, the book is more than good suspense, it is a lesson."
"Possibly my favorite book. It truly makes you think about human nature. The setting is a dystopia that is unthinkable, yet not implausible. There is a section on Newspeak, the language of this world, that is extremely interesting. Not a light read, but one that must be read."
"You may think this is about Stalin and his Purges... it may be... but it's much more. The date is irrelavant, except that it's in the future of the author (Orwell). Our hero, Winston Smith (no accident that Winston Churchill and the most comon name, Smith, were used by Orwell), has all the right qualities: a questioning mind, a distrust of authority, and an oddball fascination with the truth...to get himself ""cleansed"" by the Thought Police, who torture and kill, out of ""love"" for Big Brother's lot of Outer Party Members. Smith has the temerity to question the nature of this power exuded by the Inner Party - for it's own sake, which seems fragile. Built on embracing ""DoubleThink,"" where any two diametrically opposed statements are both valid, and where citizens are told which version is the truth - for that moment. Smith asks, ""Does Big Brother exist?"" while Inner Party member O'Brien tortures what's left of him into believing 2 +!  2 = 4 or 5, depending what the very same Big Brother decides is Truth, for today, now. Why is ""1984"" important? Keeping an alert eye on any government that exudes power by control and manipulating information, where the individual is sacrificed to the needs of the many, where the press is owned by the church, and where the state is unapproachable and abstract, is not only the province of the American CIA, but of any individual professing adherence to democracy. The enemy may just be our own complacency. Orwell's anti-utopia novel is a warning: we must engage in our democracy or be prepared to believe 2 + 2 = 5...and all else will follow...!"
"1984 does not live up to it's reputation.  I'll grant that Orwell had a point (that _western_ societies, as well as soviet society were headed toward his future).  However, Orwell is not a great novelist -- excellent essays, poor novels.  Almost the entire plot is stolen from an earlier russian work (We, by Yevgeny Zamyatin), which is far superior.  If you're interested in Orwell's political thinking (yes, he's a socialist), check out his essays.  If you're looking for a good allegory, DON'T get 1984..."
"I'd recommend this book to anyone.  Not because of how entertaining it is but because of how well Orwell gets his point across.  The past exists only in written records and people's memories, and can therefore be manipulated.  This remains true regardless of the fact that Orwell's vision hasn't come true."
"I'll admit the book starts sorta slow but once you get 20 or so pages into it, it's hard to put down. While I found the world that Julia and Winston lived in scary, what was even scarier is that some day this could actually come true! While I'm only 14, anyone who is 13 or above should be able to grasp the main concepts of this book. You are very compassionate when you realize the vain struggle of Winston and Julia.  This book also shows that human emotion while difficult can be altered and controlled.  Your only hope in totalitrain society is mass rebelion or death.  And the song, ""Under the spreading chestnut tree, I sold you and you sold me."" When that played at the end my heart dropped cause it makes you realize that when humans are dissected to the core all they care for are themselves.  If you think you are liberal enough to get a new view on life, read this book for it will change your outlook on life, love, and politics.  It you like this book you will also like ""Animal Farm"" although not as good as 1984, still a classic."
"Orwell's ""1984"" should be read by every voter.  He brilliantly illustrates the old catch theme ""Power corrupts, Absolute power corrupts absolutly."" The government controls the populace through the ""telescreen"" which was the predecessor to video conferencing!(scary, yes) 1984 will really make you think; the people of 1930s-40s Soviet Union could probably identify a lot with 1984.."
"I liked 1984. It was a terrificly entertaining book to read, so much so, I could hardly put it down, it is scary how a story like this could easily become a reality."
"BRAVO!  This is my all-time favorite book.  Its wonderfully intriguing and sophisticated plot sparks intelligent thought, reexamination of our society, and serves as a warning for our future.  This book should be on the ""Human Required Reading List"" anyway becasue of the every day references to Big Brother and other common analogies.  Be prepared to be amazed by the power of the mind!"
"I feel as though I should be shouting all the cheesy cliches:  ""What a page-turner!"", ""I couldn't put it down!""; but I would hate to parallel such mindlessness with Orwell's pure genius.  1984 is an excellent story with familliar characters (the rebel, the romantic, etc.), but also much more.  Orwell's accuracy surrouding both the government and the media is undeniably disturbing.  This book and ""Brave New World"" have turned me on to a whole new genre of literature."
"This is a good example of the fact that pessimistic and shocking books often receive rave criticism while dynamically optimistic books are dubbed ""unrealistic""... NO further comment."
"The key to really grasping Orwell's ""Negative Utopia"" is to get an idea of where he was writing from. Note that the power of the Orwellian totalitarianism stems completely from punishment and fear of such. This seems reasonable considering that Orwell had just witnessed the ""glory"" of the Nazi dictatorship and the birth of Stalinism. However, such a society still creates a certain level of discontent."
"I'm rating 1984 a 10, since it's pretty apparent that the book has indeed stood the test of time to become a twentieth century classic. But people growing up today- particularly since the fall of the Soviet bloc- may have a hard time understanding what Orwell was writing about. At the time the book was written, the Soviet show trials were still in the news, and Orwell- a lifelong socialist who still distrusted most socialists- saw in the Soviet trials what could happen to England. 1984 was then written as a warning to the British of what Orwell felt their world was coming to.  Today's readers should keep in mind that the world Orwell warned about was not a fantasy world, but aside from the techology of the Telescreen,  very much a real picture of the Soviet Union of the 30s. When government officials start talking about controlling the Internet, and restricting communication between people, or wanting to hold onto everyone's encryption keys, think of 1984."
"de este libro me habìan hablado bastante, por lo cual me decidì a leerelo, y desde esta modesta opinion lo considero uno de los clásicos de la literatura universal.Por lo cual muy recomendable."
"Someone wrote that 1984 shows us how the world would be like if the governments obtained complete power over the populace. But HOW is this power obtained? As citizens in democratic (?) nations we have a duty to work for democracy around the world and to see to that all aspects of democracy are maintained. If we fail, the nightmare of 1984 can turn into reality.Orwell's 1984 really makes one think. The novel stays on your mind, and hopefully it will never go away.How would I react as a citizen of a totalitarian state?Would I have the guts to stand up for democracy and human rights, knowing that it could get me killed?Even if 1984 is a nightmare, small parts of it become reality every day, throughout the world.So maybe George Orwell's great novel isn't just a warning?And hey, look out for Newspeak!"
"1984 is the totalarianism view that George Orwell wishes to show us; about what we may become and what, at one time, the Stalinist regiem was like.  The imagry and importance is equal to Dofoe, the insightful and truly endearing relationships between the characters and the fact that privacy no longer exists, all point to a world that we must NEVER become.  It does not just mean communism...it means US, too."
"If society continues its cownward spiral, it just may end up as Orwell's 1984. One need look only to the Russian Revolution and Russia under the rule of Stalin to see that such events are possible. There are very close parallels between Stalinist Russia and 1984. Josef Stalin is much like Big Brother. Once he has sighted opposition to him or intellect, he erases that person from existence. This happened thousands upon thousands of times in Russia while Stalin was in control. The people in 1984 live life much like the peasants in Russia. They get meager rations of tasteless food, if they get any at all. One more parallel between the two is that the torture chambers of Big Brother are much like that of the Gulags of Stalin. Society should take examples from history to prevent the world from turning into the one in 1984. It seems to me that this book is a warning to society. Examine the past, learn from it, and control the future. It is fortunate that Stalinist Russia came to and end when he died. Next time, the world may not be so lucky."
"Nineteen-Eighty Four is by far one of the best novels I have ever read.  It struck me at first as a simple novel of the so-called future, but I then came to see the more subtle aspects of the human psyche.  By the end of the novel, the reoccurance of ""War is Peace;  Freedom is Slavery;  Ignorance is Strength"" begin to ironically make sense.  Anyone who reads this novel will begin to realize a type of ""Big Brother"" in their own life."
"I think Orwell is one of the English language's best writers.  1984 is his master-work.  However, to really grasp many of the themes in 1984 one must also look at Orwell's other political writings.  (There is an excellent collection of them on the Web - search for 'George Orwell' in Yahoo). Much of what I would say about 1984 has already been said here.  However, it never fails to amuse me when socialists and left-wingers seek to cast 1984 as an attack on capitalism.  Even the little piece at the end of the edition offered for sale here tries desperately to protest that Big Brother and Ingsoc might also be the product of capitalism.  If you believe this, ask yourself how well the words 'laissez-faire' would fit into Newspeak. It is absolutely true that Orwell was a 'democratic socialist.'  It is also absolutely true, and Orwell knew, that democracy could produce totalitarianism.  1984 is a critique of two things: relativism (the view that there is no objective truth), and the planner's mentality (that endemic to both the left and right).  To think of it as a criticism of any purely economic system is just plain silly."
"Many of the reviewers on this page are part of the pre-millenium paranoia that seems to have gripped our country in a solid grasp in the last few years.  What many of the people who have joined this movement fail to realize is that they have done just what Orwell warned against, becoming part of a faceless movement.  All that need be given to form a mindless mob is a galant cause,  and the destruction of the evil ""new world government"" fits that bill perfectly.  What these people fail to realize is that the individuals trying to violate our homes, and ultimately our brains, are the pervayors of capitalism itself; that is the owners of huge corporate conglomerates , private individuals that have a larger motivation than world domination . . . greed.  So, go ahead and buy this book on a computer built by a huge monopolizing business, over an ""internet"" that has exposed your personal knowledge to thousands of people (a service wich you pay for), using a credit card which holds you constantly in debt to a group of people which you have never even seen.  Know then, that some lessons are never learned."
"I read the book twice.  Saw the movie (with Richard Burton) three times.Orwell's tale is the tale of our time.  It is the story of a man's total loss of himself, and the story of the nature of the society that took his very soul.  Smith's fight against Big Brother proves more than just futile.  His fight is the direct cause of his undoing both in his loss of ""freedom"" to move within his restricted society and in his loss of any concept of self.In many respects this is the ultimate horror story because after all the tyrany, torture, hate, and deceit, the greatest horror still remains inside the human psyche.  Smith who could no longer believe in his lover Julia, who could no longer believe in his neighbors, who could no longer believe in the resistance & Emmanuel Goldstein, who never believed in ""God,"" finally failed to believe any aspect of himself.  What's left?  ""He loved Big Brother.""This is an extremely powerful book.  I have only touched on one of its major themes.  I highly recommend it."
"The first ever Orwell book I read. I was younger, but I got the message loud and clear. Although it is complicated at times, (with the appendix and the alternate language etc.) it is masterfully written and should be read by everybody who is old enough to understand its true meaning. Although it is fiction, it is very believable; plausable, but hopefully preventable. Highly recommended."
"1984 is, to put it lightly, hypnotic.  Almost every little thing in Winston and Julia's world is clearly described.  When it all boils down, it's about a guy, whose world's current status quo is to have no soul, fighting against an insurmountable evil.  Being a fan of the X-Files, I thought I was paranoid.  But, in an all to real vision of our future, where the government controls all, I cannot help but wonder- was the great master of Negative Utopia on to something?"
"Everyone knows the story of Big Brother sybolizing the communist movement in the USSR in the 1940's, but this book is far more than that. Towards the end of the book, where other people has refeered to as boring, there is a very deep section on the human mind and our understanding of the things happening around us. This is clearly one of the greatest pieces of lititure ever written."
"In this book, George Orwell paints a very dark future for human kind in his novel 1984.  One must wonder how accurate he is about this, society's future. He shows how a gov't can alter the past just as quickly as the present occurs and still maintain full power over it's people. Today is the world going in the direction that this book depicts, to the exact destination, or are we going the opposite way. One can only think and worry about this situation, but it does appear society is heading towards what Orwell wrote so many years ago. The people of Oceania in this book were governed by telescreens monitoring everybody's moves and giving them rules to abide by. This book depicts a communist gov't and a guess at how the future will be. I personally really enjoyed this book. It was one of the few books that kept my attention on every page. This is definately a book for the intelligent reader.  END"
"Though I consider this book a masterpiece I personally like ""Animal Farm"" better. The ending of 1984 is fantastic..shocking and all around genius...but before reaching that climax, one is exposed to a long and dreary relationship that is based more on hate of their surrounding then actual love. I wish Orwill had paid just a little more attention to the characters. They could have made the book go by a little faster. then again he was a conceptual writer and never really paid much attention to his charactes. Its the message that counts not the content...and the message is a warning about big government presented by BB himself."
"""Under the spreading chestnut tree  I sold you and you sold me:  There lie they, and here lie we  Under the spreading chestnut tree."" 1984 is a powerful book about communism and one mans defiance against it. Imagine the world split up into three huge superstates which all are communist. The government controls your way of life, where you work, what you think, how to love, what your provisions will be, and everythiing in between. It is a stunning tale of passion and rebellion that ends with a BANG. A must read for anyone who loves a good story. BEWARE OF ROOM 101."
"This is perhaps the best book I have ever read, it's basically a book that's against the government becoming too watchful over it's people, it's about how society functions in a state were there is no democracy, were there is a totalitarian government, that won't admit, and a place were ""Big Brother"" is always watching you, where you're deepest darkest most private fears are known by all, and used against you, most of all this book is about the evils of communism, drawing symbolism between Big Brother and one of the most tyrannical and oppresive leaders of all time, Josef Stalin, this is a great book and I recommend it for everyone to read"
"The book is gripping and holds the reader captive for the majority of the book. The characters tale is told intelligently and the plot has all of the litte things it takes to make a good book. However, towards the end of the book it becomes boring unless you really have the perserverence to go on. On a less technical note the book tells a story that you can see in the lay of tomorrow and it is not a good prospect. A time when propoganda is the daily news and and you love your government, dead or alive. They say that love will always find a way, and here it does. For a short time that is. The government goes even so far as to control a persons personal life, and the struggle against them is fruitless, if not gripping. Definetly a good book for everybody."
"By revealing the extreme; George Orwell, in 1984, described a chilling reality.  This reality was a testimony to the extremes that a government could reach if given the license to do so.  Big Brother is a microcosom for the greater socialistic atmosphere that was created in the Soviet Union of the 1940's."
"I read 1984 when I was in High School and its still amazing how many of us remember it and refer to ""big brother"" in our everyday lives.  After all 1984 has come and gone but has the concept of an all seeing government watching our every move?  We are in a digital world we every bank transaction, movie rented,item we buy can be electronically tracked that allow others to see more of our private lives than we realize.  Doesn't it ever make you wonder where all the junk mail comes from?  The concept is still valid and probably more so...it would be interesting to see what the generation X'ers think."
"When 1984 was first published, Orwell's fellow socialists denounced it for its clear criticism of Stalinist Communism along with the Nazi regime and all other forms of totalitarianism.  After two generations, the common view was that 1984 was on-target for its time but was now dated as the Communist regimes evolved into ordinary authoritarian ones.  Today techno-enthusiasts like Peter Huber say 1984 was based on fallacies, because the spread of information technology aids freedom, not oppression.  And to today's teenagers, the totalitarian experience seems to be ancient history.  Why should anyone still read 1984?  Partly, of course, they should read it for the same reason they should read Wiesel, Milosz, Solzhenytsin, and many others-- because we ought to remember the evils of this century for memory's sake.  But the autobiographies and histories written by those who lived under these most evil of regimes-- important as they are-- necessarily offer a bottom-up view of them.  1984, among many other things, offers insight into the psychology and mindset of the rulers, the torturers, the propagandists.  Through reading a (possibly forged) samizdat manifesto, through his conversations with O'Brien, and through his knowledge of the workings of the Party's rewrites of history and language, Smith learns-- and through him, we learn even more-- about the tight links among cruelty, terror, and power over the body and the mind.  At the moment we are mostly free of the specific kinds of regimes Orwell attacked, though we should not lightly assume that they will never return.  We are not and probably will never be free of those who seek power for power's sake, of those who use torture and terror, of cruel and evil rulers and would-be rulers.  We are not free of the corruption of history and language by politics.  1984 is in that greatest of categories of fiction-- the literature that allows its readers to understand reality better."
"I didn't expect much from a book written in 1949.  I thought I was going to read about ideas which we would view as humorous living in the 90's.  But Orwell's vision of the 1984 might as well be called any year in the future.  For one simple reason, this could happen too easily.  The three powers Oceania, Eurasia and Eastasia are in fighting a war that keeps there citizens in oppresion.  Only a handful of secretive revolutions toil in the dirty, drab society of 1984.  To read this book is to almost read a non-fictional work of the struggle of man and the over powering forces of government at work.  Winston Smith is an ordinary character who leads us through the innermost thoughts of human psyche and the truthes and terrors which lie within.  This book is scarier than any work by Stephen King, H.P. Lovecraft or Dean Koontz.  Quite simply put the dangers of the olligarchy collectivism seem to real and are just as close to home as they were to readers of the 50's and 60's."
"1984 must be called an epic. Few stories have so firmly entrenched themselves into the fabric of our society like Orwell's masterpiece. From the concept of Big Brother to those of ""newspeak"" and ""thought crime,"" this book has filled several voids in our language. Perhaps the book has frightened us into paying it homage. It hits us at home by addressing issues such as our right to privacy, the extent of control a government should wield over its people, the boundaries of patriotism, the value of love. This novel runs deep in my veins for these reasons and more.  In case you hadn't noticed the 6 movies, 15 albums and 3,645 features on 1984, it is the story about life in a hypothetical future. At the time Orwell wrote the novel, the year 1984 was a far-off place in the future. Now it belongs to an era with which we associate opulence and injurious Presidents. For the sake of argument, however, 1984 represents a hypothetical future in any era whereby government has reached too far down our pants.  We follow the life of poor Winston, smoking his Victory cigarettes and drinking his Victory coffee, who has the unfortunate affliction of thinking for himself. We follow Winston through the dim corridors of his housing facility hoping that he remembers, BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING. Big Brother is watching Winston and the rest of the community to make sure they stick to the law. After all, they must keep up in their perpetual war with Eurasia and Oceania, the ENEMIES. Of course, Winston has the misfortune of falling in love with a woman, which has no place in the effort to win the war. You'll have to read the book to find out what they do with Winston...  This novel builds on a brilliant premise that makes the reading - and learning - fascinating throughout. Read it before the government tells you that you can't."
"Orwell's 1984 was a compelling, haunting book.  I liked this book and would give it an ""10"" because, although it dealt with large contemporary political issues, it addressed them in a personal way.  The reader was forced to see that human dignity, intellectual integrity, freedom, and personal needs of love, passion, family, warmth, and security were mankind's true imperatives.  This was a message worth both sending and receiving.  It was conveyed on an individual scale that engendered an effective emotional reaction.  I liked Winston; I wished to free him.  I hoped he would escape into the ""prole"" world with Julia and be content.  When Winston was captured I wanted his torture to cease; but most of all I longed for his intellectual integrity to survive-its destruction was devastating. For me, therefore, Orwell created an effective warning. Winston told Julia ""we are the dead,"" since because of their individuality, private beliefs, and his intellectual integrity they were doomed. Thus, Orwell vividly reminded us that we must value and safeguard our personal freedoms."
"1984 will go down in the history books as being one of the milleniums best books.  In my opinion, it is as classic as the Iliad, the Odyssey, and the Bible.  It is nothing short of a masterpiece, written by a masterfull author.  The hopeless and deeply depressing concepts and social conditions so eliquently described in this book are almost uncomprehensable in modern times. This book is a call to carefully monitor federalistic endeavors in the future for the betterment of humankind."
"The prophecy, the nightmare, the year, the state of mind,the way of being, and yes, the classic novel itself are what 20th  century intellectuals associate with George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four.  Although this is how the book is perceived by most, the saga of character Winston Smith placed in an oppressive world ruled by the totalitarian perils of ""Big Brother,"" stands for more than just a year, or the political nightmare, Nineteen Eighty-Four signifies now.  Nineteen Eighty-Four indicates the thoughts deep down inside one of us that denote our weakening of individuality and the wrath of group will that  exploit this abatement.  All of our trust in authority dissolves when the empty darkness of ""massmindness"" and ""doublethink"" swells by Orwell's amazing insight."
"George Orwell's final novel, 1984, was written amidst the anti-communist hysteria of the cold war.  But unlike Orwell's other famous political satire, Animal Farm, this novel is filled with bleak cynicism and grim pessimism about the human race.  When it was written, 1984 stood as a warning against the dangerous probabilities of communism.  And now today, after communism has crumbled with the Berlin Wall; 1984 has come back to tell us a tale of mass media, data mining, and their harrowing consequences.  It's 1984 in London, a city in the new überstate of Oceania, which contains what was once England, Western Europe and North America.  Our hero, Winston Smith works in the Ministry of Truth altering documents that contradict current government statements and opinions.  Winston begins to remember the past that he has worked so hard to destroy, and turns against The Party.  Even Winston's quiet, practically undetectable form of anarchism is dangerous in a world filled with thought police and the omnipresent two-way telescreen.  He fears his inevitable capture and punishment, but feels no compulsion to change his ways.  Winston's dismal observations about human nature are accompanied by the hope that good will triumph over evil; a hope that Orwell does not appear to share.  The people of Oceania are in the process of stripping down the English language to its bones.  Creating Newspeak, which Orwell uses only for examples and ideas which exist only in the novel.  The integration of Newspeak into the conversation of the book.  One of the new words created is doublethink, the act of believing that two conflicting realities exist.  Such as when Winston sees a photograph of a non-person, but must reason that that person does not, nor ever has, existed. The inspiration for Winston's work ,may have come from Russia.  Where Stalin's right-hand man, Trotzky was erased from all tangible records after his dissention from the party.  And the fear of telescreens harks back to the days when Stasi bugs were hooked to every bedpost, phone line and light bulb in Eastern Europe. His reference to Hitler Youth, the Junior Spies, which trains children to keep an eye out for thought criminals- even if they are their parents; provides evidence for Orwell's continuing presence in pop culture.  ""Where men can't walk, or freely talk, And sons turn their fathers in."" is a line from U2's 1993 song titled ""The Wanderer"".Orwell assumes that we will pick up on these political allusions. But the average grade 11 student will probably only have a vague understanding of these due to lack of knowledge.  It is even less likely that they will pick up on the universality of these happenings, like the fact that people still ""disappear"" without a trace every day in Latin America.Overall, however, the book could not have been better written.  Orwell has created characters and events that are scarily realistic.  Winston's narration brings the reader inside his head, and sympathetic with the cause of the would-be-rebels.  There are no clear answers in the book, and it's often the reader who has to decide what to believe.  But despite a slightly unresolved plot, the book serves its purpose.  Orwell wrote this book to raise questions; and the sort of questions he raised have no easy answer.  This aspect can make the novel somewhat of a disappointment for someone in search of a light read.  But anyone prepared to not just read, but think about a novel, will get a lot out of 1984.1984, is not a novel for the faint of heart, it is a gruesome, saddening portrait of humanity, with it's pitfalls garishly highlighted.  Its historic importance has never been underestimated; and it's reemergence as a political warning for the 21st century makes it deserving of a second look.  Winston's world of paranoia and inconsistent realities is  an eloquently worded account of a future we thought we buried in our past; but in truth may be waiting just around the corner."
"As the plot has already been summarized by all the other online-reviewers, I will put this simple and straight: I worship this book. Tell your grandchildren!"
"I recently finished 1984, and I thought it was pretty cool. I was pulling for Winston and Julia all along, and I even had some doubts about O'Brien.  I think Orwell's written a very political, social, economically minded book, that says some very important things about government control and oppression.  Walter Cronkite's preface explains the book as a warning, and a successful one at that since our world has yet to fall into the depressing reality of Orwell's vision.  I was disturbed, intrigued, and confused by the book, and it's prompted me to consider many different aspects of our present society, such as Newspeak and Doublespeak, governmental influences, and societal forces.  Thanks Goeroge."
"This is the best book that I have read.  Orwell gets into the mind of the reader and makes him think about every thought he gets.  I know that I will never think the same after having read this book.  And to that guy from California, first of all learn how to spell and secondly, I didn't count the number of reviews posted but at least 90% rate this book as a ten or nine, and you are the only person that gave it a one."
"""He who controls the presant, controls the past, he who controls the past controls the future.."" this book tells how the government can pull the wool over ones eyes If the dont be carefull. when I heard the slogans:WAR IS PEACE, FREEDOM IS SLAVERY, IGNORENCE IS STRENGTH I thought of the corrupt society it is. war is peace means that you have the target  to kill so dont think just do.freedom is slavery means that when you have somany choices that your enslaved by them for example: ""One hamburger please."" server says ""would you like fries with that?"" person says no ""perhaps a large drink?"" no ""ketchup?"" When all you wanted was a hamburger!  Ignorance is strength means that the more  people who dont know something, the more people will be afraid of it. Hence the more people that will rise against it."
"At first I did like the book.  Then it just started to suck right around the time when Winston was getting sexually involved with his girl friend.  I hated the book so much that I forgot her name.  The first hundred or so pages i liked, then it just got really boring.  So II highly reccomend that you DO NOT READ THIS BOOK.  And please for the love of God don't read that ""Brave New World"" book by Hoxley.  It is twice as worse as 1984.  To put it bluntly, DON'T READ ANY GEORGE ORWELL. Your just waisting your time."
"To anyone who wants to know about the so called 'communism' that happened all over the world, read the book. Mostly, if not exactly, the imagination of Orwell was reality. And worst of all, it is still a reality in lots of places."
"Any one who loves this book should really be listening to the band ""ANTI-FLAG"" or ""Guttermouth""...  I loved this book, and am just about to start reading ""the Anarchist Cookbook"".  all of you 1984 fans should read it too.Bye."
"First, I wanna say that this book is above anything else you will read during your lifetime.  It is more inspiring than the scripture, and for many, more useful (no offense).When I finished reading 1984 in my freshman year of college, I was completely depressed, devastated, yet infinitely enlightened.  1984 is not fiction by any standard; the techniques used by the totalitarian governments in the novel resemble those of today's Third World countries very much that you would think Orwell was a real prophet, or maybe just the mentor?  Anyway, I come from a country with a totalitarian regime, and 1984 was like a slap on the face and a wake-up call: I suddenly realized why my country is in constant war, why we see the portrait of our own Big Brother everywhere, why my countrymen never taste the revenues of oil and how it is all achieved.  Oh, in case you were wondering, I come from a country called Syria.The novel cannot be fully appreciated by an American who lived all his or her life thinking that the biggest threat to their life was the Commies or Saddam Hussein using chemical weapons on them, or, not having milk to go with their cereal in the morning.  Those who truly suffer their governments' greed and insanity will undoubtedly find some form of solace in reading Orwell's masterpiece.  Alas, most of those live in countries where reading is not a luxury to be had freely, and where existence is a struggle.  In short,the novel will transform you to a whole plane psychologically and intellectually.  READ IT, for your own sake, for humanity's sake.  Only then will you know why it is really a free (well, almost) cure to stupidity, ignorance, and apathy."
I believe that this book shows a great struggle between being an individual and being a follower of an unknown power. And it shows the horror of living in a totalitarian world.
"Orwell's ""1984"" is a classic piece of 20th century literature, no doubt. While I can see many things of which he speaks of in today's society (doublespeak, Big Brother, etc.), this book was not written as prophecy, as some might suggest. It should serve as a warning, nothing more.Instead, I'll say that I read it as required reading in a high-school literature class and found Orwell's ""Animal Farm"" to be a less heavy-handed approach to storytelling. I enjoyed ""1984"" only slightly more than the later film based upon the novel <yawn>."
"Orwell has come as close to scripture as possible in this chilling, surreal, astounding book.  For those of you who believe that power can be benign, just read this book, and you will NEVER fully trust any power structure again."
"I feel that Orwell tried to warn not just the people of his time, but future generations of the  atrocities a form of government such as totalitarianism would create.Yeah, it (facism and nazism) was very rampant in '48, but as '98 approaches, many of the things mentioned in the book are seemingly apparent in today's society.I read this novel my senior year in high school, and I honestly have to say that no other book has ever gotten to me... not even Slaughterhouse 5. Now that I am in my first year in college I have to write a paper on this arbitrary fanatical form of government,I understand where Orwell was coming from when he said that "" BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU!"" Our government, which has sworn to protect the public, says that we the people have our constitutional rights as americans to have privacy and freedoms, yet our lovely government harasses law abiding citizens by invading thier privacies and shutting them up when trying to express their opinions. Don't get me wrong... I like this country, but it is gradually reducing itself into this sadist form of government that Orwell had desperately tried to warn us about. I guess this is about all I have to say about this."
"George Orwell's 1984 is not only the best book he wrote, but also without any doubt the best apocalyptical novel ever written and probably also the best book written in the 20ieth century, that is the most important one. George Orwell once wrote that if one was to summarize his complete work, or find one topic in all of his books, novels, essays and short stories, it would be his fight against totalitarian systems. So 1984 wasn't only the last book he ever wrote, but also his impressive final work on the topic that had influenced all his work. Why is it so genius? Mainly because it is a universal work. Of course it describes perfectly well real totalitarian systems that existed, like Stalin's or Hitler's, and it is basically a book against totalitarian systems, but it is also more. It describes a society, but also the minds of the people living in it, it describes the way mankind could be, it is a universal book about human evil. Ideas like doublethink or newspeak seem frightening familiar to us, we know the trends that lead to what has become out of society in 1984. The probably most shocking thing about 1984 is that it is perfectly realistic and logical in its structure. It is a perfect dictatorship, with High Tech and omniposcient. The main difference between the system in 1984 and, for example, Hitler's dictatorship is that the government in 1984 can do something no other dictatorship in reality ever could: Totally reign over man's mind. What Socrates once said today still is true: The thoughts are free. Even people resisting the nationalsocialistic regime and being caught and tortured still had their thoughts, they could make them say anything, but they could not make them really believe it. In 1984, even thoughts are slaved, it takes a long time to change Winston's mind, and it is not easy, but they finally succeed, finally Winston's mind is changed, impressively demonstrated by the famous final sentence of the book. The shocking thing is that even this seems to be possible to the reader, no one can claim that it's not logical. It is interesting to know that Orwell really believed that the future would look like 1984. Sure, he was dying while writing 1984 and had ergo no hope left, but nevertheless it is too easy to claim that he was too pessimistic, anyway. 1984 also is based on his own experience, the confrontation with inhumanity and human misery in his whole life, the experience of the slums in Paris and London, the Spanish Civil War, English hippocritical people, the Nazis and the Holocaust, etc. One really can see the ideas presented in 1984 developing in his work, ""Politics and the English language"" is nothing else but a description of newspeak, and in ""Looking back on the Spanish Civil War"", he already talks about the concept of the nonexistence of truth in a totalitarian system, even using the same example (2+2=5). It is also too easy to say that 1984 is over, that Orwell was wrong, and what he predicted will never actually happen. 1984 is a warning, a horrible and shocking warning which must not be ignored by anyone."
Stephen Bradley: I first read this book and now Im 15 and I still  haven't read another book.  Every time I read it again I find another piece of clever symbolism.  I would recommend this book to anyone!  I am incredibly awed by the clever uses of English and symbolic meanings.  For example I have been told that Gin was thought to be the downfall of the British Working Class.  It would be a shallow understanding of the book to claim it as an anti-socalist book as Orwell (Eric Blair) obviously cared about the working class and was only against pretentous totalatarian states.  I invite any like minded people to discuss the book with me.  I apolagise for carless grammar and spelling (Im only 15 :)  )
"Orwell wrote about his own time, 1948. He found the reality of what was going on so disturbing that he refused to acknowledge this time: he swapped the 4 and 8, hence its title.  Orwell explores a depressing humanity, listless with meaninglessness.The crux is at the end where Winston is talking to O'Brien and says he knows that he will fail...that there's something in the universe, something that he will never overcome. O'Brien asks if Winston believes in God. Winston says no. Thus there is nothing that exists that the party does not control.  This is Orwell's nightmare; a world without God."
"Think about a world where thinking unorthodox thoughts about the government is a crime,  punishable by torture and death.  Everywhere you go you are in the presence of a telescreen, or a two way television, where people can see you, instead of you just seeing them.  Microphones are placed everywhere, catching every single word you speak. This is the world of 1984.  A novel by George Orwell, a novel not about what life might be, but of what it is becoming.  Published in 1949, the book offers political satirist George Orwell's nightmare vision of a totalitarian, bureaucratic world and one man's attempt to find himself. A communist government, called Oceania are at constant war with two other similar governments, Eastasia, and Eurasia.  Eternal warfare is the price of bleak prosperity. The story is about a man named Winston Smith.  He lives in a time when the love of somebody is  illegal, not just the act, but the feelings and nature toward one another.  When Winston meets Julia, a romance sparks.  But they can only see each other secretly, away from the telescreens and microphones.  They soon join the underground opposition of the party, called the brotherhood.  One day, the Thought Police(Some police that can read your thoughts and stuff if you have bad thoughts, they catch you) catch them in their hideout, an upper story room on top of an old antique shop. In my opinion, this novel is a very scary and timely book.  The fact that this book can be non-fiction can scare the living daylights out of you.  The book is fairly complicated, and the beginning is quite slow.  This book is not necessarily meant to create a scare, but to warn people about what might happen in one.  The last four words can create a very serious case of depression or it may leave you something to think about afterwards.  I know it happened to me. Most definitely  I would recommend this book, but I have to warn you that it cannot be treated like an old rag, something that you can just toss aside when you don't want it. It will take you really close to psychosis, and then toss you into a suffocating kind of depression. This is not a novel you will neglect, and it is not a book you can read without wondering about everything you think and do. You'll never hear the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you"" again without chills going all over you body, giving you shivers, and fear filling every little space of your body. This book can also be quite confusing to some, and boring at the same time.  I am only in the 8th grade, and many of the government aspects of the book were quite hard to catch.  The last 45 pages or so of this book though, was very interesting.  It reminded me of a parent hitting a child if they were bad.  They keep on hitting them until they learn what is right in the parent's point of view.  If you are looking for a book in which you can sit down and relax, then don't try this book."
"Orwell's portrayal of a distopic future is extremely powerful.  Perhaps what makes it so gripping is the haunting plausability of it all - you'd like to think ""this is a book, it's fiction,"" but it could all too easily come true.  As a college student, this has had far more impact on my beliefs than any textbook or lecture.  If you've read and enjoyed Huxley's ""A Brave New World"" (also very good), you'll like this one, too!"
"As a high school sophomore who just recently read this review, I am pleased to say that this novel got me interested in literature all over again. It is a shocking message to society that will change the reader forever. When reading this book, one must not only appreciate the plot; you should also look deeper into the more frightening, pscychological concepts involved (such as doublethink). It's more than a story, you must read on a higher level and imagine yourself as Winston himself. The theme of hoplessness is quite appropriate, I'd say, since a society without emotion or means of revolution is indeed hopeless. I would recomend this to anyone. YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK!!!"
"I will never read this book again.  It broke me to pieces.  I was bed-bound for days.  It changed the way I thought about government and, in fact, just about everything.  A terror of giving the slightest degree of control to anyone, because they could take more.  Read it if you dare."
"Nineteen Eighty-Four remains the popular watchword for invasion of privacy fifty years after its publication. The novel can be read as a warning against the malign personalization that could be possible with a systematic technological attack on privacy. `The worst thing in the world,' says the hero's torturer, `varies from individual to individual.' The evil state in 1984 sought to control mindspace and to dictate identity to its subjects. ``The command of the old despotisms was ``thou shalt not''. The command of the totalitarianisms was ``Thou shalt''. Our command is: ``*Thou art*.''"
"Make no mistake about it, this novel is possibly the most terrifying thing ever written,c ertainly one of the few that shocked me. But the Party is not a masterpiece society. For example, if the mythological, immortal Emmanuel Goldstein(get it?) , the face to be forever stamped on, is said to be a traitor, once a member of the Party. What problem should BB have with thoguht criminals walking to the stake proclaiming their heresy? Also, within years  of the story, all Inner Party members would be dead. But the Party would still continue, the old world abolished? No, as was seen with Julia, even those raised from birth by the party still occasioanlly break free from the rule. Also, there is hope int he proles. A thought-criminal might have no more to dot han get some possessions of the Inner Party to the hands of the proles, enough to make them realize they are oppressed. This novel is, however, horribly accurate in its prediction of dehumanization by technological advancement. I suppose however, I see hope int his dystopia, because perhaps, unlike Winston, I do believe in God. Down With Big Brother!"
"This has to one of the best books i have ever read.  It shows us what the world would be like if governments obtained complete power over the populace.  It makes one think, and if you are not ready for how it makes you think then you may find it long and boring.  Give it a chance though, you'll be rewarded."
"I am a 7th grader and I had to read this book for GT(Gifted and Talented program) and I thought it was really quite interesting, but a little hard to understand.  I still don't understand the Ignorance is strength, War is Peace, etc. They are just oxymorons to me.  Overall it taught me something about the power of society and that we should never let it get out of hand.  I know how to speak Newspeak too."
"WAR IS PEACE.  FREEDOM IS SLAVERY.  IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH.  I am unable to adequately describe to you here how utterly amazing (also horrifying, nightmarish, grim, cold, and bleak) this book is.  If you feel that you're capable of transcending to a new level of intellectual awareness and intelligence, then you're ready for this book.  People who read this book that aren't ready for this transition will find the experience unfulfilling."
"This book, which is really a science faction, as opposed to a science fiction book, is most disturbing. Orwell's main theme in this book is that the aim of any dictatorship is to bore it's citizens to death and thereby suppress thought.Any form of excitement is thwarted by the Junior Anti-Sex League,24 hour interactive television and repetitive labour.Orwell seems to be saying that without imagination, there can be no freedom.Still,despite the lack of a clear plot, this is the best dystopian book I have ever read."
"The way Orwell suck you into the book is one of the most effective ways I've experienced. His metaphysical imagination of the last decade is frightening and mind-blowing at the same time. It makes us think of the world in the book, and inevitably compare it with ours. 1984 stands as one of my all-time favourite. And to the 15-year-old reader from USA who said that it's mundane, I have a word of advice for you. If you can't imbibe the message in the book, then you're just immature. Mind you, I'm 16."
"George Orwell's 1984 is really brilliant. It warns about how life can be when a totalitarian power is exerted over people. Orwell wrote this book when totalitarism was identified with comunism, fascism and national-socialism. But today we know that an apparently democratic government can use mass media, TV, doublethinking and ignorance to gain and increase its power. 1984 is not a prophecy but a warning about the evilness of power and its consequences over individuals and society."
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATHIS BOOK WAS SCARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"This is, without a doubt, one of the best books everwritten. 1984 isn't just a science fiction story, it's also, moreimportantly, a warning. In a time when cameras are being placed on street corners, it's almost ironic to watch as so many of Orwell's predictions have become a reality. It really doesn't matter what year this is; 1984 will always be important."
"We all know that the year 1984 has come and gone, but Orwell's prophetic, nightmarish vision in 1949 of the world is becoming timelier than ever. 1984 is still the great modern classic of the ""negative Utopia""-a startingly original and hounting novel that creates an imaginary world that is completely convincing, from the first sentence to the last four words. No one can deny this novel's power, its hold on the imagination of whole generatins,or the power of its admonitions-a power that seems to grow not lessen, with the passage of time.It is the story of a man by the name of Winston Smith he lives in a time when love of a woman is illeagal not just the act but the nature and feelings to one. A time when you are watched by your television and never have a life by yourself. A time when no one is safe from big brother. And a time when no one can rebel."
"Orwell's view of the world in 1984 is amazing, capturing thedeception and reality that exists around us. This foresight from the1950s into the future is great because its accuracy is undeniable. The life of Winston Smith, as well as his interaction with society, can be directly related to the current day. Winston unknowingly is under the watchful eye of Big Brother, who has telescreens and informants everywhere to note Winston's actions. With today's video cameras and listening devices, this fiction becomes reality. The Thought Police are comparable to communist governments and the media, trying to conform people to their standards and/or ideas. Love is also restricted, like the love Winston has for Julia. A person can no longer carry on a simple relationship without intervention from outside sources. The novel was truly ahead of its time, and may still hold true for future generations. The primary reason ""1984"" remains popular is because it can still be applied to the world today. Orwell has written a marvelous story of the past, present, and future, allowing us to all live the life of the oppressed Winston Smith and see reality for ourselves."
"Orwell creates a frightening picture of how easy it is to manipulate human minds using extreme nationalism, unification from a common enemy, misplaced love, and the love of hating things.  Readers ask themselves ""WHY? Why do these people let themselves be subjected to such mind control?"" Really it's all the people know.  Somehow to them it makes perfect sense that the past doesn't exist.  Scary.  One of the best books I've ever read"
1984-A good example of what government can and may do.  Good warnings of what may happen when government is given too much power and how it may completely take over without being noticed.  Depressing but gives good insight.  READ IT!!
"This is a book which will haunt you all your life.  It's a powerful tale of just how far tyrany can go.  The impact of the book derives from the believability of the story and it's characters.  I believe this work will survive as one of the great classics of our century.  I do however warn any reader to be sure they are prepared to literally ""walk through the valley of the shadow of death"".  Orwell paints a future so totally evil that it takes one some time to recover"
"It is difficult to put in words the power that Orwell's 1984 holds without the grave risk of understating.  Orwell offers us a negative Utopia, a world where evil thrives and the word ""Communism"" is never actually uttered, for the simple reason that it does not need to be...he offers us Winston Smith, a tortured man who's struggle for his own thoughts, ideas, and lover is doomed to failure from the beginnning.  The undertones of hopelessness, poverty, evil, and senselessness are ever present in this terrifying novel that I believe will outlive us all.  One can only wonder why this novel was not put on the blacklist of Joseph McCarthy, who dubbed so many classics as ""Unamerican"".  Many have found themselves profoundly depressed upon reading the last four words of this novel, which is every free thinking, open minded man's worst nightmare staring back from a page.."
"Most everyday at school, I am assigned reading.  It never crossed my mind that a book with such power and meaning, 1984, could be read in a parochial school.  I read it as a Sophomore last year, and now, as a Junior, am able to now fully understand the book and its tribulations.Orwell is the master teacher, and we should consider ourselves to be mere pupils, desiring to learn the craft of excavating the truth."
"Through out the centuries, men have preached altuism and unity.  They were Big Brother.  Through out the centuries, men have preached equality and hipocrosy.  They were Big Brother.  Through out the centuries, men have preached non-thought and conformity.  They were Big Brother.  Through out history, a long line of men have stood, begining with Plato, continuing with Stalin, and propagated today by every man, woman, and child who believes that 2+2=5, that A is not A.These men have stood for Big Brother, have stood for Ingsoc, have stood for evil, and have stood for 1984.  George Orwell's masterpiece stood for all that which conflicted with those ideals: for love, for happiness, for individualism, for ego.  On the surface, Orwell paints a picture more sickening, and more chilling to any person who believes that they are, that they are not a group, not a consortium, but exist in and for their own right.This is not a Utopia; this is what could happen, not what has happened.  It is a testament to those who will not take the easy way out, will not conform.  It is instead a tribute to those who rage against the dying of the light, for those who think, and those who know that 1984 can be stopped, by those who have stopped it through out the centuries: those who will not sanctify the punishment of virtue.  The hero of this book is not Winston; it is the old prole' hanging out laundry, and making the song written by a machine a thing of beauty.  In the end, the proletariat must rise; for they are not the lowest class, but the highest.  The party members consider themselves higher because they have force, and therefor, by their reckoning, power.  But they do not; they have nothing; everything is the Party's.  But they are not the party; Big Brother is the Party.  In the end, the Prole's are the powerful ones, for they know the beauty of reality, and of the of the simple phrase, ""It is mine.&quot"
"I found 1984 simply terrifying. Big Brother wasawesome and omnipotent: a televised god. Down tothe very last detail of this all-encompassing nightmare society, George Orwell had me captivated and fearfull; afraid to look closely at the workings of our own government and wondering at the vast differences we are told lie between the words insanity and conformity. 1984 showed the harsh realities that come to play in a society that banishes the individual and rules with the mingled emotions of love, hate, and fear and the willfull acceptance for one to beleive in anything Big Brother says, in other words, that war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength, two and two make five, and God is power."
"This book is a deep representation of the human mind in comparison to the mind of the world and society. If a single man feels one way, that is the way he feels. Even though his ideas may be different than what is normal, they are still his thoughts. Winston Smith is a man struggling between the past and the future and lost in the present. The Thought Police along with Big Brother make the laws, rules, theories, past, present and future, and all that is. Life in 1984 is Big Brother. When Winston falls in love with a woman named Julia, a forbidden act, he becomes hopeful in his efforts to defy Big Brother. The force of it's power and strength is too strong and over powering, and Winston is crushed. Winston is a grain of sand on a beach owned by Big Brother. One grain, in the world of 1984, cannot rule the beach. The beach, by definition, is all the grains of sand. Without each grain, the beach would cease to exist. Without the followers, The Party would die. The will for it to survive is to powerful to allow it to fall and die"
"I wonder, does a person have be seriously ill to write such a powerful book like Orwell did... He had no hope and he imagined all world in his situation. That's very interesting"
"I lived almost whole my life in the system like this.In Czechoslovakia it was not the worst,but there was no light at the end of the tunnel.And it could hepped to all of us with a little help from our Big Brother on the East.We are lucky,but this book have to be in every school.We were so close to the hell...now we are free again.Thank you Mr.Orwell"
"Orwell defines a derivative of language in 1984 - the concept of Newspeak.It is by virtue of word reduction that the average intelligence of the world my be reduced, as to limit the quantity and quality of thoughtverbage is to limit the power of thought itself. To keep a country in a permanenet state of war serves the purpose of working for the common good.  Could this have been Orwell's remark upon the subtle ways of the world at the time of writing the boook, or thoughts about future oppression?  I fear that Orwell was considering the former."
"This is the best science fiction story ever written.  In 1949, Orwell made his statement about dictatorialgovernments by writing a tale in which the entire world was dominated by three dictatorial supercountries, obviously based on the Russian communists of the time.  In his story, a man from the nation of Oceania dares to secretly hate the countries figurehead leader, Big Brother.  He must hide from the Thought Police and his more loyal comrades to join the revolutionary party, the Brotherhood, before he is discovered and tortured in the Ministry of Love, the nation's hypocritical law wnforcement.  This book is a must for every fan of Brave New World or Animal farm, or any book of the like."
"The scariest, deepest, most intesting, and undoubtedly the best book I've ever read.  When I started it, I couldn't put it down.  When I finished it, I couldn't pick it up for fear of paranoia.  Even now, after I've finnaly somewhat gotten over it, there are still some nights I can't sleep thinking about this unbelievably incredible book.  It's ten times scarier than any Stephen King novel, and it's at least as deep, if not deeper, than anything written by Poe or Shakespeare.  This book should undoubtedly be a requirement for anyone in the entire world living under any form of government.  The story takes place in 1984, but it could be set in 2084 and not much would change.  There is absolutely nothing I've ever read which even comes close to projecting the kind of heavy, depressing, absolute fear which uterly consumes the reader and stays with them forever.  Of course I would recommend this book, but I must warn that it can't be treated lightly.  It will send you to the edge of paranoia, and throw you into a smothering kind of depression.  This is not a book you will soon forget, and it's not a book you can read without questioning everything you think and believe.  You'll never hear the phrase ""Big Brother is watching you"" again, without chills going down you're spine, and fear filling every corner of your being"
"This is the timeless classic which the term ""Orwellian"" and""Big Brother"" are derived. This terrifying look into apossible future in which the Government ""Big Brother"" holds total control over the populace. Orwell's vision of the future still holds very true to this day and is a must-read for anyone concerned about the future of technology and governmental control.  -Hans Chen"
"Orwell tells a story about Winston Smith, a man living in the utopian world of 1984!  The book deals with his struggles, and eventually, the story's end is so depressing that in the end, you may want to commit suicide or take up liquor.  BEWARE"
"This book is wonderful. It goes into detail about how thegovernment can do pretty much whatever it wants. In the bookthe government controls all the people through tv and torture if you do not do exacly what they tell you to. People are punished for having their own opinions. This book is a must read, despite its age."
"Orwell writes beautifully of the horrors of a future withoutthought, without love, without language. This book is aboutthe erasing of memory and with it the human soul.  Finally we have the articulation of pure hell where a human being is likened to a cockroach . . . watched, forever, watched."
"1984, written sometime in the 50's as far as i know.  Takes Soviet Style goverment and brings out its darkest future.  (Big Brother)  Orwell himself a socialist, offers intelligent and passionate reflections of his anxieties.  Read this novel before grabbing a 'why the USSR broke' book written by some self rightous Political Science phd. who unwittingly butchers Orwells 'big brother' to fit his narrow understanding.  Not that there aren't good books on Soviet and Russian History, which you may want to look for after reading 1984"
"Before I review the book, I must get this off my chest: ORWELL WAS BRITISH!  He was NOT writing a warning about the government to future generations of Americans, he was NOT trying to warn us about black helicopters or the cameras on the street corner or anything like that.  And in a time when a woman can be raped in public in broad daylight and get no help because people are too scared (this has really happened), perhaps a LITTLE surveillance is a good idea.  It will never reach the horrific magnitude in 1984 because Americans are too paranoid (if hypocritical) too let that happen.  Does anyone out there seriously think that a culture that fights to legalise automatic weapons because of ""Constitutional Rights"" would ever let Big Brother show his face? Now the book: 1984 is undeniably a masterpiece.  It skillfully and pointedly demonstrates the evils of Stalinist communism.  It is not a prediction of what the American government would turn into; that is a ridiculously ethnocentric supposition.  Rather it is a then-timely warning about Joseph Stalin written during the height of the Red Scare in America.  Big Brother IS Stalin.  He even looks like Stalin.  The war that was the origin of the three governments in 1984 was the nuclear war that America and Russia were poised to fight all throughout the Cold War.  Perhaps more to the point, 1984 is a fairly accurate representation of the prevailing atmosphere of communist Russia.  People actually lived like this.  Children as spies?  Yes.  Hate week?  Under different titles, yes.  Thought police?  Without the technolgy in 1984 (though nearly so), yes.  As a warning for today, 1984 admonishes against war, senseless hate, and extreme concentration of power.  In America the concentration of power is pretty much impossible (watch Clinton try to pass a bill), but the other two seem to be the latest fashions.1984 was not meant to create paranoia; it was about the dangers of paranoia.  This book needs to be read and taught, but it needs to be taught accurately."
"1984 is undoubtedly one of the most devestating books ever written in English.  When Orwell writes Big Brother into power he gives him absolute reign over the population.  Now, citizens must not only mouth approval of the status quo, but also truly approve in heart and mind.  The novel not only faces the realities of governmental imposition on the economy, media, and personal lives of its citizens, addressing such real-life and very current issues as censorship, control of the press, and sexual freedom, but it also speaks of the oppression of the conscious, rational mind over the creative vision of the artist.  The subjugation of the masses serves as a large scale representation of the battle between the artist and society, and ultimately, the artist and himself.  Winston spends much of the book working to uncover the truth.  He seeks to separate the actual truth (if such does exist) from the invented while he sits at his job churning out pages of manufactured history.  In his home he sits, bent and fearful, just outside of Big Brother's gaze writing his thoughts at the end of the day, trying to hold on to some hint of the world as he percieves it.  Even his romance with Julia is an attempt to claim some hold on the world as he lies in bed with her and asks whether it is possible that anyone else has ever felt as he does.  While Winston is the artist, Juliea is the muse.  She represents the artist longing to complete himself, the male and the female joining in fruitful creation. She acts as his audience and his artistic peer.  I cannot recommend this book enough, as a classic, as a terrifying view of government gone wrong, and ultimately as the struggle of an artist to find a free exchange of thoughts and ideas between himself and the world and his conscious and unconsious mind."
"Orwell's unbeleivably captivating and horrific view of a totalitarian society never fails to make  a reader reflect upon the riddles of our society.  The story of a grand experiment, a utopia gone horribly wrong, '84 has never been as potent, or as frightening, as it is now, as we approach an ever higher level of understanding through technology.  The novel revolves around Winston Smith, a typical Party member torn between his personality, his emotion, and the omniprescence of Big Brother and his thought police.  Constantly trying to stay as far as possible from the party's  cruel influence, Winston learns of the truth behind the propaganda, and learns how the incredible power came upon the first leaders of the party.  By controlling thought, the party has become intangible, and undefeatable.  From the first sentance to the last four horrifying words, 1984 is a novel to be reckoned with, and one that is difficult to recover from.  WAR IS PEACE. FREEDOM IS SLAVERY.  IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH."
"Personally, I enjoy novels in which I can relax.  1984 let me do anything but that.  Not only is the book overly detailed, but quite borring.  Unless it's assigned, I wouldn't suggest it."
"1984 wasn't like 1984, but if the future will be like this sometime I don't want any part of it.In the world of 1984, a communist-ish government called Oceana is in charge of the Americas, Austrailia and the British Islands, at constant war with three other similar governments. (You'll read more about that in the book--it's pretty fascinating.) Thinking unorthodox thoughts about the government and the way things are is a crime, punishable by torture and death. Everywhere you go you are in the presence of a telescreen, a sort of two-way TV where they can see you instead of you just seeing them. The English language is in the process of being modified so that unortodox thoughts are not possible.Other than that, the government seems pretty fair...:)Definitely one of my favorite books. Read it now, if you haven't already, but I wouldn't reccomend it to the young'ins (6th grade and below)...there's...uhh...stuff they wouldn't understand."
"After reading this book for a class, I realized how true it was.  George Orwell predicted the future and what is really going to happen.  Although he figured it to be around 1984, it is in the process of happening now.  The government is slowly taking over us by taking away our God-given individual rights, and they are doing it right in context with their (insiders) plan.  In 1984, he said that we were going to end up having a system where we won't even have money in our pockets, it would automatically be put into the bank at the end of each work week.  Then if we needed to pay for something, we are assigned individual numbers for which we use.  Everything Orwell predicted is actually happening now, but most people see it as a good thing that the government has planned for us.  If they actually researched more in-depth than the media, they can find out what is really going on.  Orwell was not wrong when he knew that the government was going to be controlling our lives, and I personally think this book was a warning.  This book was very early for its' time to most people, but little do Americans know how long this conspiracy has been going on. 1984 was a very scary novel to read, especially to think that it will eventually happen to us if we lose our rights guaranteed to us in the Constitution of the U.S.A.The main point I gathered from this book is that if we don't take control, we will be controlled."
"Overall, this book is pretty good. It's creepy, though! We should all take it as a warning about the kind of world we could become-- one with a totalitarian government who watches you constantly and takes away your every freedom, even freedom of thought-- if we don't adhere to our beliefs and preserve the human nature."
"In my senior year in high school, I was assigned three books to read; Fahrenheit 451, A Brave New World, and 1984.  1984 had the greatest impact on me of any book I ever read.  Winston was one man who thought freely in a world where people were made not to think, or ""doublethink"".  The moral, the lesson, the point: Think free and be sure your thoughts are indeed your own.  Express them too"
"This is a excellent book.  You have to read it.  It is a little hard to understand at first, but overall it is great.  JUST READ IT!!!"
"I really liked this book a lot.  The main reason for this is that I managed to read it after I had been in the Army for over three years.  After reading it I realized that the Army wasn't just an OK place anymore, it was actually bad, very, very bad.  After I got out I realized just how much it applied to general society outside as well.  I guess what I am trying to say is that everyone should read this book to realize just how important the right to make your own decisions about your own life really are"
"The book tries and does send out a good message for our future. Orwell warns against giving the government the ability to destroy our privacy and control us. Yet, I found htat the book as very slow at times. I almost had  to force myself to read on."
"There are three novels I recommend to everyone, especially adolescents, to encourage critical thinking. These are Orwell's '1984', Rand's 'Anthem' (or 'Atlas Shrugged' if you have the time) and Huxley's 'Brave New World.' Orwell's vision of a totalitarian regime ruling its people under a microscope through propaganda and punishment is unfortunately realistic. It is also extremely well written. It is not chance that the symbolic ""Big Brother"" is so often referenced, feared, and loathed. Orwell christened a phenomenon: the increasingly observant eye of authority. The illustrative crushing of the human spirit is heart wrenching to bear witness to, but stands as a reminder of the value of our liberty. This is a must read for the freethinking individual."
"I first read this novel in 1983 as part of a British lit class in high school.  I have never recovered from the hammer blows it delivered-- it is devastatingly thought provoking and eerily haunting.  I have re-read this  novel many times over the years, and still stand in awe of its power.  I am  thankful that this novel was required reading in my high school!"
"George Orwell's 1984 is unquestionably one of my favorite novels, if not my favorite (and not merely because the title is my birth year). Powerful and enlightening, it offers the reader a glimpse into a society in which  the omnipotent State controls the populace through manipulation of  language, alteration of the past, and other devices. With a population  composed of brainwashed Party members and apathetic proles, the zeitgeist  is characterized by contented and unthinking servitude to Big Brother. Yet  Winston Smith (committing an odious, illicit act) begins to think  negatively of the status quo, giving the basis of this thought-provoking  novel. Admittedly, one section (but only one!) becomes a bit tedious,  Goldstein's book. Keep reading! The immaculate third chapter soon follows,  culminating in the most effectual ending that I have ever read. Its impact  proves that Orwell successful captivated the reader throughout the novel.  I wonder, considering that literature as chimerical as David Deutsch's  Fabric of Reality gains placement as non-fiction, if 1984 has been  incorrectly categorized. It would not surprise me if Pol Pot had used this  novel as a guide book. Of course, elements are also apparent in modern  American society, from the welfare state to political correctness to  surveillance devices. The advice I give to the prospective reader is this:  quit reading reviews (in a worst case scenario one might learn the ending)  and read 1984!~pythia~"
"One of the most irritating and literal-minded criticisms of this book is that the events in it didn't happen in 1984--as though Orwell were writing prophecy rather than social commentary or just plain fiction.  In fact, the  majority of thought-control processes he described are in full effect  today, as Fromm's splendid addition to this edition makes clear."
"The author has come very close to predicting the future, but we still have a long way to go.A very interesting story built around the future. Although 1984 has come and gone, the future of cameras watching our every  move is very possible.As the war in Kosovo proved, some tactics are not  just fiction."
"1984 is unquestionably one of the greatest books in the history of English literature. A terrifying look at the dangers of totalitarian government, it is ingeniously written and scarily realistic. George Orwell is meticulously  thorough in his depiction of a world that is bleak, hopeless, and  horrifying--and perhaps not as distant as we think. The writing style is  factual and almost impersonal, reflecting not only the government but the  people themselves, who have been reduced to unthinking robots. Protagonist  Winston Smith's resistance against Big Brother (the symbolic leader of the  Party) and ultimate complete acceptance and execution demonstrate the  debility and irresolution of the human mind and spirit. The authoritarian  government itself is eerily familiar, complete with conspiracies,  cover-ups, and double-dealing politicians. While the year 1984 is long  past, the book is still a relevant and potent warning of what the future  may bring if we let it. The concept of 1984 is brilliant, the writing is  brilliant, and it is nearly impossible not to love this book. 1984 is a  definite must-read for anyone. Enthusiastically recommended; 5 stars."
"This is one of my favorite books of all time (and Orwell's Animal Farm is on that list also). I had to read it my sophomore year of high school. If you enjoy reading books that really make you think, then 1984 is a good  choice. Orwell has a way of writing so that a reader is interested and  challenged at the same time."
"I am going to go against the grain with this one. There are many other reviews of the exact details of the plot, so I'll just make a few comments as to why I think the book is limited in its overall social value, particularly in its assumptions about human nature. The book is set in a world of political totalitarianism that is so extreme as to become patently impossible.Whilst it may be true that the book serves as an educational warning against totalitarian thinking, and while yes it is well written and widely regarded as a classic and has numerous insights into the workings of political totalitariaism, I personally thought this book far too limited in its perspective of how human nature and society actually interact to justify its solid reputation.It is, in a nutshell, a very absorbing but deeply fatalistic analysis of political totalitarianism. The trouble is, is that this extremely fatalistic perspective is such a limited picture of how people actually think and operate, and how society actually functions, as to become self-defeating. For example: a large assumption pervades the book- human nature and society is largely fluid and 'infinitely malleable'. This so-called extreme malleability, of course can be co-opted by psychopaths/etc into various forms of totalitarianism. But this process, of course, is not inevitable, nor is it as pervasive in its most extreme versions as Mr Orwell seems to think.In a nutshell, the books assumes that human nature, and biological forces in general, do not play a large part in society and politics. Mr Orwell philosophy and activism during his life was very much of the political left, and his fatalistic analysis of totalitarianism in this book is itself, deeply biased towards the left.A curious irony in the book is that Mr Orwell creates a world that transcends the relationship between politics and human nature, in much the same way political ideology and totalitarian thinking does. It is a self-fulfilling philosophical stance, but not in accord, in my opinion, with reality. It serves little purpose, for example, in analysing totalitarianism by committing, in turn, the same mistake totalitarians make-exaggeration and over-simplification.The books general negativity is rooted in the same political ideologies it is trying to expose and warn against. It fails to appreciate the nature or influence of underlying biological forces which shape, and are co-opted by political forces. For example, the moralisitic fallacy is wrong because what ""ought"", to be is not necasarilly what ""is"", which is a strong subtext in the views of both the resistance ('brotherhood') and power brokers in this book.To gain a different perpsective, to that generally assumed by Mr Orwell, and to show why 1984 could only ever be a passing socio-political fad, I would recommend The Blank Slate by Steven Pinker. Societies do undergo revolutionary cultural transitions, and yes, these often become co-opted by psychopaths and dictators as a social system (often under the notion of 'the Blank Slate', together with the 'moralistic fallacy'), but these social systems inevitably fail and subside-primarily because of the grounding of human nature."
"Being an avid reader and lover of great literature, 1984 was an advious choice for a good read. Orwell's gripping realism captivated me in the first chapater and held my attention untill the last three words. Not only  did I find the plot captivating, but Orwell's voice spoke straight to  me.The strong political theme doesn't override the call to every one for a  better world. Any one who reads this book and take from it the message  Orwell sends, would understand why it is a classic. A fan of classic  literature or high thrill novels will enjoy this page turner."
"This was a wonderful book where the main character, Winston Smith is compelled to speak out aganist Big Brother and the end result is exactly what any one of us would have done.  A lot of people I know hated the  ending, but I think the ending makes the  book.  It shows the way that we  as humans really do  respond in situations like that.  Absolutley  incredible. This is one of the best books I have ever read."
"Another Orwell Down the Road? What Orwell did with 1984 is truly amazing. Look around you today, Big Brother has all but come into existence.  They are watching you! Who is watching me?  You will find out soon enough.  I'm  still shivering at the thought.  Thank you Mrs. Hanthrop-Fifteen years  later I finally did read this book and absolutely loved it.  But I must say  that was then, this is now. Now I have found the next generation man of  insight and novel for my time.  Mind Bomb, by John Mayer is comparable to  1984 or Stephen King's The Stand to which Mayer takes this ""More is NOT  better"" idea concerning the awesome deluge of people in the world and  really makes you wonder if everything is going to fall apart. Or if there  is someone out there ready to rise up and make certain it will.  I highly  recommend both books. Please read them, but note that Mind Bomb is only  available at Xlibris.com.E-Mail me if you have trouble finding it"
"Orwell's masterpiece is a book to be treasured. Read it purely for its entertainment value, or read it for its disturbing view of politics in our world. '1984' is a novel that has become a classic because it raises issues that are pertinent to our society - even today, more than a decade after  the time the novel was set in. This book gives you an entirely new  perspective of the world around you - how much of it can you believe, and  how much of it is truth ""through the eyes of the Party""? Themes  including war, politics, love, truth and betrayal are all discussed in a  novel that will leave you with a broader understanding of the world, life  and mankind."
This book altered the way I conceived thought and memory.  It showed us a world where people had no control over what they remember.  1984 not only a fantastic book but but a piece of literature that intrigues the deepest parts of our minds.  Please read this book!!!
This book is wonderfully depressing and should be plastered on the walls of schools and goverement buildings.Please mail me if you like or dislike thsi book.
"The greatest book ever to be put to print.  The first time I read it I became utterly depressed, but I knew the book was too good to be merrely dismissed as depressing.  So I reread it and found it a harrowing novel.  Helplessness is the best word to describe the feeling of this novel."
"George Orwell was a genius when writing this book.  This book is pure genius!  I reccomend everyone to read this book.  It shows how much we really have in life, and that we need to protect our freedom and rights at  all costs.  It would be a nightmare to live in his world"
"I found this book to be very revealing, and also a bit scary.  Not scary in the 'boogy man' way, but in the 'this could happen' way. If he was still alive, i'd tip my hat to Mr. Orwell."
"An absolutely phenomenal book written half a century ago depicting what life could become by the year 1984. What a vivid imagination Orwell possessed as he created a futuristic world in which everything is strictly  monitored. Everyone in the book seems to be frightened to death to go  against the system. I had heard my,""Big Brother,"" speak of this  book in my younger days and decided to explore the novel myself. Complete  enjoyment is what I experienced while reading this wonderful piece of  literature. Experience it for yourself whenever you can because it's well  worth the time. I would like to thank the reader from Washington State for  the recommendation of the sequel to 1984 as I had no idea that it existed."
"Although I used to read books all the time (mostly teen series like the Baby-Sitters Club), I rarely find one these days that I can stand to read for more than 10 minutes.  A few, however, I have been unable to put down  and one of those is 1984.  This book compelles the reader to think,  something so few people do today.  It is incredibly frightening to think  about living in such a tightly controlled society where one cannot even  hold one's own opinions!  To live without love and sex and opinions or  emotion of any kind is truly terrifying.  The book is so enthralling, I  could not finish it the first 2 times I read it.  Imagining the depths of  the Ministry of Love and thinking about what would await me in my own  personal Room 101 gave me nightmares.  No other book has produced such an  effect on me.  It doesn't matter how accurate he was about communism or  whether or not communism is really bad.  The fact remains that it is a  wonderfully written and incredibly creative piece of work."
"I am not that much of a book lover- but this one is, no doubt, the book to  read. This is a stunning piece of art. The most impressive part is, to my  opinion, part three in the book- where O'Brien makes Winston an 100%  supporter for the Party. In this part, you can feel the pain, the panic,  the screaming, and the range of anger junt under your skin. Also the  flashback Winston had throughout the book where he's being selfish to his  motherr and sister really touches, in some horrible-kind-of-way. My  conclution- if you can handle this book, you can handle anything."
"The main idea of the book is to portray how evil and corrupt the  government is becoming.  It continues to become more powerful and  controlling as time goes by.  In fact, the government is so powerful, that  people no longer have freedom to make their own decisions in their lives.  I think George Orwell wrote ""1984"" because he wanted to warn  people how society was slowly becoming like Oceania's in which the people  begin to think less and the goevernment gains more power.  I feel this way  because during Orwell's lifetime there were many wars being fought and he  was in a few of them.  I believe he saw how greed , power and money could  change a government and ultimately become corrupt.I definitely  recommend this book.  It is such a touching, powerful story.  George Orwell  writes such an interesting, sad story that is totally plausible.  ""1984"" is a ""haunting novel that creates an imaginary world  that is completely convincing"" (back cover).  The book just goes into  so much detail from the character's mind.  I love this book - it is just so  thought provoking.  I recommend it to anyone."
Something like that could never happen in my country I'm happy in  communist  China
"Orwell portrays a great image of a utopian sociaty, although the part in  the story where Winston is reading ""the book"" is rather boring  and takes a while to read.  Overall I would suggest reading it as soon as  you can."
I'm look for a first edition as a Christmas present for my daughter.  If  you have contacts let me know.  Thanks.
"For those of you who wrote that this novel does not make sense as a vision  of the future, and could never happen, I would just ask you to look at Nazi  Germany, the Soviet Union from a historical perspective.  But, then again,  there are 2 billion people in China who can not speak there mind without  fear of being arrested and the government has control over how many  children they can have.  Thank god you live in a country where you can be  free to read this novel. The themes are as true today as when Orwell wrote  them.  The governments desire to control what people will think (See  Clinton).  Mans inhumanity to man (See Serbs and Kosovo). Children please  read the newspaper once and a while."
"I don't read many books, but the second I read the first sentence of 1984,  I knew I was teleported to a new world.  ""The clock struck 13"",  ""National Hate Day"", these are words strong in their own that  aren't in any normal novel.  Even though it was written so long ago, this  piece of work has a true effect on anyone who reads it.  There is no doubt  at all that Orwell himself was scared of a communist society, but he put  that fear to good use when he wrote this World renown masterpiece."
"I have read 1984 many times.  Each time that I have read it I come away  with new insights to its pure genius.  The very concept of 'DoubleThink'  and 'NewSpeak' are not just literary devices in a great book, they are  current trends that exist in todays world.  In Americe, the land of the  free, the insidious grip of Political Corectness has worked it's way  through society.  We have manged to criminalize words, because their  meanings have been perverted by special intrest groups who have their own  agendas.  New words or terms have been formed to gradually herd people into  new ways of thinking.  We have a leader who by all indications has broken  the laws of the country, the bonds of his marriage, and the basic morals  that all people are expected to live be.  Most anybody can recognize this  yet at the same time cannot see where any wrong doing has taken place.  A  court appointed counsel has taken the form of Goldstein, where virtually  every crisis and point of evil in the nation and possibly world has been  blamed on him somehow.  The internet has come into most peoples homes and  office.  A person cannot go anywher now without being watched by security  cameras or electronically tracked at airports and by credit card  transactions.  It is 1998 now, but in many ways we are living in 1984.  We  just haven't looked up and noticed it yet."
"Overall, a very interesting story..However, I found some parts  super-cheesy - some parts of the book, some phrases written by the author  seemed to be written with the intent of making some super-deep, human,  philosophical point.  For my taste, the author too clearly delivers these  points...doesn't leave enough of the wrenching analysis and thought  formation to the reader.  Some points are so blatantly delivered I couldn't  help but cringe, look away from the text, and say ""ohh  man..."".Not nearly as elegant as Huxley in Brave New World."
"I, along with (probably) a few million other high-school students read  this recently, and I must say, this is one of the best books I have laid my  eyes on. This will be a book that I'll remember. Although it may not be  very realistic in the present-day free world, It was a very good vision. I  would be VERY interested to see what changes and additions would be there,  had Orwell known how powerful computers and surveillance equipment has  become, although, according to the beleifs of the culture portrayed,  development of the computer would have halted by the 70's at the latest. Oh  well. Read it if you haven't yet."
"En 1984 Orwell nos dibuja un panorama asolador. A pesar de la complejidad de los conceptos que quiere desarrollar (el proceso del doblepensar puede requerir un repaso para más de uno) los explica sencilllamente, de tal manera que no se podría haber escrito mejor. El panorama es tétrico, eso sí, con lo que no la recomiendo para mentes catastrofistas."
"1984 is a provocative novel that shows us, even today what we can still become.  It centers around a citizen of a totally controlled future earth.  Constant government supervision, as well as very limited freedom of any kind makes it difficult for him to find meaning and hapiness in his life.  Teamed up with several other rebels he plans joins a secret conspiricy in order to take down BIG BROTHER, and The Party, the two main forces keeping the world unaware of the true nature of life.  This nightmarish version of the future, shows what we can become if we do  not plan carefully."
"Orwell's 1984 is the best reason for people to read.  It demonstrates clearly and horrifically what can happen to an uneducated society that allows itself to be controlled due to it's own fear of initiative.  Anyone who asks me why I read is automatically referred to this book, which is as important now as it was when it was written."
"This book is simply one of the best.  I will reveal nothing to you save that you will love it if you read it.  The characters are incredible, their plight still poignant, and the message still relevant today.  While there is a cumbersome section, the ending is fantastic, disturbing and awe inspriring.  READ IT!!!!!"
"it moved me to tears and no book has ever done that, it was very deep.  very scary because its pluasable"
"You should read this book every five years or so. I re-read it during the Gulf War: remember in the book there is a distant war going on (maybe) about  which people know nothing except what they hear on television--sound familiar? And the ""hate minutes"" on television? It's not supposed to be an easy read! But essential."
Well I read this book in the following reasons. TO learn about more in socialism and communisms differences and to learn a different point of view. I guess this book applies to every different reader something different because it holds many values and the values can be undestood from many ways. In simple quotes many things were hidden to find out them was like a puzzle for every reader I guess. I thing this was a book that I really liked to read and also I would like to share my ideas with other readers of this book and other readers of books related to this topic.
"George had a good idea, I'll give him that, otherwise the book fell short.  Very short.  For me the book took a downword turn during the time where Winston started having a love affair with some girl.  This girl latter became a thought police inforcer, which surprised me none.  I found the book to be a bore of a read and very predictable.  My advise to all of you fair readers is to steer clear of this vile book.  You will live longer because of it."
"Two plus two does not equal five. Imagine yourself in a world where you are told it does one day but not the next. Scary. This is a brilliantly written, possibly prophetic book. It's almost a warning for how we could turn out, and the fact that the date has been and gone does not make it any less horrific. I suggest that everyone read this and use the aftertaste to make the world less like the book."
I just finished 1984 about a week ago and loved it. Orwell showed his maturity as a writer and his evolution from Animal Farm (also great). 1984 shows the force of totalitarian governments and the faults of human nature. This should be read by any progressive-minded persons in the world.
"I found 1984 to be a fascinating and realistic portrayal of human nature. Orwell's insight into the nature of governments is amazing and enlightening. He has this detached, slightly pessimistic attitude toward human nature that I love. He is so frank about man's selfishness and greed -- not only as it relates to the governments in 1984, but also to the rebels like Winston who, in the end, care only for themselves. There are no glamorous heroes in 1984 just as there are any in real life. Orwell has stripped man of all glory and glamour and shown him in an honest, if unflattering, light. I was also very impressed with Orwell's thoroughness. He described the society, the history and, most of all, the language of the futuristic Oceania in such detail. 1984 is truly a masterpiece."
"I don't consider this book to be science-fiction.  I consider this to be science-future. Leaving aside any criticism of current political parties, lets just say that 1984 is a warning about allowing the individual to be ruled by the state, about allowing the individual to fall into the collective. It can be a difficult book to read, because the concept itself is difficult in this day and age...the struggle to retain an individual mind.  The book is about Winston Smith, living in a future world (1984 WAS the future in 1949 when the book was written) which is dominated by an all-present and all-powerful government which is partly based on Stalin's Russia, Hitler's Germany, and (gasp!) England and America.  But the government which is symbolized by 'big brother' not only dominates the professional and personal world of Winston Smith, it also controls his thoughts, using constant brainwashing through media and imagery. Smith begins to assert his individualism, starts a love affair with a similar thinking woman and joins the resistance, which may only exist in his own mind.  But Smith is doomed, there is no happy ending...only a warning to us all about trends in society.  1984 may have come and gone on the calendar, but IngSoc and Big Brother live on and continues to gain. This book has become the classic metaphor for the evils and failures of collectivist societies, and will haunt your ideas of political solutions to society's problems."
"Alright, George Orwell was largely wrong in one of his major premises- technology ended up undermining totalitarianism.  Technologies like the Worldwide Web have lubricated the flow of ideas; government hacks are too incompetent, lazy and stupid to crack down effectively on computer users.  Orwell, a democratic socialist, was anti-Stalinist to his core and this book is a brilliant attack on the whole Stalin machine.  Sometimes the best critics of a system or idea are those who share some of the same assumptions.  No right-winger has ever been as effective (with the possible exception of Solzenhitsyn) in bludgeoning Stalinism.  Orwell is unusually prophetic in his use of the Telescreen as a government propaganda device and indoctrinator.  Remember, television was in its infancy when Orwell wrote this book in the late 40s.  Television has become a propaganda device though it is not used as crudely as in the Big Brother state of Orwell's 1984.  Television has effectively dumbed down the population with insipid, trite programming to the point where the average bloke is as intellectually tame and lazy as the Julie Christie character in Fahrenheit 451 (one has to believe that Ray Bradbury was heavily influenced by 1984).  Television has numbed the brains of a majority in the Western world to where they are compliant to the whims and wishes of the current ruling classes.  One last night- George Orwell's mastery of language is a thing of beauty. Read him for the robust joy of the written word."
"This is an incredible book. It'll totally change the way you think. That's the irony of the book. Orwell seems to be trying to make you think, Don't let people control what you think.  Irony aside, this foul little book seems to be a commentary on both bourgeousie and socialist society, which makes it ever more timely. A great companion for Brave New World and Animal Farm."
This is a wonderful book almost every moment is gripping. I'm 14 so the parts that I found less interesting or lost the storyline I probably misunderstood the message. I gave it a 9 because the end made me angry I feel winston should've still hated big brother.
"I have a good time with reading this book. It whas better then the ""Animal Farm"". When i read this, i was happy that Walesa was alive(pl. ze Walesa zyl), that now im free, that mi moves is like that what i wan it to be."
"This book was the greatest read of my negative utopia period.  In high school, between watching the JROTC guys (myself somewhat included) get brainwashed, the first season of the X-Files, and other books like Zamatin's IT and Huxley's Brave New World, I was a little skittish.  I chose to leave the genre behind me.Definitly a read. It will make you question your surroundings."
"Conspirisy therories aside, Orwell's prolific masterpiece '1984' tells of the struggle to remain human when faced with insurmountable odds. Orwell's unique vison, formed in the desperation of post-war Europe in 1947, descibes a future in which a totalitarism government controls all. The main character, Winston, is not set up to be a likeable, hopeful, hero-type protagonist, but rather, is created in the image of all men. He loses hope, attempts to fight the system with  small rebellion of his own, and fails miserably, as anyone would under the circumstances. His affair with a woman is the subject of censure in many reviews of this book, but again, it was not set up to portray a loving, human relationship, but to serve as irony in it's most bitter form. When love, honor, compassion, and other words of that calibure are erased from the human vocabulary, you have 1984. And Orwell's vision may serve as the correct one. People today lose their humanity with alarming swiftness, and we are faced with the simple choice Winston must make: fight or flee. Fight Big Brother and the government, or flee the mind and become another faceless drone like other characters in the story. While depressing, this novel also raises some interesting questions. I recommend this book to anyone who has ever questioned the fate of the human race. In short, everyone should read this book."
This is the best novel i`ve ever read!! It is a fine book. It makes you think about the world today. (it did for me.)
This book has given me inspiration to write two websites on politics and given me a new outlook on the world. I STRONGLY recommend that you read this! This is a wonderful book! READ IT!!!
