A good book. Thanks
all time classic
Enjoyed it.
My son had to read this for english.  This was required  reading.
Was not that good of a read. I'm not sure why this is considered a classic.
"Very good quality on the audio.  Book is compelling, but somewhat dated by todays authoring styles.I enjoyed it.Dean"
awesome
"This is still one of my favorite Sci Fi books of all time.  Reading it 30 years later is kind of a head twister.  It's hard to believe that Aldous Huxley wrote this in 1932.  As of 2015, our society is ever so much more sexualized and materialistic than in 1974 when I first read the book.  Today people take Serotonin uptake inhibitors (Prozac and Zoloft) like vitamins.  Our government spies on us and what passes for news is laughable.  I don't even want to think about how many subliminal messages we receive."
Great book! The scary thing is that something similar to this book can happen in the future which isn't very comforting
"Classic novel addresses futurist society where people are cloned and then grouped by cloning schedule.  Interesting development when ""uncloned"" person is introduced into society.  Great discussion starter about societal issues such as castes or hierarchies,  open societies and the dictation of morals and standards by government."
"Brave New World is a interesting take on the world in the future and how we interact with each other and do or react to things. I read this and, 1984 by George Orwell, a couple of months ago.  In my mind they have jumbled together and I am not sure what scenes come from which book.  I believe after reading other reviews that I do remember the main characters.  One character a man who questions the way people live and the fact they can not question why.  The other character is a woman who the man is attracted to (sorry I don’t remember their names).  The woman is attracted to him as well but just in the way that is normal for society, meaning people are very promiscuous. I have to say that this is another classic that I just wasn’t a big fan of.  I liked it a little better than The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald, which if you read my review for does not take much to be better than. If you are a fan of 1984, or Fahrenheit 451, you will probably enjoy as for me I am still in search of a classic that sticks with me and doesn’t make me bored."
I didn't read this. My son did.
"Very hard to believe that this was written in 1932.  He missed the Internet, but only WIlliam Gibson really saw that coming.  But the rest is so perfect for 2015.  The long dialog about morals and free will in the second part may turn off some readers, but that sort of makes Huxley's point.  This was much better than I remembered.  Would the people on earth today take this deal?  The Matrix mined the same territory decades later."
"A perfectly scary book. I usually read before I sleep, and this book caused all kinds of crazy and freaky dreams. His predictions about a world that is drugged on comfort and happiness is a little too close to reality today. Here are a couple of my favorite quotes from the book:""Ford himself did a great deal to shift the emphasis from truth and beauty to comfort and happiness. Mass production demanded the shift. Universal happiness keeps the wheels steadily turning; truth and beauty can't. And, of course, whenever the masses seized political power, then it was happiness rather than truth and beauty that mattered.""---------------""We are not our own any more than what we possess is our own. We did not make ourselves, we cannot be supreme over ourselves. We are not our own masters. We are God's property. Is it not our happiness thus to view the matter? Is it any happiness or any comfort, to consider that we are our own? It may be thought so by the young and prosperous. These may think it a great thing to have everything, as they suppose, their own way - to depend on no one - to have to think of nothing out of sight, to be without the irksomeness of continual prayer, continual reference of what they do to the will of another. But as time goes on, they, as all men, will find that independence was not made for man - it is an unnatural state - will do for awhile, but will not carry us on safely to the end..."" - Cardinal Newman quoted in the book----------------""'But all the same,' insisted Savage, 'it is natural to believe in God when you're alone - quite alone, in the night, thinking, about death...'""----------------""If you allowed yourselves to think of God, you wouldn't allow yourselves to be degraded by pleasant vices. You'd have a reason for bearing things patiently, for doing things with courage.""----------------Savage: ""But I like the inconveniences.""Mustapha: ""We don't. We prefer to do things comfortably.""Savage: ""But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin.""Mustapha: ""In fact, you're claiming the right to be unhappy.""-----------------""A man can smile and smile and be a villain.""-----------------""You can't consume much if you sit still and read books."""
"It was an interesting book, however, I would not recommend it for students under the 10th grade"
"2.5 Ending aside, I. Glad that I finally read this classic. I shudder to think what the author would make of the state of the world now, considering this was written in the '30's. I must admit I feel like I'm missing something since everyone seems to love and I too me two attempts to finish it, and I'm not blown away."
"what more can you say about a classic, great book"
"Arrived quickly and in specified condition. Very good book, dealing with the philosophical quandaries of technology, human interaction equality and homogeneity."
Great!
Excellent book
Excellent book and the forward is informative.
"Unnecessarily / weirdly sexual. I get the point he's trying to make, but I didn't like reading about tons of kids having sex all the time. weirdddddd .. just not for me I guess. Sorry Huxley."
We read this my Junior year of high school and it really made me think.  Its a story of a utopian society where people actually have no choice in what happened in their life.  This book really makes you think and leads to some great discussions. It has more adult material than anything else we read in high school. Great read!
"'Brave New World' is in many ways the counterpoint to George Orwell's '1984' both are classic showcases of dystopian futures and the political and social reasons behind them, but while one rules by fear, the society of Brave New World rules by giving the masses pleasure.The characters in Brave New World are obsessed with sex, sports, and the mass consumption of goods. Everyone is expected to do everything they could want and never be alone, and it works because they have the technology levels to sustain it. The best parts of Brave New World are the descriptions of how the society came to be, and what everyone does now that a utopia has been achieved.Now the book does have some issues. The main one is the characters. While the people who believe in the system are fascinating to read, two of the 'rebels' swing to hard to the opposite of society, saying that everyone needs to be angsty. This makes them extremely frustrating to read. And the other is the sci-fi elements. Now don't get me wrong, I love the descriptions of how society works in this story, and the scifi is part of that. But part of what gave 1984 it's bite is that it felt like the dystopia there could very well happen to us. Here, the technology is so far above what we are capable of today that you know it can't.Overall, any fan of Orwell, Vonnegut, or Heller should read this book."
"Fantastic. I read this classic dystopian for the first time this past summer, and I was blown away by how much I loved it. The prose is of the quality rarely seen anymore and heavy with meaning. It's not a happy read, but it's not supposed to be. Everybody needs to read this book and pay attention to the warnings in the story."
"Great, thought provoking book."
a hard read but a great story
Creepy stuff
It was a literary revolution when it was published. Nowadays what was new is commonplace but the writing keeps being brilliant.
One of the worse books I've ever bought. I wouldn't recommend it even as entertainment. A total waste.
Classic. Much love. Many nightmares!
"I didn't care for this book at first.  About 1/2 way through I began to enjoy and get into the story.  Now, more than 3/4 of the way through I kind of don't want it to end."
My daughter loved this book
"Dense, but interesting. Fun to see how prescient the author was on some things, but missed so badly on others, such as global pollution. I can see, however, why this book has become so iconic over the years. We do seem to be steadily towards a ""Brave New World,"" don't we?"
"I had been so excited to read this because of it's classic dystpoian influence. It bored me for a week or so of slow reading until one night I just stayed up to finish it so I could be done with it and move on with my life.Orwell's 1984 has Huxley beat in this category. Brave New World preceded 1984 so it may come off as more original, but I like to think that Orwell had a more refined take on this topic. Both have different messages, but 1984 was more entertaining and captivating."
Amazon had a great deal so we added these to our library.
"It seems like everyone read this in high school.  I know I did.  And since I hated everything I was forced to read in high school (with the exception of The Raven, The Hobbit, and this book) simply because anything is drudgery when you're forced to shred it with overanalysis, I thought it only fair to try reading some of the books again.  This time, knowing I could just enjoy reading without having to jump through hoops for some standardized test afterward, I really enjoyed it.  I found it downright terrifying (as I did 1984), but that's because I see how a lot of what Huxley wrote as fiction has become all too real."
"Having recently studied the history of lean manufacturing & Ford, I read this in an entirely different light. Although, I really didn't like the character of ""the savage""."
I loved Brave New World.  This is my second copy!
Brave new world is not far off in predicting our society today. With our liberal opinions of sex and use of drugs to enhance our enjoyment of our lives.
great enjoyed it immensely reading
"The book doesn't look same as the picture shown. It is fully damaged. Moreover, it's an thrift book!!"
My daughter ddi not liked it.
"I read Brave New Worlds many years ago and after seeing our world today, decided to reread it.  It's scary how like that our world seems to be headed today.  Very possible and very sad."
Fantastic classic
This novel certainly earns its classic moniker. It's hard to believe something this forward-looking was written in the 1930s. Huxley's future is well-crafted and frightening.
Excellent
"Tedious, old, slow.  Did not have any interest in any of the characters or even the ""end"" of the story. Did not enjoy the writing style of this particular work."
Required reading for the high school student.
"This book is much better than George Orwell's 1984, on the criterion of fears for our future society."
great
Good
Continues to be my favorite novel.
Wonderful book. Loved reading it and it arrived in perfect condition and very quickly. Thanks!
"While I've read the book numerous times, the audiobook is a wonderful addition to any home library."
Way too much writing and underling in this book.  Not sure this will be accepted as school reading.  Very disappointed.
"A classic, and a fascinating read"
"Definitely a classic dystopian novel.  Fascinating and disturbing, a well done condemnation of the PC Marxist culture."
classic
"Pretty good book and a very easy read.  For those that want to read a classic, this is an easy read and not very long."
It was good it was required for class.
"Even though this is a classic, I could not get interested.  Science fiction is not my favorite read.  Still struggling to finish."
"This book, do not have page numbers!"
Great example of the seductive power of dystopian leisure
"In Brave New World Aldous Huxley creates a futuristic dystopian world in which stability and happiness replace the uncertainty of our present world. The story is set in the department of Hatcheries and Conditioning. Bernard Marx, an Alpha plus male, questions the system and goes to New Mexico where people live outside the “civilization” of the society. He is accompanied by a young woman, Lenina, who likes the simplistic world she lives in and is horrified by the crude life she sees and says that she wants her soma (a feel-good product). They return to their world with two people they meet there, Linda and her son, John, who becomes known as the “Savage.”  The story climaxes with a philosophical discussion between John and Mustapha Mond, a Controller or leader.  John uses God and Shakespeare to argue for a free society. Mond replies that his society choose “machinery, scientific medicine and universal happiness “over God and a problem-filled life. John replies, “I don’t want comfort. I want real freedom. I want goodness. I want sin.” The controller replies, “in fact you are claiming the right to be unhappy.”  The story proceeds to an ending that shows that it is impossible to challenge the status quo.The book includes several appendices including a biography of Huxley and a letter he wrote to George Orwell, author of 1984.  I recommend this book highly, both because of its creation of a world that may be realized, at least to some extent, in the future and because it has been banned in many places. Banned books are especially important to read because they contain ideas that some people think are dangerous."
"One of the worst books that I have read. I am a huge fan of dystopian novels so I decided to listen to all of the hype and read this book that has been long revered as a classic in this genre. The first chapter or so was fine, but the book quickly became an incomprehensible mess. Starting in the third chapter, the book jumps all over the place--from one speaker to the next--with no rhyme or reason. I just had to stop reading after this point because it became too difficult to follow. Not to mention, this book has very disturbing sexual content--namely, small children having physical relations with one another. Long story short, do not read this book. It is not what you think."
Seems a bit dated and strange where 1984 did not very much.  The dialogue and characters aren't as good either.Meaning to try Farenheit 451 next.
Aldous Huxley's greatest novel critiquing modern civilisation. This is a must read for any Science Fiction or dystopian/utopian future novel fans.
It's a wild ride
"Brave New World by Englishman Aldous Huxley is a science fiction concept novel published in 1932. In Huxley's future world, the people of today are portrayed as savages and modern people are controlled by groupthink and a designer drug--soma. In the novel the people of today feel love, believe in God and pray. Base savages!The novel has taken on a life of its own and is often read in high school and college classrooms. Many rock bands have created songs about it. But does that alone make it a classic?“Brave New World”  Reagan Youth""Hug Me""  Meg & Dia""I Don't Know How to Love Him"" Jesus Christ Superstar“The Future”  Prince""I Have Seen The Future""  The Bravery""I Hate You, Then I Love You""  Celine Dion & Luciano Pavarotti""Imagine""  John Lennon""Last Resort""  Papa Roach""Let Down""  Radiohead""She's So High""  Tal Bachman""Short People""  Randy Newman""Soma""  The StrokesThe novel is thin in a few areas. Huxley has stepped on the trap that clamps on many a leg of sci-fi writers. He was unable to fully imagine a world 600 years (only 500 now) in the future with his descriptions. The most glaring example is the mode of transportation for the denizens of the future. Rocketships? Hovercrafts? Vacuum tubes? Try helicopters.In the 1920s and 1930s is when commercial helicopters took flight. Brave New World was published in 1932. This is 100 years after the visionary authors in Mesaerion: The Best Science Fiction Stories 1800-1849 imagined travel to the moon and flight on the tails of comets.Huxley hit close to the mark, however, on a number of his other visions. A detached sexual revolution would come 30 years later in the 1960s. Today, designer drugs are prevalent. Soma for all my little friends! Brave New World is one of the first novels to glorify tailored drugs and it was kept afloat in popular culture by Tim O'Leary and Ken Kesey in the drug fueled culture of the 1960s. Even on his deathbed Huxley asked his wife for LSD, which administered.What has made Brave New World stand the test of time is the concept more than the execution. There is one on thing in the novel that makes it great. There are no enduring characters such as a Jay Gatsby or Holden Caufield or Randle McMurphy. The descriptions and writing style are good, but lacking in some ways as pointed out above. The concept is what holds the other middling elements together. And because of it the novel should be read in the context of a classic, though a minor one.#BraveNewWorld #BraveNewWorldReview"
"In Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, the people live in a futuristic world in London in AD 2540. Babies are conceived through test tubes and chosen to be in different groups in the caste system. These 5 castes consisted of Deltas, Alphas, Betas, Epsilons, and Gammas. Each group was designed for different jobs and have different intelligence levels. Sex is viewed as a social activity and isn’t encouraged for reproduction. This society doesn’t have marriages, parents, natural birth, or parenthood. Everything they do is for the World State society. The main character, John or “The Savage,” grew up outside the World State and has trouble fitting in. Another main character, Bernard Marx, also fails to fit in because of his physical stature. They all want to be able to fit in their determined groups. Brave New World explores many of the negatives of a world that seems successful with everyone content and satisfied. I think Brave New World is a good book that should definitely be read. It shows us explicitly why a society like this won’t work and should be a warning for us if we start to see these patterns of a dystopian society. The people have this artificial happiness because they sacrifice their freedom. Will the people continue to try and fit into society or will one rebel change the entire society and fight to make a difference?"
"I just read this book for the second time in a year.  I enjoyed it the first time, but understood and appreciated it better on the second reading.  There are many things that have happened since Huxley's time that he predicted.  Many of the practices in the book are appalling, like the elimination of the family and breeding different types of people for different jobs.  Also, the brainwashing by playing tapes repeatedly while the growing children were growing was reprehensible.  However, in retrospect there are certain aspects of that ""brave new world"" that were appealing - the elimination of illness and old age.  Also, some people would appreciate being able to take a ""soma"" holiday if they were feeling blue.  It was very interesting how these futuristic people viewed the ""savage"" who was more like many of us today."
"The book came in mostly great condition except that the cover was bent in three different places. Also the picture was misleading because he cover and size were different, but it didn't upset me. Other than that the book was great."
Expected more. Too slow for me
"Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World is a frightening dystopian vision. It is based on the Frankenstein myth – that we can create a better human and in doing so, create a better society for all. Victor Frankenstein may have been an idealist, but the ideologies that drive the scientific improvement of humanity in Brave New World are anything but – coldly utilitarian, brutally manipulative, cynically rationalised.Huxley’s novel does not share 1984’s violence and cruelty, but is even more sinister and horrific. The creation of a strictly stratified society, with those in the upper classes richly rewarded and privileged, those at the bottom enslaved sub-humans, echoes the totalitarian ideologies of the last century, or modern day cults.  In Brave New World everyone is happy with this arrangement. Everyone is brainwashed from birth into embracing the status quo and their own place in it. As characters mouth the platitudes they have been brainwashed with we see that their own thoughts are reflections of their conditioning – these people are hardly individuals at all. Society is geared towards production and consumption and thereby, happiness is a given.Sounds familiar, doesn’t it – the idea that buying new stuff makes you happy, and there is of course nothing more important than one’s own happiness. As a satire, Huxley’s novel is more pertinent than ever. Everyone is connected, social, interactive. Everyone is conformist – no one, apart from a few malcontents, ever thinks for themselves. The highest goal of society is individual satisfaction. A great saviour, Ford, has shown people how to live, via his acolytes who have chosen to interpret his ideas the one, true, correct way, and these must be blindly obeyed.  Contempt for history and the human past, except for the period leading to the present utopia. Get stoned regularly. Have lots of mindless sex. Relentless dumbing-down of language and therefore, of human experience.Brave New World is one of those books that you simply must read. Utterly chilling."
"Surprisingly good classic sci-fi.  A utopian future that is actually dystopian social engineering taken to its extreme end in which all members of society must serve society and being alone or desiring solitude is one of the worst crimes imaginable.  The book follows a few dissidents through their journey from initial realization of how insane the entire situation is, through exposure, censure, and the final disposition of utopian malcontents.  Very thought-provoking, if a bit predictable.  Overall, an enjoyable read."
"A classic, the pinnacle of dystopian fiction!"
"I am fascinated by dystopian novels.  I feel as though they cause me to wrestle with moral issues of evolving technology, science, and the true nature of liberty, society, and government.  I also love classic literature.  Mr. Huxley wrote a masterpiece which envelopes both a truly great dystopian novel and a character who speaks with the words of Shakespeare.  It is also a snapshot in time, as Mr. Huxley attempts to describe a future from the time between the two World Wars.  This is my favorite dystopian novel."
Aldous is a genius!!
"I am kicking myself for not reading this sooner. I would classify this as truly a work of science fiction that is truly important to our society, to inform as well as warn what the consequences of modern science and consumerism may come to pass. I would recommend reading in tandem with ""1984"" by George Orwell."
"I think this book is amazing because of how it eerily predicted some things that have since happened in our society. One simple example is the use of soma, a drug that people living in the first world use in the novel. In the fifties in America, scientists developed a muscle relaxant called Soma, during an era in which we believed there would be better living through science. Eerily (but not unexpectedly, at least in retrospect), Soma has begun to be abused in our culture, along with other similar drugs. While soma in the novel was never expected to be a painkiller, it was definitely synthetic and pushed on the people to keep them relaxed, and uninterested in real issues that were surrounding them. It was definitely an interesting read, worth the price."
I knew nothing about the author before I read this book.  I knew only his name and the title of this book.  Our world is conceivably headed for this future. What a true visionary.
Sometimes hard to follow but overall an eye opening amazing book. It was a glimpse into the possibilities of a scientifically advanced future as well as a glimpse into the past of Huxley as his views and beliefs and experiences influenced it.
"Wow, it is hard to get through the first couple of chapters but the story really draws a reader in until the you forget how dry it is. If you have ever read any other book by a British author you know that the English stuffy can make their writings a bit dull and dry. But breath and bear with it. It gets better."
Aldous Huxley is always a good read. In today's society this book describing a genetically engineered diatopian society is well worth a read or re-read.
Amazing how a book so old could be so up to date. I can see things going this way.
A classic. No need for more words.
good item
Was somewhat difficult first 3 chapters for me to keep up with but in the end it turned out to be a pretty good read!!  Not my normal genre of reading but was good book.
"Brave New World hits on many thought provoking chords, focusing on individuality, difference between cultures, and asking just what is happiness? Can you have happiness without negative feelings, and is it really wroth it? This literature is mind-provoking and will have you thinking about sacrifice and what exactly is a good sacrifice for happiness.The only reason I give this four stars is because I personally felt that the culture of the 'civilized' world was not as developed as it could have been. Brave New World is a book everyone should read, with an open mind, ready to learn new lessons, and reinforce old."
"Brilliant. A world in which we genetically manipulate the populace in order to do certain tasks without inquiry. People are fully placed in their societal role before they're even born. Sex is trivialized, everything exists for pleasure and production to further the race. The ending was a little weird. It felt like the book came to its conclusion about twenty pages before Aldous actually ended it, as nothing conveyed in those final pages really said something new. It felt more like it was there for shock value.The writing can also be choppy and difficult to get through. While he has brilliant thoughts he's conveying, he doesn't always convey them smoothly. Sometimes he can also hit you over the head with concepts, but usually he's good about pulling back a little and just displaying the evidence."
As expected dystopian
Amazing book.  The ending was melancholy but perfect way to end a novel.
A classic future dystopia novel. A sort of companion piece to Farenheight 451. Must read for sci fi fans.
"Future dystopia with morale collapse science idolized back-to-back with ""savages"". Personal favorite of fiction"
"I recently went through a dystopian novel phase and had that ""How am I just reading this now? I've been missing out!"" much like I did when I read 1984.This is an excellent book that everyone needs to read. I read it on kindle and the formatting was perfect."
"Curious, that it's probably the latter half of Aldous Huxley's Brave New World that gives the book such intellectual immortality and literary distinction.  At least the first third, in fact, struck me as being disjointed, random, and almost reckless and willynilly in what, at the onset, seems almost pointless in its contrived weirdness.While at first struggling to make it through to the real meat and potatoes of Huxley's magnum opus, I was even reminded of having once known an extremely frustrated friend from a previous job, who was a college student at the time, who was being forced (okay, ""assigned"" - your word for societal conditioning here, as you please, of course) to read Brave New World, and with the turn of almost every page, while slogging methodically  through every colorful (though usually bizarre) catchphrase that the author uses to more fully illustrate his version of a totally pacifistic, impotent and pacified (drugged, stoned, rendered mute AND moot) futuristic human populace, the odd recollection of my tortured young student friend just kept coming back to me, time and time again.""Viviparous.""  My young friend kept repeating whenever possible, at work.  ""Do you know what it means?""  His instructor was MAKING him read the damn book, he lamented, and just getting through the first few chapters was giving him something suspiciously close to a nervous breakdown.  And I must confess, at the time, I was quite mystified, not so much by the word ""viviparous"" itself (because like all avid readers, I positively love to learn new vocabulary), but the fact that his assigned reading was vexing his struggling, scholastic mind with such profound, torturous ardor.I'd seen the first telefilm adaptation of BNW as a kid, of course, but simply had no true sense of the depths of my friend's affliction with having to wrap his bewildered mind around the dystopian world of Huxley's imagining, until years later, when I undertook my own journey into the untamed, almost flighty wilderness of the hallucinogenic laced dream-scape presented in the book.Thankfully, however, I soon found, that if you stick with it, that perplexing Brave New World starts to gradually make a great deal more sense - despite all its artful senselessness and carefully contrived absurdity, that is.  But the author never fails to do what all the best writers throughout history have always done.  They make you THINK, while (in Huxley's case, anyway) still confounding you with their own seeming inability to practice what they so eloquently preach.So... Brave New World's about the danger that society will one day become so hyper controlled, overly parented (via excessive government interference - thereby making parenthood obsolete and even obscene), sterile, docile and impotent, that humanity cannot help but be reduced to a herd of genetically engineered, assembly line produced cattle.  And the author was himself an avowed pacifist.  Not that there's anything wrong with THAT, of course.  And given that Huxley's highly ordered future certainly isn't what you'd call warlike, he's at least consistent in that regard.  But in one other important respect, the contrast between his fiction and his reality seems positively schizophrenic.Take soma, for example (but for goodness sake, hopefully not literally), Huxley's cure all super-drug of the perpetually stoned masses of the ""happy"" future.  The author's got you convinced that its all a bad, bad, bad idea for mankind, until... you read that the dude was into psychedelic substances himself!  Like... WHAT?  That's almost like Charles Manson brainwashing a few handpicked followers to commit random murders in the hopes of inciting a race war, simply because he believes its gonna eventually happen anyway!  And Huxley really does give us the blueprint for a truly dystopian future does he not?Helter Skelter!  But Charles Manson wasn't even born when Huxley was writing the book, and ""race"" certainly doesn't seem to be a problem any longer in his Brave New World of the far flung future.  But classicism?  Oh, yes.  Oh, yes, indeed.So then... which Aldous Huxley are we to ultimately put our faith in?  The one who so eloquently tells it like it really is (or rather, the way it could be, if we're not extra careful) within the pages of his most highly touted masterpiece, or the guy who took his own share of mind altering substances, and during his own lifetime, did more than most, to lay out the Marxist-esque prototype of the hippie commune, free loving, drugged up 1960s carefree lifestyle, several decades before it got to be counterculture cool?But let's keep in mind, shall we, that both Huxley and the hippie movement died in the sixties.  The author died quite literally on November 22, 1963, of advanced laryngeal cancer, with his passing being aided by a couple doses of ""LSD, 100 µg, intramuscular,"" helpfully administered by his wife.  The counterculture movement of course went on well into the early seventies, but many scholars argue that its real death knell was sounded on the night of August 8-9, 1969, when Charles Manson's ""family"" murdered eight month pregnant actress Sharon Tate, her friend and former lover Jay Sebring, and three unfortunate others.  Two more murders were committed the following night, and whether the free love loving, ""soma"" sucking hippies yet knew it or not, the Brave New World would soon be essentially over.What a magnificent head trip this Brave New World of Aldous Huxley's far flung, far out,  dream-questing, melodramatic, prophetic future!  What a delightful mental brain-freeze for soma laced ice cream lovers of all generations, past, present, and still, perhaps most frighteningly, yet to come!  For let us not forget that so very much of what makes this masterfully told masterwork so fearfully effective, is that so much of it has already, and still continues to cyclically come to pass, in one way or another.  So, color me ""the savage,"" I suppose.  I'll take my Shakespeare and good old fashioned reality injected pain to my earthly grave, thank you very much.  So like this review, lump it, or leave it, as you wish, I suppose.  And by all means, have my share of soma if you so choose.  While ""modern"" society still affords you the luxury of free will, that is.  Like the poor savage, I don't really need your permission or approval either."
Made me question and refine the intrinsic view I held of an ideal world.
I read it in high school but barely paid attention to it. Now I read again in College and I really love it and it made me think of how it relates to today's world a lot.
Some books are almost prophetic. Do the authors predict or direct the future. It is a good read.
Good book!
Relevant to our society today! Exceptionally well written! Very thought provoking about how we accept and live within our current culture. Hard to believe it was written so long ago.
This was a great book!  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a older take on where the future was taking us.  Some of it still holds true and is scarily relevant.  All in all it was interesting and fun to read.
"How to book for modern society. A warning we can hardly avoid right in front of us,."
"Not so brave. The society finally wants what it had looking for but with the greatest of the costs: free thinking, free fellings, freedom itself. Utopian world? I'm not so sure ..."
Loved it
Excellent book.
Has been some time since I had read this. So this is a revisit. Audio version. Well narrated.
Classic- re-reading it!
"A reread of a book that I was compelled to read in collage 50 years ago and now a better understanding, seeing the author's insight of today's world."
More prescient than 1984.
"Felt guilty all these years for never having read, what was REQUIRED reading in school. Glad I did, but I know this took some resolve that was not in me in school. Not required, I was able to journey through that brave New world and can appreciate the brilliance. Check another item off the bucket list."
Great  a must read
"The standard for dystopian novels and a fine work of satire, not recommended for young children do to it's explicit content."
"I read this book many years ago, and did not fully appreciate it then. It has been years since I read the book, and suddenly it has taken over a whole new meaning, In the introduction to the book, the reviewers compared ""Brave New World"" with ""1984"", and postulated which of these two has been more prescient.I would say both, equally, and in good measure. With Google, Facebook, Amazon etc becoming more and more adept at garnering data about us, ""1984"" is definitely upon us.Yet, with the shiny malls, the plastic-slick soul that we all are confronted with, so is ""Brave New World"".The book is written in a sort of limp manner, deliberately, I feel, and this tends to heighten the effect of a world that is 'perfectly' ordered. Strangely, the caste system makes itself felt.Human equality is just a myth."
Not into the science fiction thing.
"Aldous Huxley does an amazing job on this Dystopia, but watch out because at first glance it might seem like a utopia, I really enjoyed this book. It was extremely low priced as well. I love great books on a budget."
Excellent
How is it A.H and Eric Blair were able to see the future?
I had to read this novel in my English Composition 2 course. It was an interesting classic.
this is probably my favorite book of all time.
This was a fascinating read.
Awesome!
The cover that came in the mail was not the cover pictures and the text format and size sucks.
"Brave New World is quite a classic. It’s a dystopian novel written by Aldous Huxley that revolves around a futuristic world that combines science and pleasure from different societies. The setting starts off in London in the year AD 2540 where the main form of conception is achieved by test tube babies. This resulted in a caste system that was designed for people to carry out specific works. From birth, people are genetically designed to fit into one of five castes that consist of Deltas, Alphas, Betas, Epsilons, and Gammas. Recreational sex is a major part of the World State society. According to the World State, sex is a social activity rather than being encouraged for reproduction. This sexual method is encouraged from early childhood. Marriage, natural birth, parenthood, and pregnancy are considered too inappropriate to be mentioned in casual conversation. Therefore, society has developed a totally different idea of relationships, lifestyle and reproduction. The book starts out with the character John “The Savage” who grew up outside of the world state, yet he finds it very difficult to fit in within the world state society. We also meet another character by the name of Bernard Marx. He is an alpha male who fails to fit in because of his physical stature. He holds unorthodox beliefs about sexual relationships, sports, and also community events. Lastly, we have Lenina. She is an object of desire for a number of major and minor characters, including Bernard Marx and John. Her behavior is sometimes unorthodox, which makes her attractive to the reader. For example, she was dating Bernard exclusively for several months while also having a violent attraction to John “The Savage”. The way she relates to people best is through sex, and she cannot share Bernard’s disloyalty to the government or comprehend John’s values which are different than the typical world state values. I enjoyed this book a lot and I would recommend it to anyone that is looking for something to take their mind off of a normal society. This book will have you constantly thinking about what happens next and you will never want to put it down!"
"In a futuristic society, after a destructive war during the 26th century, based on pleasure without moral outcomes and a combination of science, Brave New World, written by Aldous Huxley, revolves around the idea of totalitarianism and a feudalistic society. For example in this New World, independent art is abolished and pure science is discouraged; all innovations serve only to increase consumerism and to satisfy simple desires. The central themes that govern this society are the principles of peace, stability, and order. In one of his greatest masterpieces, Huxley effectively conveyed his ideas of a dystopian society in such a brief amount of time and related the story of Brave New World to one of Shakespeare’s classic plays, The Tempest.In this world of Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas and the unfortunate Epsilons, children are no longer born (except for “the savages” or Indians outside civilization); they are produced and brainwashed by the government in every part of their lives. From being told that “everyone is everyone else’s” to being told about their privilege as a member of their particular caste, individuals undergo hypnopaedia or sleep teaching at an early age to condition them to fit into this manufactured society. In this predetermined caste system, intelligent individuals are best suited to the highest positions and serf-like beings are genetically programmed to carry out daily and menial tasks. There also exists drug-induced happiness, caused by a drug known as soma. At the core of this book is the horrific idea of eugenics and despite being written several decades ago, its message remains valid for our generation.Bernard Marx, one of the main characters of the story, originated in a world where everything from people to lifestyle has become a product of the government. He is that one individual who recognizes his conditioning and does not feel at ease in his unrealistic world. Yet he feels that he can do little about it, and instead he falls into line with the norms of life as it stands. For example, in one of my notable excerpts of the story in my opinion, Huxley attempted something related to an explanation of society’s rule towards the end of the novel, a beautiful and insightful discussion between the John “the Savage” and Mustalpha Mond, a World Controller. In the end, the attempt to throw off the idealism of the New World fell short, as Mond has concise answers to all of the Savage’s questions, and the Savage lacks the education and intellectual power to find reason behind his unexplained feelings.Brave New World explores the negatives of a seemingly successful world in which everyone appears to be content and satisfied, with excessive sexual pleasures yet really, this stability is only achieved by sacrificing freedom in its true sense and the idea of personal responsibility.I think this book is really interesting and fascinating as it explores the negative influence of technology and how the dangerous potentials can do to a whole world; Huxley is indeed trying to convey the idea that technology does not have the power to save us successfully. This book emits a dark and uncomfortable tone to the extent that the messages are profoundly inspiring and insightful of reality. In many ways its message is globally reaching out to make us question how we are conditioned by our world and how we turn life into a consumer’s market."
"Why is this one of my very favorite books of all time? I do not know. I just know it speaks about how a society can be completely and easily controlled. And it does not always need to be by the use of guns, goons and force ... But by giving stupid people everything they think they want and then just keep supplying them the drugs, sex and the empty entertainment where nothing meaningful or provocative is ever discussed. Are we almost there now? Maybe."
"Everyone should probably read it, but its no 1984.  Many of theideas that were ground-breaking when it was written are neither shocking nor very interesting now.  It has a similar dystopian theme to 1984, but is not as well done (although I've heard that it was once of the influencers for Orwell, this book predates 1984 by a lot).  That said, its still something you should read."
Arrived as expected.  It is the book needed.
"Loved the book, it had so much extra information too. The part after where the author talked about the book was great. Very inspiring and revealing"
A classic!
"I got confused at times because I felt there wasn't coherence to the story line but all in all I felt the story very much represents the present,even though the book was written before this century. I would recommend this book for psychologists or sociologists for their investigations for social aspects in society. Even for students who are studying in this area as a means for their analysis of society in a whole."
"Great read, very thought-provoking."
"This book was ahead of it's time. The themes are more relevant today than ever.  A society enslaved by drug induced pseudo-happiness, and the easy comfort provided by modern luxuries.  A culture whose art forms no longer seek truth, but only provide mind numbing entertainment.  A world of people who have been conditioned to forget the importance of their individuality and the freedom inherent to it.  Lives lived without the self affirming bonds of family and love.  Are we not standing on the precipice of Huxley's Brave New World already?  If these ideas strike a chord with you then read this book."
Great book
"Brave New World is an excellent book. Unlike many other books with similar philosophy, Brave New World, is very easy to understand and enjoy. Aldous Huxley manages to be clear and philosophical without making it hard to read. This book not only opens our eyes to the reality of a utopian society but also warns us about it.As for the plot, Brave New World is a representation of a utopian society in which arts and science are discouraged and all innovations are discouraged as well. In this novel people are always happy, as they are programmed to like all aspects of society. The programming is undertaken by workers of the government in charge of breeding future societies. Individuals are programmed to like their jobs and to never wish to do something else. There’s two high groups of breeding classes, the 'Alpha' and 'Beta' and they are allowed to develop naturally but are given stimulants for controlling purposes."
"Brave New World is a book set in the future based on pleasure. The book explores the downside of a ""successful"" and ""perfect"" world in which everyone seems to be happy and satisfied but really, this strength is only achieved by sacrificing freedom and the idea of personal responsibility.The main character, Bernard, is an alpha who is much smaller than the other alphas. His small body has given him a lesser stance. Because of this, he feels like an outsider to World State society. He is more self-conscious and more of an individual than other citizens of the world state. This allows Bernard to recognize and criticize the flaws of the World State.I think this book is really interesting as it sees the dangers of technology and what it can do to a whole world. this is what makes the novel confusing and relateable."
"Brave New World is an excellent book so far and seems to be becoming more relevant all the time in our world today. The author writes the book very clearly making it easy to read. Brave New World is a utopia world where everyone is always content, as they are well provided for and have been programmed to like their society in all respects. This programming is undertaken by workers in charge of breeding the future citizens in this type of world. The main characters in this book are named John and Linda. Everyone in this world is constantly content with whatever is taking place and they have no wish to do anything other than what is required of them. If they do happen to become depressed for some reason there is a drug that they call soma. This drug makes them feel good and takes them out of any misery or depression that they might have. Brave New World is a book that inspires a lot of thinking about our lives on this earth today."
"Imagine a world where all traditional values were all done away with and industry and innovation have taken its place. No longer will people have to worry about the burden of family. No longer will people have to worry about standing out in the crowd.     A Brave New World, written by Aldous Huxley, is a dystopian novel that gives us a glimpse of this futuristic world. All people in this society are mass produced in a factory, systematically grown, and then placed into their predetermined place in society. In this world , there are five classes which tell how intelligent its people are and how much physical labor they must do. There classes are as follows: Alphas Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons.      Along the way we meet a man, John, and his mother, Linda. John grew up betwen two societies because he was rejected by both. Since he was born the traditional way, they were both banished to a Reservation. John travels to the World State, the place where the people are produced, and experiences the way they live. finally he begins his quest of stopping their abuse of harmful drugs and twisted way of life. Who knows if he's up to the task?"
"The Book Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, is a unique book centered around the development of technology. The setting is in the future, 632 AF or After Ford. It presents an alternate future to reality. It is a society intrigued and inspired by the works of Henry Ford. In the utopian society food and resources are plentiful and the environment and population is controlled with great detail. The society is supposed to be a utopia, aimed at pleasure and the satisfaction of the human race, but as we know, utopias cannot exist because there will always be things to deal with for people who have a sin nature. In the book we see a whole lot of self-pleasure. Everyone aims for pleasure because that is what the society as a whole aims for. A major factor in pleasure for the society is sex. We see and can make some connections to this in todays society because it seems that our society as well idolizes sex. In the book they have a drug for sex called Soma. Soma makes sex better and everyone takes it. In my personal opinion this book is very secular and shows how our society could become and is becoming all about self-pleasure. Today we can see how obsessed our society is with entertainment and pleasure. With today’s knowledge and technology it is easy to see how this change could take place. It puts things in perspective and makes Brave New World a somewhat scary and eye opening read. The book has many smart things that we should consider and take heed of and it also has many things that I think are put there to make us disgusted by them. I think Aldous Huxley was trying at some points to show readers that even with all the pleasure in the world there is no true satisfaction. We will always want more. Of course as Christians we can have true satisfaction through Jesus and Look forward to an eternity in heaven with Him."
"A classic dystopian novel, A Brave New World is worth the read for anyone with a love of dystopian fiction."
"First, ignore the new(ish?) drop down choices...This ranks right up there with Anthem, 50 Shades of Grey, and Lady Chatterly's Lover. You know, I seriously doubt the horse in Animal Farm would have pulled the weight of the rest of the farm animals, in a real-life scenario; but at least the story was intelligent and engaging. This one is repetitive, and, for the lack of a better characterization, just plain stupid.Sorry. I just don't know why it's popular."
"This is a classic.  If you have not read anything by Huxley, you need to.  It will open your eyes and make you think about what is going on right now.An incredible insight into the future by an author that wrote the book in 1932. I think this is one of the greatest books of the 20th century."
"Although occurring in a Dystopian reality, many similarities to our world present themselves all across. Aldous Huxley is a visionary."
Now I understand why this book is a classic. Excellent story with vivid imagery. One of my favorites. Arrived swiftly and in mint condition.
Lol
"It is a very good book if you like to get immersed into the plot and characters, but you will not find the same ""pure"" concepts that appear in other books--and I'm not saying that they don't appear, I'm saying that they are more intertwined with the reader's understanding of plot sequence."
It's frightening how much of Brave New World has become a reality in a little over eighty years.  Huxley thought it would take 500 years of concerted effort to destroy Western civilization.  Instead we are almost half way there with very little effort being expended.
Good read great condition
"Ahead of its time, Huxley's masterpiece carries the 'bread & circus' of the Roman Empire to a zenith. To those who are watching, we are ever closer to the reality of it."
"Great book, written for the post utopian genre. It is based on a world of genetically modified humans, test tubers. Everything is based on Ford’s idea of the assembly line so to say. Your position in society is based on how you’re created. Sounds complicated, but I don’t want to give details of the book. I would highly recommend this book, it is well written and stays interesting."
"I  enjoyed  the  novel  and  found  it to  be  very easy reading  Considering  it  was written  in  1932  the  author  certainly  had  considerable insight  into  society and  human nature  I  only  wish  I  could  get  my  hands  on  some  soma  Serously,  it  was  a  very  good  read  and  I  would  definately  recommend  this  novel"
Dystopia at its finest.
This is eye opening.
All paged fell out.
Great book. I highly recommend reading it as it is not long and a very important work.
I really enjoyed this book. Huxley's dystopian outlook is amazing. I think everyone should read this novel.
Great!
"Good launching point for pondering morality, happiness, religion, class, privilege, personal freedom, and even genetically modified organisms."
Its scary but enlightening.
"I enjoyed this, especially since I found out it was written in the 1930's and it's amazing how many things were invented/developed long after the book came out.  After reading this, I decided to go back and re-read ""1984"" (which I read in 1984) and realized how dark its depiction of the future was.  Good to compare the two."
Now I understand why it's a classic.
Just read it. Very prophetic. Scary.
"I read this book back in high school (given the subject matter, I have to wonder how many schools won't let this book be read as part of the curriculum), and still read it occasionally. There's no telling how many times I've read it but each time seems to bring some nuance that I'd overlooked previously. The mark of a truly great book is that it constantly surprises, no matter how many times you've read it. For that reason alone (though there are many others), I consider ""Brave New World"" to be one of my all-time favorites and a cornerstone of modern literature."
"Still an amazingly prescient novel.  How can one read ""Everybody belongs to everybody else!,"" and not think of the present state of our own country?  Now, if only we had soma."
"Friends, I'll spare you yet another summary and instead get right to it.In many ways, Huxley’s Brave New World is now upon us. For example:Men without chests; wombs without fruit; laboratory babies; ""compassionate"" killing; all entertainment, all the time; all sex, all the time; sexualized children; plugged-in 24/7; screens everywhere; silence intolerable; indifference to the highest things; debasement of all things glorious and elevation of all things subterranean; mass permanent adolescence; mass shamelessness; modesty dismissed as prudery; humans as technological objects, experimented upon and described as ""wired,"" etc.; everybody drugged; bovine self-branded (tattooed) herds of counterfeit individuals; roses bred without scent; unhappiness pathologized as ""depression""; religion relativized and cheapened as mere ""spirituality""; broken families called ""dysfunctional,"" not sinful; countless solitaries everywhere; the myth of progress universally embraced; chronological snobbery at every turn; delusions of man as perfectible and sufficient unto himself; plastic faces; plastic souls; life itself consumerized in sacrifice to the neopagan idol Liberty on the bloody Altar of Choice and Convenience; Mustapha Mond not once, but twice elected President....This brave new world is a steamroller; its business is the mass production of flat souls. Are you conformed to it? Are you processed? If you still care, do what must be done to resist the processing. Start simply: turn off the television. Embrace silence, or only the heights of music. Spurn those pitiful gods of neopagan emptiness: celebrities. Watch. And pray. Or be another dead soul whose truncated horizons are limited to lawn care, football, the nightly television lineup, celebrity gossip....In short, drown in the shallows of today's philistine brutalism; become so immersed in it that with your last dying gasp you can only say, like the bewildered fish when informed of the medium of his existence, ""Water? WHAT water?!""Age, thou art shamed.*O shame, where is thy blush?**-Shakespeare, Julius Caesar,* Hamlet**"
A classic!
"Prophecy?I first read BNW in 1966 during spring of my college freshman year. I enjoyed the book and assumed it was merely imaginative science fiction. Perhaps Huxley was a visionary, a prophet, or just imaginative, but in any event, he was an outstanding writer.Government control of the mainstream media, socialized medicine, a vast, bloated, impersonal, socialist bureaucracy, ""community, identity, stability""... I wonder if we're approaching something like BNW, but there's nothing brave about a new world without liberty!I highly recommend this book!"
My husband purchased this book and has enjoyed reading it.
"I think I had my hopes up for this book, expecting it to be as good as 1984, but it just wasn't.  There were some interesting elements, specifically with regards to test-tube babies and personal entertainment systems, but I found the story to be single-dimensional and predictable.  We do live in an over-sexed culture, but I found the way that was portrayed in this novel to be silly.  (I still don't understand the over-application of the adjective 'pneumatic').  I have lot of kids and I found The Lego Movie to be substantially more insightful in terms of human nature and societal trends.  I read Lois Lowry's The Giver not long after I read this one, and I found it to be much, much better, though it was written for a younger audience."
Well written. Alex shares some interesting philosophies.
had to read this book for class but was pleasantly surprised to find that I actually liked this book a lot! Great perspectives and a classic
School required reading for grandson
Cool
A great book. Like-new condition. Punctually delivered.
Great book and in wonderful condition!
it was for class requirement
Excellent
"Yeah, fine."
"Insightful treatment of where our culture has gone!  We no longer look for its fulfillment but are living it in our ultra self-centered way.  We have become a "" a brave new world"" complete with soma, feelies, soma, and our every whim catered to."
A fascinating book
Very good book.
"While discussions about utopias and dystopias are not new, Brave New World takes them to a deeper level. With strong character portrayal, excellent prose, and the weaving of Shakespeare into the flow of the story, Huxley effectively asks the perennial question about our search for meaning and purpose. The sanitized, ""perfect"" Brave New World comes at a terrible price that only those who are truly ""awake"", spiritually speaking, fully realize. It takes an outsider, John ""the Savage"", to lay bare the soma-induced reality of this utopian world, which has stripped human beings of all ugliness and hardship at the expense of their fundamental core. Chapter 17, which features the discussion between John and World Controller Mond is particularly relevant in this regard. Brave New World is a powerful work that is a deep-thinking observer's warning, as well as a call to readers to question our materialistic progress at the expense of our souls. It is truly a classic that will remain relevant in the future, be it utopian or dystopian."
"I appreciate the thinking that ""the powers that be"" have taken to the notion of making people happy to do their part in the industrial/labor food chain. It is fun to read but definitely comes off from an elitist point of view. You only hear about how the top two (sub) classes are dealing with this Dystopia. It should definitely be required reading and along with ""1984"" it opened me up to reading science fiction. #Deltron3030"
"I haven't read it, I can only pass on the recipient's feedback (& no further details were provided to me)."
Poignant and engaging
Very important book for humanity.
This is a classic that will make you think.  What is the price of total security?  What makes us happy?  I think this book is a much more plausible future than that described in 1984.
A disturbing but interesting read - especially when you consider the similarities with the world today. Only wish it was longer!
This is another book I reread periodically.  It never gets stale.
Great Book!
One of my favorites. Book arrived in great condition and everything was as expected.
stupid story
"It was weird and creepy and a bit more sexual than I liked. I stopped reading the book early on, when they started talking about children having sex and playing with each others private parts."
It is a classic for a reason. Simply a great novel.
"Printing errors: chapters are incomplete, some are repeated throughout."
"‘Brave New World has us all questioning if this odd Dystopian world could soon become our future’Aldous Huxley’s novel Brave New World is set in the distant future, where the chronology is based on Henry Ford. Children are being created more or less artificial and adapted during the fetal stage of chemical agents to their place in this society. This caste society consists of four individual types, Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Epsilon. Individual types Alpha and Beta have the task of the high and mid positions in society, while Gamma, Delta and Epsilon will end up being workers without the ability to think for themselves.Brought into this society was an Alpha plus man named Bernard Marx who has the feeling he is anything but suited for this society. With him not necessarily fitting in, Bernard is unhappy and does not want to take his dose of soma drugs for the day. For he cares too much about his right to solitude even when he is widely regarded as an oddity. Rumors were coming and going throughout the society regarding that a mistake was made when Bernard was still in the bottle - thought he was a Gamma and put alcohol in his blood-surrogate.Wanting to go on a vacation, Bernard has as a psychologist give him permission to go to one of the few sanctuaries where ""savages"" are living with a girl named Lenina Crowne. returning back from his trip at the reservation Bernard brings back a woman named Linda and her son John. Linda was born in the ""civilized"" world but had been stranded in the reservation for many years now. While her son John was born in the reservation and longs to live in civilization because he feels he does not fit in with the rest of the reservation. When he finally gets to the civilized world, it is not at all how he imagined it to be. He was met by a major cultural difference where the civilization and the primitive world values were very different from each other.The characters that are presented in the book are both realistic and relatable. For example, Bernards feelings of not being what the society wants him to be. A lot of people in today's society struggle with the same things as Bernard. Our technology in the other hand might not be as evolved as theirs and we don’t necessarily have the same norms, but it doesn't matter when a person feels like they don’t belong or fit in, It’s the same feeling.The story is a real page turner. The view on life that is presented in this book is very interesting. It explores the dangers of technology and what it can do to the whole world. The morals in the book and the overall view on life goes against the many norms we have in our society today. For example, they do not believe in monogamy, no, The norms of this dystopian society is to meet with multiple different partners at the same time, and the names ""mother"" and ""father"" is simply seen as nothing other than obscene. During Bernard and Lenina’s vacation at the reservation they happened to see a women breastfeeding. Leninia described it to be an absolutely deplorable and disgusting observation to witness.Overall the science that is presented in this book is roughly categorized as fictitious. Sure, our society now a days might not be able to create children artificially, but someday in the future we have a greater chance of  having  an overall better knowledge and technology for it.I would very much so recommend the book to others. It really makes you question what is right or wrong when it comes to creating the “perfect society”. As well if we really need to limit our freedom to be happy and carefree. It's not a difficult read if you have at least readers varying from ages Fourteen and over, aside from the first complex chapter that can be a little bit difficult to understand. The plot, the characterization, and all the other literary elements are quite well executed. The content in the book is very interesting and can even portray a little bit of humor at times. By all means, you should really take the time to read it. This novel is a scary depiction of what could soon be our future and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it. Therefore we give this deranged Dystopian novel, Brave New World a four out of five.By: Therese Katona and Ebba Kärrholmen"
I am glad I ordered it under recommendation of someone else. Thank you!
Good
"Great book! It may not be as popular as 1984, but I believe it to be more accurate in today's society, highly recommend!"
"Honestly the weirdest book I have ever read, nothing like I was expecting it to be like"
"Is it better to be happy or to be free? Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is a dystopian novel published in 1932 that explores government control to create a ""perfect society."" The novel changes main characters three times, progressing from someone who fits into society to someone who doesn't fit in anywhere. Each new main character is more and more nonconformist; however, each also becomes more relatable. Through the eyes of John the Savage, we are able to see the horror of this society. This novel is a testament about the value of freedom, and how happiness often comes at too high a price. With Brave New World, Huxley introduced a new take on utopian novels never seen before, making Brave New World an enduring classic. Huxley does a fantastic job of making his characters dynamic, believable, and relatable. They move the plot along, make every chapter more interesting than the last, and lead the reader to a poignant conclusion. This book was prophetic about reproductive technology, sleep-learning, psychological manipulation, and classical conditioning that combine profoundly to change society. Despite being written a relatively long time ago, it is still very applicable to today's world. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys dystopian/utopian novels, science fiction, or conspiracy theories."
Thanks
"Just spark note the book, not worth the money. Passed the class with a B, without even trying in it…I'm in college"
"Horrible quality control. Seems to be a trend these days...a number of books I've purchased recently have suffered from inexcusable formatting and proofreading.This edition? My copy goes from page 90 right into page 123. When it reaches page 154, pages 123 to 154 are repeated all over again. Inexcusable. Maybe Epsilon minuses are running the Harper company? ;)"
"for school, its ok"
"Though this book is on many ""must read"" lists I did not care for it.  I read about 2/3 and put it down.  It was just too bizarre to hold my interest."
Love the book!!!
Absolutely love this book. Read it my freshman year in college & had to buy it so i can read it again.
"This was a really amazing story. I am a bit of a dystopian fan, but this went a bit deeper in identifying a a warning of sorts on where we could be heading in the future as a consumers in an industrial world with a never ending appetite for happiness.God is absent, people are no longer born, they are produced on assembly lines. Their caste is dictated and are constantly fueled with sex and drugs to be happy. From a young age, children are conditioned to not fear death. I canny help to reflect on some of the same ways that we fall into these types of ways to embrace bliss.At times the book is tough to follow due to the unique dialog mechanism, but still worth a read, especially if you want an experience in thinking through the grand question of better to be happy or free?"
Fascinating
"I read this book because I was desperate for something to read and it was a short book. I was hooked on it immediately. If you've read Animal Farm, 1984, or anything along those lines you'll love this book. It is a futuristic book about life and several characters' story. Don't worry, they're all connected. Without giving away the ending, it was stunning. It is a great read and astonishing to think it was written in 1932. I borrowed this book and after reading it, I had to purchase it. This is one I want in my personal library."
"Huxley paints a dystopia that ought to cause us great concern. I legitimately wonder what the average high schooler or college student thinks about this text, what they push back on, what they question, what, if any thing, do they want to avoid in terms of our futures, and how do they propose we do so."
"The world crafted was very interesting. The genetically engineered different classes of people, the systematic indoctrination of those classes. Unfortunately I though the main character was less than interesting. Its a decent read don't think it has the same power as 1984 which was the book the lead me to this. And I have no idea what a strumpet is."
"I would give it a 4 star rating but Huxley didn't finish the book (in my opinion), I love the concept of  4 different social environments brought together in this book."
"Aldous Huxley's cautionary tale of the price of contentment has been lauded as his prophetic masterpiece, unfortunately upon finishing ""Brave New World"" I found neither a masterpiece nor junk it was just an average book that didn't seem to have a clear story.Huxley constructs a blissful world in which no person has connections with anyone else and everyone has a place in society, on the surface the potential introduction of a nonconformist or an individual whose worldview is totally counter to Huxley's World State seems to be the perfect material for a story.  Unfortunately Huxley's narrative is rich on world building and societal construction, but not on plot or character development.  In fact after finishing the book, I still had not figured out what the central conflict was.While others might find great meaning in this book, I was left looking for something to hang an opinion on and could only find it with one word, meh."
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"As dystopian future novels go, this one speaks less to the heart and more to the intellect than 1984 or Handmaid's Tale. But some of the questions and concerns that Huxley has raised about our civilization are more relevant today than they were when the book was written. A very thought-provoking novel."
"I say it already has.Brave New World is a sobering look at an imagined future where generations of children are indoctrinated from birth to conform to strict social strata. Mandatory education focuses on stamping out undesirable characteristics with negative conditioning. Monogamy-based pair bonding and the nuclear family structure are openly mocked and discouraged. Any aversion or feelings of melancholy towards the System are quickly corrected with a dose of mood-altering drugs.Sound familiar? Of course it does. The differences between Brave New World and modern America are trivial: genetic engineering and cloning isn't needed in reality, but does make for an interesting gimmick in this novel. The polygamous maxim of ""everyone belongs to everyone else"" is equivalent to modern America's feminist dogma; in both cases, the females are given total sexual freedom to copulate with the top percentile of males in their available social caste, whereas the majority of the males are denigrated for their inferiority and forced to support the System, even if it is against their best interests.Brave New World is proficiently written, poignant, and relevant. The characters, plot, and setting are interesting enough to get you through to the end, even if none of the concepts are new to you. Aldous Huxley proved to be shockingly prophetic for his time, right up there with George Orwell.This book is best if read by young adolescents, or perhaps an intelligent (but otherwise ignorant) friend. Gift it to them, and laugh at their worries about ""this becoming our future."" Tell them the real truth... if you dare."
"There is nothing about this book that isn't simply amazing.  Not too long, not too short.  Thorough explanation of economic and social tiers of a true dystopian civilization.  Also proved minor insight as to what led to their reconstruction of society and why it is and how they got to where they were.  Pure greatness."
This was a difficult read for me.
Engaging and well-written. I would have given  it 5 stars but the ending was abrupt  and confusing.
GREAT CLASSIC
"Though some parts of the book were a bit hard to follow, the book was interesting and held my attention."
Ridiculous size - not the size of a typical paperback novel.  More like coloring book size.  Takes a bit of the enjoyment of reading away.  Can't believe I actually have to check the size of a paperback book when I buy from Amazon.  Lesson learned.
Reread the book that I was required to read as a Freshman in college. It will really increase your vocabulary if you look up all the words you don't know. Makes you wander what the social engineers in our government are up to today.
"Wow, Huxley was a profit.  Here we are with our government pushing us to smoke and eat pot."
"The paperback we received was misprinted/bound. After page 26, pages 1-26 appeared again and then the books skipped to page 53, leaving out pages 27-52 entirely. Returning the book was super easy, so I was glad for that. Just wanted to give folks a heads up in case the mistake happened to an entire batch."
Classic book. Everyone needs to read this.
It should be required reading in the public fool system! Satisfied with the seller.
A very entertaining gamer book with a lot of hidden references. An easy read and I could just sit down and enjoy reading it. The end was a little fast for me but that's my only critique.
In many schools this is a required read and for good reason. It's truly a life changing book that everyone must read at some point in their life. A true classic.
"This edition of Aldous Huxley's classic Brave New World is paired with it's 1958 follow-up essay ""Brave New World Revisited"". Both alone are light, small books and really ought to be printed together more often. Brave New World was written in 1931; prior to the rise of Hitler, Stalin, WWI, and the atomic era, so the 1958 essay (which is a book in it's own regard) is a very nice pairing. I like the fiction/nonfiction mix where you can read Huxley's political wit through his satire and though his professorial essays. The edition also has an artsy cover with raised golden (what I assume are) soma tablets. There is a lot of room for annotations on the pages, and the font is very easy on the eyes. The ""PS"" edition has a letter from Huxley to George Orwell as well as an introduction to Huxley's final novel, Island, which I believe is a counterpoint to BNW. If you are new to Huxley and want to go further than just BNW, buy this edition."
"Huxley's insight was so far reaching, a warning to his time, and still a warning to this day for the few things that may be left to come from this book. We are the brave new world."
"If you want to know where this country is headed, read this.  Quick and entertaining but eye opening also."
Great great book
Book had blank pages in the middle.
I am not convinced this would not be a better world
Fascinating dystopian masterpiece with odd moments of literary pastiche and a weirdly Christian message about the value of suffering.
"I also bought the audio book, it is an amazing price for both.(Just make sure to buy the ebook first)"
Great Book
"This book was falsely advertised as in ""very good"" condition when it was actually in ""poor"" condition.  The binding was completely separated from the book.  Many pages were folded and weather beaten and the book itself looks like it was left out in the rain.  It's too much of a pain to return and go through the process all over again.  My daughter needs to read the book for a class NOW.  I will glue the binding back on and she'll get through it.  However, this book was falsely advertised as being in very good condition.  It was far from it.  Poor condition or fair at best."
"This is a classic book that many schools still include in literature courses.  To me, it started out like an old movie with unrealistic dialog and exaggerated one dimensional characters.  It became a bit more interesting as the ""savage"" characters were introduced, but then went on to beat the same theme drums too long, becoming less interesting toward the end.  No doubt the themes provide interesting material for conversation about our world, so it can still make sense for schools.  But I think it is becoming increasingly irrelevant as society has evolved away from things and more into information, and we have the much more important questions about what is happening to people interrelationships ... somehow more connected than ever and yet less connected in terms of traditional human interaction."
One of the greatest books I've ever read (book on cd).  Great companion as I drive across country.
"Mr Huxley illustrated some interesting concepts in this book about the future as he saw it at the time.  Of course it has become dated in some ways, but it is interesting to see what was prophetic at this point in time and how other things have taken a completely different tack as they have developed.  I see it as a classic writing that does make one have some serious thoughts about where our world is heading from a social and political viewpoint."
Got this as a gift for someone special. Awesome book and one of my top 10 favorites.
Always a classic. It's meaning is more relevant today than ever before.
"Outstanding work.  Seems to be where the world is heading; well, America anyway.  Feed every desire, split the family unit, nothing bad is ever recognized, only the happiness.  Get it."
A purchase for son's class read
"Even though the author starts the book focusing on the ""new society"" he doesn't explore as much as I would have love to the politic and social system of the new world. The end is a little bit mediocre."
"I'm sure this was a thriller in its time (1930s), but today this is of course ""old news"".  Thankfully society has not progressed as Huxley proposed, though I'm not certain that politically we are not exactly as he wrote in this novel.  I read it for its ""historic"" value and was rewarded with at least a decent read."
Lots of ideas to contain though it does give different perceptions on utopias.
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (very different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
good
"I only read this book so that I could say that I had read it.  It was OK but was not what I would want to read over again....but I am a redneck and you can't expect me to appreciate the finer things of this present world, nor of the future world."
A classic!  Worth reading!
Brilliant novel! It is one of my personal favorites.
What can I say. It's a classic. Huxley is a true visionary.
"Firstly, this is nothing like I thought it was goingto be.  There is actually a """"story"""" being told.Secondly, I, probably, only ""GOT"" half of what theauthor meant for me to get, due to my not beingsophisticated (learned / worldly) enough to grasp them.Thirdly, what a sad, sad tale is being told.I, guess, my bottom line is------maybe the """"savage""""isn't really the true savage of the story."
"I bought it for my daughter for English class in high school. Good quality, brand newFast service."
"In a futuristic society, the world is entirely comprised by “the World State” and controlled by a dictatorial government. The world has been altered by technological advances, the most significant being the establishment of a caste system through the production of human embryos to condition infants, and the creation of a drug called Soma to sooth adults. Lenina, an employee of the “Hatcheries” center in Europe, begins to date an employee named Bernard Marx, who takes her to a “Savage Reservation” in New Mexico to experience the lives of people considered unworthy to live in the World State. But instead of being taught the atrocities and despised behavior of these savages, Benard quickly realizes the bizarre and unorthodox ways of the World State when he discovers Linda, a former World State utopian currently living in the Reservation, and her son John. Brave New World is a thrilling masterpiece that captures the true moral and ethical framework of the aspects of life within an advanced dystopian world. The applied values of “family” life, prosperity, feel-good drugs, sex, and caste systems all give the reader an uneasy suspicion that the world can turn upside-down in an instant, and that there are hidden laws and principles that any reader would find as atrocious and arbitrary. As one continues to read and learn more about the unusual circumstances that citizens of the World State must attend to, a reader can begin to detect the differences in the values of today’s society and the ethics of these citizens. In an argument between the John the Savage and Mond the Controller, John answers, “But I don’t want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin (Huxley 240).” John is from the reservation, which serves as a representation of today’s world and way of life. As shown from the quote, the people of the reservation (and of today) appreciate all moments and parts of life, the ups and the downs. In the World State, the only accepted trait for all is comfort and feelings of fullness. Books and tales that can relate to the reader in a personal AND general level boost the overall theme and attractiveness. This book continues to become more and more relevant as our world progresses and advances to new stages of technology never experienced. More relevance equates to more connections. Although there are some important parts of the book that the current world can’t relate to, like the mass production of humans and development of a widespread caste system, many details of the book are more relatable than they were in the early 1900s, when Brave New World was written. For instance, the consumption of soma to sooth humans can associate with the daily intakes of prescription medicines and over-the-counter pills for millions of people in the US. Overall, as the world becomes more relatable to this thought-provoking novel, so does the perfection and the creativity of Aldous Huxley."
This is one of the weirdest books I've had to read for school... I don't recommend it to most people.
A must read classic that will make you wonder if Aldous Huxley could see into the future.
Great book
"This is one of the greatest books ever written. Don't F around with Cliff Notes, read it and 1984 in full and then join those of us who actually think for ourselves in fomenting the revolution against the corporate oligarchs who want us all stoned (whether it be SOMA or weed) and compliant in the roles they've determined."
A book I have always enjoyed and was great reading it again.
"It's a great book. Not the best of its genre, but probably the father of all utopian reimaginings. I'm gonna give it that."
I felt the book began with enough hook to keep me desirous of more. However about half way in the hook was set and I could not stop. Highly recommended to those who like 1984.
"I was really excited to read this book due to my love for 1984. And to give this book some credit, the concept was brilliant and the first 3 chapters lived up to that hype. It is once we are introduced to the main characters and focus less on the world and more on them is when this book turns for the worse. It dragged on, the world building got sloppy after some time, the characters are bland and uninteresting and the dialogue is poorly written and often repeated to add a ""realistic"" effect (for which it doesn't). But most of that can be set aside if it wasn't for one thing. This one thing ruined this whole book for me and made this book a bad read. What is it? Well, it is the fact that there is practically NO STORY. Stuff just happens in an order that is supposed to be disguised as a story. Nothing exciting happens. It doesn't follow the basic plot structure past the exposition. I have the feeling that Huxley doesn't know how to handle this type of story. I can't say that this book was terrible because the first three chapters were really good and got me excited to see more of this world. But the terrible writing and illogical story just sinks it down from a possible 4 out of 5 starts to only 2 stars. You want a good dystopian? In my opinion, read 1984 instead. I just didn't like this book at all."
thanku
"Really good book. I've read it so many times, and every time it's still good."
Definitely a classic that everyone should read at least once in their life.
This was my first future utopia book and it was a  great place to start.
Loved this book 30+ years ago when I was teaching it to seniors in high school.  Loved it again this summer when I reread it and discussed it w/ my high school gr'son.  Huxley was so right in so many of his predictions.
Ground-breaking dystopian vision with perplexing and disappointing weak ending
"He was a ""brave"" man to write this and he was ahead of time. For good or bad some of his ideas are with us today"
I love every opportunity I can get to explore the beautiful mind of Aldous Huxley.  Look forward to many more...
"I bought this book because i read it in high school and enjoyed it. I read through this version and still enjoyed it, but something is very wrong. I bought the five dollar edition (you get what you pay for, i guess) and received what appears to a copy of the book, translated from the original texts by a stoned high school kid. Every paragraph has a space between it - odd, never seen anything like this outside of poetry, but i could handle that. What i couldn't handle was the constant spelling and grammatical errors. Some sentences start without a space, after a period, and with no capitalization. Occasionally words like ""she"" are replaced by ""be."" I know Huxley isn't the greatest writer, but there's no way this is close to the original print of the book.  If you just want to read the story for the sake of reading it, this gets the job down (albeit with a little decoding occasionally). If you're already a fan and want to own a good copy with no stupid, glaring errors, don't buy this edition. Don't make the mistake i did. Spend the money and get a hardcover. Since they cost more, they're generally error free.  I'm not going to go in depth on a review of the story because everyone's already said everything there is to say. Huxley was a mad genius with some great ideas but lacked the kind of talent that makes a story a piece of art. He tells a great story but doesn't necessarily do it as well as it could be done. I'd give Brave New World 4 out of 5 stars for story. For this print of the book, i give a 2 out of 5 because of all the unnecessary and burdensome errors that some editor made who was clearly underpaid, unpaid, or about to be fired for doing such poor work."
"This book is written beautifully, but it lost me in the second half."
"Not a riveting read, but worthwhile.  I read it 50 yrs ago and poo pooed it as pure science fiction, but reading it now is the realization that we may be on that path, and farther down it than we realize!"
"This, alongside Dave Eggars Zitoun and The Circle, 1984 and Atlas Shrugged should be required reading for anyone to graduate from high school in this country."
It's cool because it's over sixty years old and in decent condition but the dust jacket was garbage and had to throw it away.
"Not quite as good as anticipated, but still a solid literary work."
Good book.
"I read this book because it 2 on the list of 100 books to read before you die.  Shows what might be the consequence of letting the government control to much of your life.  A must read for liberals,  but they will probably dismiss it because it says something they don't want to hear.  Selective deafness seems to be a common ailment with them."
"I really enjoyed reading this book!  It was captivating, and wonderfully philosophical!"
"Wonderful book, I've read it many times.  It will make you see the world in a different way."
"Very forward thinking, creative for a book written in 1932. Character development was great and details on the society are thorough."
"i had read somewhere that BNW is considered one of the top 100 novels of all time. how could i be anything other than disappointed while reading the actual book? I found the ideas in it profound at times and some I'm sure will continue to resonate with me, however Huxley has little interest in real character development or plot. I found the characters two dimensional for the most part. You could argue that this is exactly what a world like this would produce - people devoid of depth and feeling. However, as a reader, I need interesting and complex characters to compel me to continue reading. I need to CARE. I often found myself looking at page numbers and wishing i was finished already.Very imaginative regarding the science aspect, and on-target as far as Huxley's keen prescience and social predictions, but overall, it didn't take me on the kind of journey I enjoy. Honestly I'll take ""lowbrow"" Stephen King stuff over this book any day."
"Brave New World is not a very good book.  It is neither well written, nor is the story compelling or well conceived.  Huxley creates a future world with no crime, no poverty, no war, no disease and no hunger.  The inhabitants all have work that is suited to them and they find fulfilling, they have ample leisure and opportunities for recreation and diversion.  But Huxley wants us to know that there is something wrong with this world; the people are not ""free"".  They are certainly free from crime, poverty, war, disease and hunger; but that is not enough because they cannot choose to be unhappy .  To elucidate this Huxley introduces the Savage, the Messiah who sees the truth and will lead the people to salvation.But the Savage is a very unlikely savior.  He is so emotionally immature that he cannot even embrace the woman he purports to love.  He views all women as either mother or whore.  (This is an extension of Huxley's unhealthy fixation on sexuality.  It is clear that he finds the prospect of deriving pleasure from sex and separating it from a reproductive imperative as abhorrent.)  In the end the Savage withdraws completely from society and spends his days practicing self flagellation.  When that can no longer soothe his troubled mind he hangs himself.In reading thru the book, one is constantly waiting for the nefarious secret to be revealed, for the ""Soylent Green is people"" moment.  But there never is such a moment, this society harbors no dark secrets.  This is a society truly ruled by a philosopher king (actually a committee of philosopher kings).  They recognize that their world is not perfect but they are actively working and experimenting to improve it.And what do they do with malcontents that just refuse to fit in?  You get to go live on an island, any one of your choosing, where you can enjoy the society and intercourse of your fellow misfits.  Yes, in this ""dystopia"" the malcontents get to live in places like Hawaii, Aruba, or the Bahamas.  If a tropical paradise isn't your cup of tea you could pick Sardinia, Corsica, Crete, Santorini or Cyprus as you punishment.  For those who prefer more rugged terrain Vancouver Island or New Zealand would top the list.  But whichever you choose, you will be supported, fed, housed and clothed by the society you have rejected while free to live the life that you believe to be most fitting.So why should you read such a ridiculous tale?  Because Huxley has unintentionally created a revealing window into human nature.  The fact the more than half the reviewers on this site give it five stars, that many acclaim it to be the best book ever written, is remarkable in itself.  This book illustrates the ability of people to focus and project their paranoia, fears, and plain old ignorance in a way that no formal psychology experiment ever could.  Read the book.  See how trite, facile and inane it really is.  Then read some five star reviews to gain a frightening insight into the mentality of far too many people."
Great story
"Brilliant for its time, the evolution of the genre and the science world leave it dated, overdrawn and tedious in places.  I read this first fifty years ago and thought it wonderfully insightful and daring.  Time keeps right on moving and it's impossible to evolve a static story.  Kind of interesting from an historical perspective, but immanently unimportant."
"I found it a fun read because of its style. Very enjoyable. Sat down and read it in a day.The subject matter was a little frightening at times. Though happily it didn't delve into moralizing so much as presenting two sides or options for modeling civilization. Niether is idealized, both with their own forms of ugliness. Instead it leads the reader into contemplation, which I prefer over insinuating an absolute."
"If you read this novel in High School you need to read it again.  What seemed like fantasy, and science fiction, to 40's and 50's high school students is a novel that is all too often a reflection of life in the 21st century.  Although published in 1932 Huxley's vision of where civilization might be heading was all too accurate.  He depicts a world in which freedom and individuality are considered ""uncivilized"". A totalitarian world government controls life from conception to the grave.  What matters is keeping oneself ""happy"" while zonked on Soma, and participating in controlled mass ""orgies"". Materialism is the highest ""good"".  Look around and think while reading this novel and you will wonder; is this where we are headed? The birth of Orwell's Brave New World may be occurring before our very eyes!  Perhaps this book will make you think more clearly about our current ""civilization""!"
I always try to read a classic and Brave New World was not a disappointment.  Huxley is a great thinker with an awesome vocabulary.  I found my self look up many words.  The book is very interesting in how it portends a future of society that could happen.  It is scary in that I could see some of the things Huxley says actually happening as society evolves.
A reat book is always a great book. I enjoyed it in High School I enjoyed again years later
It should be read or reread to remind us what could be.
I had to purchase this for a class... it was an okay read I guess but it is very similar to Orwell's 1984
Closing a gap
"I finished ""Brave New World"" this past summer, and two things left an indelible impression on me.  First was how effective Huxley was at creating a complex, complicated future world, but it was the second thing that really moved me the most.  That was the way Huxley used a very stark kind of satire to speak volumes about the real world.  More than the typical ""cautionary tale"" nature that is common in dystopias, Huxley's story revolved around its own contradictions.  He used the future to speak to the present.  He used satire to make serious and even depressing points.  He used death as escape.  He used the height of technical sophistication to illustrate the most backward society imaginable.  Wow.Buy this, read it, then read it again.  Study it like a textbook.  There will be something new every time."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a brilliant book both as a work of fiction and satire. Huxley covers topics of the arts, science, religion, faith, philosophy, and morality in this novel. This is not your average science fiction novel by any stretch of the imagination.It is definitely worth a second read.  Huxley's work is perhaps one of the original dystopian novels (which are becoming increasingly more popular today). In Brave New World, the future holds no pain, aging, or discomfort. Everything is preprogrammed. Totalitarianism exists however in a format in which citizens are conditioned to love whatever their specific function (however menial or unpleasant) in society is. Only the savages live according to the old ways - with religion, aging, marriage and traditions. This is far apart from the average citizen on reservations.  The plot takes off, when Bernard a man dissatisfied with life meets a young man born on a reservation whose mother used to be a part of the new society. The mother and ""savage"" return to civilization. Upon the return, the young man finds himself caught between worlds. He was never accepted in the reservation and h cannot understand the new ways that are considered civilized.  I would highly recommend this to anyone. It is an outstanding look at civilization, the nature of man, and morality. If you have read this and enjoyed it I would recommend 1984 by George Orwell, Amusing Ourselves to Death by Neil Postman, and Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury. I will also recommend the television series Futurama by Matt Groening (creator of the Simpsons). Groening took many ideas from Brave New World and 1984 to produce a darkly funny sitcom."
With the countless distopian novels that have come out recently everyone should remember where it all started!  Still holds up today easily against the others. Scary in fact considering when it was written and when one realizes Huxley's future prediction of technologies and ideologies are in existence today!
The story starts out strong but finishes very weak.
I got the book earlier than the estimated delivery date but the book cover was not the same as the picture shown!! So I'm not sure if I got the correct book for a class...
Book was okay
This book did not live up to its hype. I really wanted to enjoy it. But most of the time I was simply forcing myself to continue reading it.
I do not understand the hype. To me the book was boring and the end was just too uncharacteristic and unrealistic. The idea behind the book is very interesting but I personally think it was not executed to its full potential.
the book was fine but the shipping was horrible - by the time we actually received it we were pretty well done with the unit in class making it a wasted purchase.
It's crazy to think this book was published in 1932. Between 'Brave New World' and 1984 (published in 1949) there was quite a bleak outlook for our present. Both books have predicted quite a few realities. Dystopian predictions have become reality.
"Huxley is, as always, a bit difficult to read, but the book itself is great, in great condition."
"If you like Hunger Games and the Divergent series, this book is for you.  It is a bit shocking at times, so readers beware.  Meant for a more mature audience due to blatant promiscuity."
"This was written in the 1950s I believe, and we are headed this way right now. If you have never read a dystopian fiction before, I recommend this as a first. Still a eye opening read none the less."
the box was tore up when it got to me so I am not for sure what happened but the cd's played ok no problems
Too scientific for my liking.
good purchase and good seller
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (very different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"I'm sure that this book has been reviewed several hundred times over, but i'll put my two cents in anyway.  This is a book that everyone should read but not everyone will be able to handle.  I really won't be giving much away to tell you that this book is a vision of a distopian future in which apathy is one of the biggest ails of society.  People (who are bred into a caste system) are simply medicated into complacency and are quite content to remain so.  This is book is commonly contrasted with 1984, another excellent read, and while it is a bit depressing i would rank it as less painfully so.  I'm sure that some of the other reviews available here will give you a nice bit of history on the subject, but suffice it to say that elements of this future vision have already come to pass and this book remains relevant in today's world.  Just don't expect it to brighten your day.  it wasn't meant to."
"Imagine a world where mass-production assembly lines are the source of everything, even life itself.  Where humans are engineered, cloned, conditioned, all on a massive industrial scale, creating a rigid caste system, where people are predestined to fill a specific niche in society.  The epitome of a consumer society, where people exist solely to consume, and only that which is consumable is worthy of being valued.  This is a world where your desires are limited by your conditioning and education, but where every one of those desires can be immediately satisfied.Huxley’s world isn’t exactly a dystopia, but rather more of an anti-utopia.  Those that live in his world see it as a place of happiness and satisfaction.  This happiness is enforced not by law and force, but by genetics, subliminal conditioning, and cultural indoctrination.  Because everyone is engineered for their place in society, everyone finds satisfaction in their place, and society is a stable, harmonious place.  Or so it seems.However, not everyone is satisfied with this system.  A tiny number of misfits struggles to accept things as they are, even as they fail to find the societal norms satisfying.  It is in exploring the reactions of these individuals that Huxley is able to critique the supposed superiority of this society.  The costs of the stability and happiness in this society are the loss of poetry, art, religion, and any serious sense of curiosity about the universe.  Individuals do not get to discover their own places in the world, and the extreme passions that produce so much of the greatest art are suppressed in order to achieve a stable society.  The question raised by this novel:  Is it worth the cost?  Huxley seems to suggest that we should be careful about placing peace and stability too high on our priority list.  Instead, it would appear that we need to remember to value those things that make us feel, that make us individuals, that make us free."
"Formatting on Kindle version is terrible. Seemingly random paragraph breaks, inconsistent spacing, scan errors.This is kind of a key advantage legit e-books should have over pirated ones."
good
Quick delivery. Quality product.
Very good
nice product excellent seller.
"This should be required reading for every American. Along with the film Soylent Green, we are all too close to actually living this in the 2014 United States Of Corporations."
amazing book
As described and on time.
good book with very interesting concepts.
"I was hoping for something catchy, revealing, but the novel is more an imaginative exercise without too much substance to fire up your interest or to help you in the imaginative process. For the '30s this must have been a work of art, but reading it I felt that it almost fails in connecting you to the characters.Why is an average writing? In my opinion taking reality and twisting it is not imagination. Writing that the world is a ""non""world in the years 632 a.F. is not creating a new world all together.The most important thing that the novel stirred in me was the refusal to grasp the reality described and to ""buy"" the story.There is no reason to compare Brave New World to 1984. Making the comparison would not do justice for 1984, we would talk about Epsilons (Brave New World) and Alphas (1984).If you didn't read any of the two, and insist on reading both, start with Brave New World and than read a masterpiece, 1984."
A very thought perovoking book
i loooove this book and it was a school read! it really makes you think about the world today
Love everything by Aldous Huxley!!!
"Great book, my daughter love it"
All I can say about this book is that it's modern prophecy plain and simple.
"Book needed for school.  Read, read, read"
"I'd been meaning to read Brave New World for some time, as I always heard about how great it is. I read 1984 a senior in highscool and enjoyed it at the time. This novel, however, I was not fond of.The story is bad. Really bad. And Huxley tells it poorly. His writing is unnecessarily fluffy and unpleasant to read. The first half, more or less, of the novel is for introducing the setting. Huxley paints what he intended to a be futuristic society of underdeveloped adults. They live permanently as children, have no worries or fears, purchase goods and have heavy class structures. The ideal is novel, but stretched too thin. There needs to be more depth to really make a good statement on anything. The way Huxley sets the stage makes it difficult for much to happen in the novel. Progressions felt awfully forced and the ending was exceptionally poor.Onto the characters: I found them all terrible. This part I struggle with: we are supposed to hate them, obviously. But not all of them. I'm supposed to feel sympathetic for John and worry about Linda. Their actions were forced and almost unbelievable. I hated John and was dissatisfied when the novel turns the focus on him. Bernard, Lenina, and all the others were unremarkable. Perhaps this is the point, and why Huxley seemingly drops their stories so willfully. Each of them are interchangeable in his society, so what does it matter if we lose their story? It may work philosophically (and I can only hope that's what Huxley intended) however from a literary standpoint it is poor. None of the other characters are worth commenting on: their actions are forced and so is the novel.The ending was the worst part. The incident with Jonh's mother is exceptionally painful to read. I don't know who to feel bad for: John or Huxley for writing it so poorly. The whole chapter reads like a bad soap opera. John stars throwing pills. Suddenly, he becomes a world-class debater and has a lengthy discussion with his local world-controller. John moves to the lighthouse. From here on out, the novel takes a real dive. I almost couldn't finish it was so poorly written and executed.I wanted to like the novel, I really did. I think dystopia can be a great topic. But this book just doesn't do it. The arguments are simplified and bite-sized so that anyone may easily digest them. The content is lacking. Very few redeeming qualities here."
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist. This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond."
"People who are happy simply don't want to think.  Therefore, they are much more controllable through distraction.  This Huxley understood even before psychologists did.  Unfortunately, Huxley disregards our basic need to be distinct from each other, which complements our need to belong, so some of the world he creates rings false to me.  But it is an amazing world to consider and several issues are pertinent to our world today."
"Thought provoking, solid book."
Just what my son needed for college.  Thank you!
good book
Everyone should read this book!
"I love this book.It's a great story, especially considering the fact that it was originally published in 1932.Pretty cool.HOWEVER, the reason I am not giving it five stars is THIS PRINTING.The writing in this book is TINY.Seriously.Like warning-insert-from-a-Tylenol-bottle tiny.Maybe everyone who works at this company wears bifocals and didn't notice, I have no idea.But for people with normal vision, this printing don't is just too small.Looking for a different copy now."
I generally like Michael York but I found his reading of this book incredibly distracting and annoying in parts. If there is an alternative version I'd give it a try instead.
Ok
i think it is now becoming true
Bought for school. Was in good condition.
shipped as expected
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (very different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
Everyone should read this enjoyable book. Could this actually become true. Ask the NEW WORLD ORDER!
I truly enjoyed this book. It is beautifully written and kept my attention throughout.
"Also is Huxley sure did have a low, low opinion of humanity.  To write humans as such child-like imbeciles with no capacity for love, complex emotions, spirituality, or compassion... Even the savages, who were unaltered by conditioning or genetic engineering, were like stupid, foolish children.I would have given this book more stars for its creativity, however depressing it is, but the writing was of such a poor quality that I could barely stand to read it sometimes."
"Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" is a must read for anyone with a passion for dystopian tales. Unfortunately, I am afraid Huxley was more a visionary than fiction author. So many aspects of ""Brave New World"" have turned out to be the reality of the times in which we live. Most people know Orwell's ""1984"" but are not familiar with Huxley. Huxley wrote this nearly two decades before Orwell's masterpiece. I challenge anyone to read ""Brave New World"" and not mentally project the action of the story into any number of real world events today and not cringe."
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy "
"I have heard of this book for many years.  Finally I decided to read it to find out why this book is considered such a classic.  Boy was I disappointed.  I stuck with the book believing that it would become interesting or eventually make some point.  However, the book didn't end such much as it just stopped.  Stopping was the only real choice because to ""end"" the book would have had to have a plot to wrap up or even sympathetic characters.  This book has none of that.  It is rare that I read fictional books and now I remember why."
"I've heard so much about this book and really wanted to read it. I love reading for pleasure, but I had to think really hard while reading. just not my style."
"Beautiful, large book, bound in green leather with gold accents. Heavy, acid-free paper, with gold edges. A gorgeous edition, and it arrived quickly, and in exactly the condition described. This edition is better than I expected, and is a great addition to an already extensive library."
"Great book, wanted my own copy. Now it sits on my bookshelf and I point at it during rants about how flawed our society is, while eating vegan brownies and soymilk."
Aldous Huxley's vision of the future is both mesmerizing and terrifying. Reading about an entire population becoming obsessed with distraction and self-gratification rings in my mind like an eerie warning.
excellent book
"I know this is supposed to be a classic but I truly thought it was awful.  The writing dragged and the way the author hops from character to character at the beginning left me staring at the page trying to figure out who was speaking.  Regarding, Bernard, whom I would consider a key character, we are left wondering what happened to him.  Did he eventually decided he could not live in that world either and hang himself as John Savage did?  Why didn't John just take all his supplies and go back to the reservation?  In addition, I could never really care about any of the characters.  The only one which was interesting was Helmholtz and he did not get enough development.  The only fascination was when I was considering some of the ""future"" events which actually have occurred.  I would much rather read 1984 or even Fahrenheit 451."
school book
Classic dystopian future novel. Must read!
Great book
"I expected a lot more from this highly rated classic, but I didn't like the writing style and the ending just stops dead. You're left hanging - like a part of the story is missing."
"From the beginning of the book, it seems interesting, but as you read, you find that it jumps randomly around with seemingly no reason. The book presents no contrasts to other parts of the story. Not to mention, it takes a lot of time to explain ideas that can be easily assumed and found by the reader. Overall, it was good back then, but today, not so much."
Huxley can do no wrong. A brilliant man. I recommend The Doors of Perception to add a surreal and brilliant insight into another's mind.
Just couldn't wrap my head around this. Slow pace and dull characters. One of the few books I've put down and never finished.
"Had to read it for school, enjoyed the book but ending took me a while to understand... Hope every book had so many great quotes!! Those last chapters where amazing"
"Brave New World gives a glimpse into a future where society is streamlined.  There is a caste system and everyone is bred, literally, to thrive in their own caste.  There are no longer mothers and fathers, every embryo is bottled and nourished along an assembly line.  Alpha's are the highest caste and receive the most nourishment.  The other castes, Beta's, Gamma's, and Epsilon's, are all deprived of sustenance in one way or another so they are physically and mentally less able than their Alpha counterparts when they are decanted.Everyone is brainwashed from a young age (via audio tracks repeating during sleep) that they are happy in their caste, they like games and social activities and hate to be alone, and that soma (a relaxing drug) is a good thing that will make them happy.  With no mothers and fathers, there are no single births.  Science has made multiples an art, with typically anywhere from eight to ninety six divisions of a single embryo (the record being around seventeen thousand).  This strengthens society's mantra that everyone belongs to everyone else.  Individuality has been stamped out.  Everyone is happy all the time.  At least, the majority are.  There are a few oddities in the bunch that buck the norm; they are quickly exiled so as not to taint the rest of the population.I am glad that I finally got around to reading this book.  I can see why it's a book that causes so much discussion.  It definitely has themes that would have been radical in its day and make some people uneasy still today.  I'm not sure exactly what I expected of this book, but it didn't really hit the mark with me overall. I enjoyed the first half of the book.  It kept me interested reading about this utopian society where everyone was happy, healthy, and well cared for ... in contrast with those that were not content with the sameness and longed for something different, something unique.  Had the entire book kept up to the standard of the first half, I likely would have rated it a 5.  However, I was let down a bit with the last half of the book.  Though we see different points of view in the 'uncivilized' culture, it left a bit to be desired.  It held promise, but quickly lost steam for me when it all began to revolve around the savage, especially the ending.Some quotes:""And that, ... that is the secret of happiness and virtue - liking what you've got to do.  All conditioning aims at that: making people like their unescapable social destiny.""""Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the over-compensations for misery.  And, of course, stability isn't nearly so spectacular as instability.  And being contented has none of the glamour of a good fight against misfortune, none of the picturesqueness of a struggle with temptation, or a fatal overthrow by passion or doubt.  Happiness is never grand."""
"eBook, I need for school, and great price.  Thank you."
Great classic Dystopian book!!
Book seems to be in good condition...my daughter needs to read this book for school.
Still one of the best books I have ever read...
"Some scenes are dated but it was a very interesting, thought provoking story."
"Huxley's exploration of dystopia is entertaining as well as thought provoking.  While the narrative is not quite to the level of 1984, anyone who enjoyed Orwell's or Zamyatin's takes on the subject will certainly like Brave New World.  Considering when it was written, it's impressive that Huxley could even find someone to publish it.  All the more reason to dive in and enjoy."
Bought for school
The book was alright.
Thank you!
Great condition....now have to get my son to read it!
"Strange, but engaging."
"I first read this book decades ago when our society then was just recovering from a hit of LSD and an overdose of free love. It was chilling then, but even more so now because America is now closer to what Huxley had designed in his Brave New World.That's right: Huxley actually DESIGNED our society to be this way, and if you study it accurately you'll see how appallingly correct I am, because Huxley was a member of the so-called ""elite"" that to this day manipulates and controls America and her youth. He was molded and groomed, just like all other ""elites"" of his kind (followers of the power structure), to be an influencer of youth. Forget the old farts like me. Our time has passed and we're now sitting about collecting Social Security and watching the bugs get zapped by that UV thingee that zaps bugs ZZZZZT!If you also read Who Really Owns Your Gold, third edition, by William Garner, you will get an even clearer picture of the group Huxley was a member of. They have been working behind the scenes since America was founded, and have shaped and molded citizens to become flimsy and malleable and distant, lethargic and uncaring, ignorant and downright stupid, mean and sociopathic, violent and criminal.Just look around you, really see and study things. If you do and do it over a long period of time, you will see that this is all completely true.I recommend this book because it's a harbinger of things to come, things that are already here, America. And if you don't believe me, then good for you, because your rose-colored glasses must keep you in such bliss. Wish I could be so ignorant!"
This book was recommended to me due to my interest in distopia-themed books.  Although there were a few great quotes I had to constantly fight to keep my eyes open and focus on the story.  It was a bit too scientific for me to enjoy.
Slowly making my way through the modern library's top 100 novels and this is one of my favorite so far! Hard to believe it was written in the 30's! Interesting to think about how progressive he thought the future would be. Far cry from our world today in some aspects and so close in others.
"This was a really strange book but I enjoyed it.  I can't imagine making this kind of stuff up, especially so long ago.  I could almost see this being real, but only in the very distant future.  I'm glad I read it."
Great conceptualization. Undoubtedly ahead of it's time
"This book not only made me think, but scared me in a very primal way. It has the kind of story that constantly reminds you what is wrong (or right, for that matter) with human society in general. We are getting closer everyday to a society that regards happiness over truth and beauty."
"The book was better than described. It looks as good as new on the inside, and the outside cover as very little ware. Shipped on time and arrived on time as well Perhaps there are not too many people interested in Lenin's failed conquest of Europe."
"In light of the last 50 years of tech, this book is even more relevant.  It is frighteningly possible.  Now, more than even.  Fun to read right after H.G. Wells ""A Modern Utopia""."
"""Brave New World"" is a book that has sat, unread, on my reading list for a long time.  I knew it was a classic, and one of the most important books of the 20th century.  I also knew that it was a dystopia, and that it had alternately been described as depressing, a frightening prediction of the future, and a wholesale ripoff of the Russian dystopian novel ""We.""  I put off reading it for all of the above reasons -- I prefer to read for entertainment, don't like to be depressed or terrified by what I read, and don't have much patience for plagiarists.  But after finding a battered but cheap copy of it at a used book sale, I decided to give it a chance.  If it was indeed not worth my time, I was only out a quarter...The verdict?  This is not a book you want to read for entertainment purposes -- as a novel it's dry and dismal.  But all the same, it's a frighteningly prescient book that will make you think about the state of our world, and how it compares to Huxley's vision of the future.""Brave New World"" is set in a future where happiness is controlled by the government, which sees to it that everyone lives in contentment and ease.  Humans are conceived and ""born"" in jars, raised in laboratories, and conditioned via genetics, drugs, and subliminal messages to desire things that will give them momentary pleasure.  Families are abolished, sex is treated like just another recreational activity, and taking a drug-induced ""holiday"" is perfectly acceptable and even encouraged.  Anything that could possibly detract from said happiness -- religion, history, scientific advancement -- is abolished, and for the most part everyone is happy to simply let things be... save Bernard Marx, a grumpy soul who finds the blissful world around him all too fake.  He takes a holiday to an Indian reservation -- one of the few places in the world not under the control of the bliss-centered government -- and encounters a young man who will be come to known as the Savage, a white boy born on the reservation who feels wholly out of place and hopes to fit in among the people of the modern world.  But the Savage discovers that as much as he's an outcast on the reservation, he fits in even less in the outside world, and his antiquated views -- both from his upbringing on the reservation and his obsession with Shakespeare -- make him both a curiosity and a danger to this Brave New World.As a novel, ""Brave New World"" falls short of the mark.  Huxley spends a great deal of time fleshing out his world and the rules it goes by, painting a fascinating but terrifying picture of the future, but he peoples it with cardboard cutouts instead of actual characters.  Some may argue that this was intentional on the part of the author -- it was the world that was important and not the characters -- but all the same, a novel needs both a convincing world AND convincing characters to work as a story.  It's difficult to know who's supposed to be the protagonist of this tale -- is it Bernard, the Savage, or the young woman Lenina who gets a great deal of page time but little development?  And with the exception of Bernard's friend Helmholtz and the World Controller Mustapha (who's the closest thing this book has to a villain), the characters are thoroughly unlikable and unpleasant.  Even the Native Americans on the reservation are vile and cruel -- though I have no idea if they were supposed to be portrayed sympathetically in comparison to the denizens of the Brave New World, or if Huxley was just trying to point out that the entire world would be a crappy place to live in the future.Also, the writing has a tendency to ramble and get caught up in irrelevant details.  Some scenes feel like they should be important later, such as the mention of children being encouraged to engage in sexual play or the adulthood ceremony on the reservation, but they get little mention after the respective scenes come to an end.  There's also an entire chapter where the scene changes rapidly from paragraph to paragraph, then from line to line, until it's almost impossible to tell who's talking and where.Despite its flaws, however, ""Brave New World"" is an important read -- more so because the world Huxley envisioned in the 1930s is rapidly becoming a reality.  Recreational sex and drugs are becoming commonplace, genetic engineering is a hotbed of controversy at the moment, and our entire culture is obsessed with consumption, happiness, and entertainment.  The media deflects our attention from serious issues to try to entertain us, and people in general are becoming more and more ignorant of history, politics, religion, and science in general.  Some of Huxley's predictions are somewhat silly (such as practically deifying Henry Ford and the concept of a scent organ -- literally a musical instrument that plays smells as well as sound), but much of it has, rather scarily, become fact in the modern day.""Brave New World"" really isn't intended to be read for entertainment purposes.  But if you want a novel that will make you think long and hard about which is better -- a life of honesty and pain or a life of contented ignorance -- then ""Brave New World"" is a must-read.  I can't say that I will read this book again, but I am glad to have read it the first time, and though I didn't enjoy the story, the concepts it brought forth and the challenges it raised make it a worthwhile read."
Great Read  - on a par with George Orwell's 1984.
The book did not have the cover that was advertised.  I am extremely disappointed and will not purchase again from this seller.
If it is at the same time. One that is disturbing. The story truly explores what it means to be happy. What it might mean for an individual to not willing to accept society definition of happiness. Good luck to us all.
I liked this book up until near the end. I really hated the way it ended. It was depressing. I know it's a classic but I don't think it would be so revered if it was written today.
"This book is awkwardly written and difficult to follow.  Yes, there is an impelling argument about the advantages of personal happiness vs the good of society but it seems to me the story is simply written to expose this argument.  And not very well written either - certainly not very imaginatively written and it seems silly to read it in this computerized age.  If one wants to read books on this theme, I can think of a couple of better books such as ""Atlas Shrugged"" or even a cute little trilogy called ""Shades of Grey""."
"I don't usually read post-apocalyptic, dystopian, pessimistic or ""literary"" books, and this is all four. It's very well done, though, and a classic, and I'm glad I read it.The post-apocalyptic: a terrible war full of anthrax terrorist bombs has been fought, and in order to recover...The dystopian: the world has been heavily regulated. Humans are now grown in bottles, and raised in conditioning centres, where they are relentlessly conditioned to be mindlessly happy and contribute to a stable society.The pessimistic: in such a world, there's no place for ""high art"" or pure science, only for science as a tool, and meaningless entertainment. ""You've got to choose between happiness and what people used to call high art... Every discovery in science is potentially subversive... truth's a menace, science is a public danger."" The author sees no third way between the squalid primitivism of the ""savage reservation"" and a sterile, totalitarian modernism. John, the character who is caught between these worlds - having grown up on the reservation, the son of two people from the modernist world, but, unlike almost anyone else alive, with access to an old copy of Shakespeare - is unable to adapt to the modernist world when he is taken there.Although several of the characters have names alluding to Communism - the female lead's name is Lenina, for example - that seems to be mainly to invoke totalitarianism. In 1931, when the book was written, the Nazis were not yet in power in Germany, and Russia had the only modernist totalitarian government. However, the society depicted in the book is based more on the consumerist modernism of America. References to ""Our Ford"" have replaced religion - Henry Ford being the ultimate modernist symbol at the time - along with ""community sings"" ending in orgies.I was surprised, by the way, at how much sex there is in the book. It's not explicit, but it is pervasive. The members of the society are heavily sexualised from a young age, and social attitudes to monogamy and promiscuity have been reversed (by hypnopaedic conditioning) because family life creates destabilising passions. Nobody knows who their parents are, and ""mother"" is considered a dirty word. Oddly, given that women's ovaries are removed to be cultured and create the next generation, some (though not all) women are still fertile, and they are all well drilled in contraceptive use. The author does slip up, however, and refers to a ""gorillas' wedding"" near the end of the book from the viewpoint of a member of the society who doesn't, presumably, know what a wedding is.When John comes along, with his Shakespearean ideas of love, this causes predictable instability. He's attracted to Lenina, but her sexual behaviour is incomprehensible (and reprehensible) to him, as is her society.The sexism of the 1930s is baked in. Only the male characters rise above or question their conditioning (for what good it does them); Lenina remains conventional and largely passive, and the other female characters are minor. All the people at the top of society seem to be men.From the point of view of literary technique, there's a masterful set-piece early in the book. Several conversations are going on at once in different places, and the topics and the voices are so clear and distinct that by the end, the author is cutting rapidly between them with no speaker attribution. It's not only completely possible to follow them and tell who is speaking, but the aggregate effect is greater than the sum of the parts. Even if the book did nothing else, it deserves to be celebrated for this - and it does a great deal more.The important questions of Brave New World still remain with us. How do we keep society stable, especially in a world where technology is becoming more and more powerful and potentially dangerous? What cost are we prepared to pay for stability? What is ""human nature,"" and what are the implications of attempting to change it? Is it possible to be happy without sinking into mindlessness? What is lost when society pursues happiness as its highest goal?Deservedly a classic, Brave New World was the first of the great dystopias, influencing all that came after (notably 1984, by Huxley's contemporary George Orwell). It continues to have resonance and power."
On time and excellent
"Very interesting commentary on the advance of civilization and what exactly that means in terms of humanity. Quick read, so even if it's not up your alley it won't take up all your time!"
"A fantastic book by a truly visionary author. Even more than Orwell's 1984, this book shows where we may go, if we don't learn to use our technology for the good of humanity, and to enforce limits on what technology is allowed to accomplish for us. I would advise this book for anyone interested in tomorrow, and the dangers we may face."
What a powerful and insightful book. To think that this author penned this over 60 years ago is amazing.
"Hadn't read this since High School, forgot most of the story so it was like reading it for the first time.  Hard to believe it was written in 1931, Mr Huxley was so accurate in some of his predictions.  It's as an important read today as it was back then, probably even more so.  He was way ahead of his time.  An amazing book, don't miss it if you haven't read it."
you wonder how far away we are from this Brave New World ...recommended to those who believe that our society is going in the wrong direction
"I have heard about this book since the 1970's when I was in high school, however it was not required reading so it took me over 40 years to read it! What I enjoyed about the book was that it was written in early 1900 which allowed me into a different culture and time. What I did not enjoy about it was the language made it difficult for me to follow the storyline. I mean catch phrases and words that were easily understood 100 years ago, I could not make sense of. So I gave it 2 stars."
"An exceptional dystopian tale that stands as one of the best examples of the genre. Not surprisingly the Man vs. Machine and Man vs. Man narratives of the book ring true across the generations, and will no doubt feel spot on for many modern readers. The book is easy to read and worth your time no matter what age you pick it up."
"Brave New World presents a set of ideas that (even in the 30s) comprise(d) an unoriginal and derivative concept—the melding of eugenics and socialism with hopes of a utopian society. I speak specifically of George Bernard Shaw's ""Man and Superman"" (1903), with shocking similarities between ""cliques"" and ""castes"" and Shaw's remediation of Fredric Nietzsche's ""übermensch"".This being said, I will commend Huxley for his anachronistic writing style and how deliciously-offensive such prose would have been to readers of 1932. Was it, then, a necessary novel for the period? It certainly caused uproar. Yet, I believe Huxley is subtle in justifying this—pre-emptively—with the New State's reaction to Shakespeare, orthodox religion(s) and the nuclear family. Only those conditioned to eschew their humanity could be repelled by it. (How ironic that Ireland would later ban Brave New World for being ""anti-family"" and ""anti-religion"".)Perhaps, just perhaps, this book inspired the likes of Fahrenheit 451. This, along with other sci-fi dystopian classics, also proposed a world in which instant-gratification, indifference to classic literature/history and moral decay would downfall mankind. Or, more obviously, had Orwell imagined a crueler, more iron-fisted version of Mustapha Mond in penning 1984? Who knows just how important this book has been?Overall, I'm glad I read it, but would perhaps falter in recommending it.P.S. If I had a choice between John's system and Mond's system, I think I'd have myself shipped to Iceland!"
"I liked the overall story and considering it was published in 1932, still holds up well. Just thought the ""savage"" evolved a little too quickly. The ""savage"" comes back to London and is suddenly very articulate, just doesn't ring true. I know it was to make a point but I found it too abrupt and not believable."
kid school
"I know is is considered a ""classic"", but I found it difficult to truly engage.I simply ""powered thru"" in in order to finish, only to be disappointed with the ending.The last chapter is the best one!While I realize this was an attempt to show a future in response to wars, man's greed, egalitarianism, etc., the premise is great but I think the execution fell short in the end.Needless to say, I was personally disappointed."
"OK, I know. This is a classic and yadda yadda yadda. I read it because it was a ""classic"". Well it might have been good back in the days when cars had cranks but it just seems silly today."
"I read this book in the 60's when I was in high school and it gave me a new way of thinking about the world and society.  I ordered this book from Amazon and had it sent to my Godson in prison since I thought it would give him a different perspective on life.  He read it and said that it was good and it gave him the ability to view life and society in a different way than he had done in the past.  He doesn't read many books but he told me he's glad I made him read Brave New World, it enriched his life!!!"
I loved this book the cover is gorgeous and has extras inside after buying this book and takin it to class imeadiatly everyone wanted to see it and look at it a week later more and more people started buying the same one I had great book
My favorite book!
Interesting read but a truly abrupt ending that left me feeling empty .
"It's a classic for a reason. A staple read for any sci-fi fan, ticks all the boxes, themes are still relevant today. Loved it."
The Kindle edition is badly formatted and was even missing part of a paragraph.
"It had been years since I first read this book. It is even more meaningful and poignant with maturity. So much has happening in the world since the book was first written and with having read this as a youth, that it seems to have even more meaning today. Much of the materialism, promiscuity and regulations by governments based on fear, real or not, seem to have come to fruition. It is an eye-opening experience about today's world."
It was very interesting
This is how human beings should structure their society.
"Amazing book.  Very thought provoking, full of irony - a humorous commentary on human social progress.  I really enjoyed reading it and will do so again, I'm sure.  Glad to have it in my library."
"Very well written, of course.  There's depth in this book that I'm pretty sure I'm missing.  It's scary that this book perfectly describes the type of society that some people of today are dreaming of."
"I expected so much more....Huxley's student, Orwell, did a much more masterful job at predicting what might come to pass. I found this book to be boring. The society he created was uninteresting, and at times, just silly. I'm so happy that I downloaded a free version."
It could and is happening now.The book is probably more of a warning for today as it was when it was written. Political correctness as the denial of truth and emotion.
okay story---required for Granddaughter for school.
Is Agenda 21 our real life version of this?  Do we see this playing out in real time?  Reading the book and watching the news makes you wonder.  Great read.
Sometimes it was difficult to follow with the British theme.  I thought the concept was interesting and ahead of the times for when it was written
"I enjoyed the book, interesting story. Only issue was that the chapters seemed to merge, like one long run on sentence...."
"While much of the theme is relatable to today's world, it remains dated. The end is abrupt and predictable. Quick read, but not overly compelling."
"Re-reading the classics is always a joy and so after nearly 45 years I once again opened Brave New World.  According to the back-matter in the latest edition, the book was largely panned by reviewers when it was written over 80 years ago. Imagine what those critics would say now.  It has always amazed me that writers like George Orwell, Ayn Rand, Ray Bradbury and Aldous Huxley penned what the public most certainly viewed as dystopian novels, long before terms like “nanny state” “thought police” “social engineering” and “trigger warnings”  became part of the vernacular, and how likewise, the things that liberals of a half century ago most feared the most are now the things that modern liberals most clamor for. (And I was one of those liberals) We hear from the venerable Mustapha Mond :  “…..science is just a cookery book, with an orthodox theory of cooking that nobody’s allowed to question” and “… truth’s a menace….”, and the most telling quote of all: “It would upset the whole social order if men started doing things on their own.”  Mustapha further pontificates that society would be unstable with people “…..making a free choice and assuming responsibilities. Image it!” Imagine it indeed. This book should be on the high school reading lists of all 50 states."
Sad way to end the story. Shocking boring future. very unique book. I liked John Savage more than the other characters.
Crappy anti capitalistic book. The book describes and socialistic utopia in which everyone's needs are met. Huxley argues that utopia sucks because then nothing has meaning. In other words life needs suffering. Bulls***!
"I tried... Honestly I did. I can't figure out why this book is a classic. I tried to work through it, but it was so tedious."
"Interesting to look at a view of the future from the 1930's. The book represents Huxley's philosophy of the human condition, of our false visions of utopia and its follies, and the often suppressed instincts of individualism. It's a good read, but it often reminds me of the Jetsons"
I read this book in about 1960.  Enjoyed the second reading as much as the first.  A great classic from Huxley.
"can you hear them? listening to our thoughts. influencing our behavior. calculating our every move before we even begin to make a decision. you can see it. its all around us. you just have to know what to look for. an awkward glance from the bank teller. a casual bump from the lady in line at the grocery store. the waiter drops his pen as he takes your order. look for the patterns. they don't want us to be self aware, but we can be once we see the truth. between the lines. great book. i can see why its a classic."
"A strange book that seems to be largely obsessed with sex and drugs until the final few chapters. It would be easy to say that this book certainly had to influence the screen writer of Gattaca which is largely based on genetically modified humans, however, the book left me unfulfilled in the end.Huxley is a brilliant writer but he's not in the same league a George Orwell."
my son needed this book for summer reading has it really been 30 years since i read this book.  I remember a version call brave new world revisited
"Parts of this novel seem as if it is social commentary on today's society. Huxley would be amazed and appalled if he could see our world today. Back to the book: the ending is a bit disappointing, but I can't think of a better one."
"***SPOILER*** Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a very unique and depressing outlook on mankind’s future, but it keeps the reader attentive. Mankind has become industrialized. Clones of identical humans are made in factories, which are then broken up into different castes, or basically classes determined by the embryos strength. Embryos are produced in factories, they go through fertilization on conveyor belts and are completely made and looked after by man made machines with no sense of any traditional parenting. People blush at the word “parent” because it is an inappropriate and dirty thought to have parents. The main message of the book is that stability is the key to a successful civilization. My attention was immediately grabbed just by the wondering thoughts in my head, can this actually ever happen in the future? In the beginning, I had a very difficult time adjusting to the book. The book opens up in a Conditioning Centre where you are quickly introduced to the director and the ways of the “World State”.  The World State is the new organized and industrialized world, while the normal people with actual parents live on a Savage Reservation. The book quick immediately introduces the castes: Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta and Epsilon. These castes are the social classes with Alpha being the highest and Epsilon the lowest. The Hatchery, or baby-making factory, produces the different classes; they make the Alphas the smartest and biggest by giving them the best genes and nutrients. This whole concept is presented to the reader in the first chapter. The book starts out very fast and difficult to understand and takes some time to get used to. Once the reader catches onto the lingo and how things are done in the World State, it is a unique and interesting book. The book brings on a very interesting perspective because today’s norms and unwritten rules in reality are thought of to be sins in Brave New World. Things as simple as talking about parents are thought of being pornographic. Kissing or having sexual relations can get people banned from the World State and sent to the Savage Reservation. Books are banned from the land expect for a couple individuals such as Mustapha Mond who hide Bibles and poetry collections in secret. Bernard even catches himself in deep trouble when he is talking to the director and reveals too much about his personal life. Revealing too much about your own personal life can get you sent to the Savage Reservation or “the other place”. Drugs and alcohol are completely forbidden, yet there is a substance called “soma”. Soma is reference a lot throughout the book and has a lot of similar effects of drugs. It is crazy how everyday things in our lives today are banned and forbidden in the World State. Brave New World explains an important life lesson to the reader as well. It instructs you to be who you are no matter what and to be proud of who you are.. At the end of the book John, who is considered a savage because he is naturally born by his parents, commits suicide. John kills himself because his actions with Lenina, the girl he is attracted to, and other social stresses, such as being considered a savage. These taught me the life lesson that no matter what, life goes on and to never even contemplate suicide. Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. No matter how rough life gets, suicide is not the answer. John made the wrong decision when he took his own life in his lighthouse. This life lesson really came across to me and impacted me as I finished the book. I enjoyed reading the book Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. There were multiple times I found myself glued to the book wanting to read more. The thing that made the book very interesting was its concept. If the reader thought about how crazy life in the World State is compared to what it is today, it could blow your mind. I recommend this book for any readers into futuristic plots and who want to be amazed at how crazy life could be in the future."
I read this book years ago and re-reading I found so much more about it than when I was younger what a great writer he was such insights all those years ago to be honest the only thing i could really remember was the soma..
Read this thirty years ago and just re-read for fun. It's still a classic futuristic fictional story but looking more and more like real everyday life.
It was good to read for a second time.  Required reading 1st year in college. great after being out of school 50 years.
I liked the concepts but felt the main themes got lost at points. I also had to look up what the ending meant...
"Interesting premise, not sure how I feel about the story or the main characters. For 1937 the author had a pretty good grasp on human nature and psychology."
"I re-read this novel as part of my recent dive back into Dystopian novels, brought on by the Hunger Games and following novels.  The subject will always be fascinating in the writers'  attempts to forewarn our futures, if we don't change.  Aldous Huxley was predicting events accurately: babies being ""decanted"" from bottles, rather than being born; chemical control of the populous; the loss of privacy...many events that have come to pass in the modern world.  Written in 1931, published in 1932, this novel is always in the top 100 of all novels, usually near the top."
"Brave New WorldThe ‘Foreword’ explains why this novel was not rewritten to get rid of its faults: it could lose its merits! Aldous Huxley used the class-based society of England and projected it far into the future with modern references. Huxley imagined a sort of “scientific breeding” that seems to mock science. Dumping children to the care of lower class servants had a long history there, it is divorced from maternal care. [Does it work? Reports say this has a bad influence on children’s development.] The name of Pavlov is strangely missing from this novel. Huxley says the problem for totalitarian states is to make their subjects love their servitude. Too bad he didn’t live to see today’s conditioning by advertising and other behavior modifications (like cell phones which let Big Government hear and locate you). Huxley claimed a diminished political and economic freedom leads to sexual freedom, but offered no proof. Orwell’s “1984” handled this much better.Most of the book shows Huxley’s skill at an imagined future, a parody of the world of the 1920s (whose faults created the Great Depression). “Tracking” of students has been around for decades (their future is decided in kindergarten). Advertising sells everything from ordinary objects to candidates and political beliefs. Advertising creates “peer pressure”, people who believe and think as they are told. Many people are no longer skeptical of corporate advertising; this might be the result of their schooling. Whoever controls the media influences the thinking of most people. Almost everything in newspapers, radio, and television is controlled by advertising, and advertising is controlled by Big Corporations and the men who own it. They are the equivalent of the nobility of past centuries who controlled the lives of their serfs and servants.There are many echoes of real history in this clever story. Such as the surprise played on that Director by a long-lost relative (echoes of 19th century novels?). The office politics reflect unchanging human nature. But the ending chapters don’t ring true to me. Certainly notoriety affects people’s lives. The gawking of the ignorant and uninformed is always a problem for anyone in the news. Even if they are only show business performers! Huxley was correct in having an opiate that tranquilized people but damaged their health (alcohol or cigarettes or TV?). Who will heed this warning? The use of chemical food was another subtle satire; they knew then of those dangers. One thing missing is the Secret Police to force people into desired behavior patterns by constant surveillance (cell phones locate an individual). Orwell was more realistic about England and the world of 1948. He talked about the “hate of the week” used to control people’s minds and memories. Most people are never happy unless they have someone to hate. Does anyone remember the war scare in May 1994? Next month the murder of two unknown people was heavily advertised to make people forget about the more relevant threat of a possible nuclear war.Somebody said human designs for a ""happy world"" never take into account human frailties, so the plans never work out as planned. Milovan Djilas wrote ""The New Class"" to explain why this happens."
"Brave New WorldThe ‘Foreword’ explains why this novel was not rewritten to get rid of its faults: it could lose its merits! Aldous Huxley used the class-based society of England and projected it far into the future with modern references. Huxley imagined a sort of “scientific breeding” that seems to mock science. Dumping children to the care of lower class servants had a long history there, it is divorced from maternal care. [Does it work? Reports say this has a bad influence on children’s development.] The name of Pavlov is strangely missing from this novel. Huxley says the problem for totalitarian states is to make their subjects love their servitude. Too bad he didn’t live to see today’s conditioning by advertising and other behavior modifications (like cell phones which let Big Government hear and locate you). Huxley claimed a diminished political and economic freedom leads to sexual freedom, but offered no proof. Orwell’s “1984” handled this much better.Most of the book shows Huxley’s skill at an imagined future, a parody of the world of the 1920s (whose faults created the Great Depression). “Tracking” of students has been around for decades (their future is decided in kindergarten). Advertising sells everything from ordinary objects to candidates and political beliefs. Advertising creates “peer pressure”, people who believe and think as they are told. Many people are no longer skeptical of corporate advertising; this might be the result of their schooling. Whoever controls the media influences the thinking of most people. Almost everything in newspapers, radio, and television is controlled by advertising, and advertising is controlled by Big Corporations and the men who own it. They are the equivalent of the nobility of past centuries who controlled the lives of their serfs and servants.There are many echoes of real history in this clever story. Such as the surprise played on that Director by a long-lost relative (echoes of 19th century novels?). The office politics reflect unchanging human nature. But the ending chapters don’t ring true to me. Certainly notoriety affects people’s lives. The gawking of the ignorant and uninformed is always a problem for anyone in the news. Even if they are only show business performers! Huxley was correct in having an opiate that tranquilized people but damaged their health. Who will heed this warning? The use of chemical food was another subtle satire; they knew then of those dangers. One thing missing is the Secret Police to force people into desired behavior patterns by constant surveillance. Orwell was more realistic about England and the world of 1948. He talked about the “hate of the week” used to control people’s minds and memories. Most people are ever happy unless they have someone to hate. Does anyone remember the war scare in May 1994? Next month the murder of two unknown people was heavily advertised to make people forget about the more relevant threat of a possible nuclear war."
This is truly a classic.  I did find it disturbing as well as thought provoking.  I would recommend this book to anyone from adolescence upward.
The book took awhile to get to me but when it came it was in good shape with no markings. had to get it for school and it was a bizarre book but strangely interesting.
It was ok. Heard about it for years. Of a utopian society. I like how he justifies the need for it. The  society may incline towards that direction to sustain but not for a long time.
Deep meaningful frightening in its glimpse from the past to our present and beyond. Highly recommended as long as you are prepared to think about what this could mean.
"The ironic style of ""Brave New World"" will make you laugh out loud.  But the insights will give you a chill, but the kind of chill that is like a splash of cold water that wakes you.  It's amazing the insights in this book for our world today.  For ""Ford's"" sake, read this book.  :-)"
"The only good and interesting thing about this book is the vision of the future one person had in the 1930s. The way the writing is and how the sections are put together do not compliment the already lacking story. Also, the ending was just disappointing."
"This is my favorite book ever. reads like an entertaining fiction, but holds so much significance. Go ahead and get the ""Brave New World, and Brave New World: Revisited"" edition… you will want to read the whole thing,I cant stop re-reading this book, and I wrote a thesis paper on it. As classic as 1984, and yet more relevant"
I got this for my child for a class she had to have it for.  It was in great condition and good price.
"Can't believe that I hadn't read this book until now.  Hard to believe it was written so long ago, the dystopian vision it presents is still compelling!"
"Spoiler alert-if you can't hack it, just take the easy way out. I got the feeling Aldous got tired and just ended it. But I would recommend it. Lots to think about as deeply as you desire."
What is truly the Austrian economics of Lucerne and Denver Broncos. The state's attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Denver post on my blog. The latter is a close friend of the bottom line.
"While the first small part of book confused me when going quickly from person to person it all came into understanding quickly. While taking the life and control there of to an extreme is it really? Read and then think of life today and everything that goes on to help US and others live and cope. Maybe, just maybe."
"Reading Brave New World is a bit like looking down your own throat; chilling but you want to keep going. The futuristic world imagined by Huxley is unsettling on many levels, but equally as unsettling is how detailed and well constructed the world is. The malthusian belt... the scent organ... the hypnopaedia… Every aspect is so vivid that we are easily drawn deeper and deeper into an otherwise disturbing culture.This is what makes BNW powerful. On the surface, the ""Civilization"" seems far-fetched. But beneath the dystopian layer, the inverted values at the core of BNW are really values held today. Materialism and consumerism remain a big part of our world. Sex is treated more and more openly. And perhaps most importantly, we don't question things enough. In BNW, people don't have a choice, aren't capable of critical thinking. They are controlled and they don't seem to care. Are we also far too satisfied for our own good? Are we also willingly ignorant of authority above us? BNW is more than a fantasy, it is an awakening read."
Reading both this and 1984 give a great insight into thinking as to what the future holds as seen from the mid 1900's. In some ways they were correct but obviously technology has changed in ways that could not be imagined at that time.An interesting examination of how people can be impacted in not being truly part of the society in which they live. This relates not only to the Savage but to others who do not conform.
"By now everyone should know this isn't a ""feel good"" read. It will make you uncomfortable, it will make you think about society and where we could end up, long after you put the book down. Still, it's something that should be required reading for everyone."
"This is one of those old classics that everyone should read. Like 1984 and Fahrenheit 451, It gives us a glimpse of what the elitists thought of the future back when this was published. I gave it a 2 because I thought the ending was the author unable to come to a meaningful conclusion, so he just wrapped it up with a simple solution to his problem."
"I used to say that I didn't like dystopian literature. However, after falling in love with Fahrenheit 451: A Novel,1984 (Signet Classics), and The Handmaid's Tale, it's definitely time to re-think that stance. I decided to give ""Brave New World"" a try, as I'd been told it was the best of its genre. I'm so glad I did.I'm not quite sure what I imagined this book to be, but it was quite different from what I was expecting. The book primarily deals with the issue of genetic engineering and its applications to human population (given that it was published in 1932, well before the discovery of the shape of DNA, this is impressive). In modern-day London, human beings aren't born; they are decanted. Sperm and eggs are harvested from donors and then hundreds of clones - identical twins - are bred from each zygote formed. Each set of offspring is predestined for a specific purpose and will live and work in one of five levels. Alphas are the most intelligent, while Epsilons have been given poison so they will suffer from mental problems and will be happy in menial jobs.And that, in a nutshell, is what life is about in this brave new world - people being happy. Individuals are conditioned from infancy to accept others and to enjoy life and see death as merely an end, not something to be feared or even sad about. There is no such thing as a family, and while people form friendships, there are no permanent attachments made. If you're feeling down or blue, you are given something called ""soma"", which is essentially a drug that will either pick you up or send you off to a holiday (not unlike certain drugs) where you can escape from reality. Everyone has a job suited to his or her destiny, and everyone's day is jam-packed so there is no need for thought.Bernard is an Alpha Plus, and he's not completely happy with his life in Society. On a trip to the Reservation, where Civilization does not exist (there are strange things called mothers and fathers and babies are actually born there!), he and his girl-of-the-week, Lenina, come across a native named John who seems to know an awful lot about London. It turns out that John's mother, Linda, was from London and was on a holiday in the Reservation many years earlier when her companion disappeared on her, leaving her pregnant. Bernard brings John back to the capital with him, and while John is seen as a freak by many there, he has several lessons for Bernard - lessons that his rescuer may not be ready for.""Brave New World"" is dark and, in this day and age, frighteningly realistic. Are we close to creating hundreds of clones at a time? No. But the desire to always be busy, to always be happy, and to have no real consequences for our actions - that is, sadly, becoming a reality."
"To say this is a classic is to not give it justice. Huxley's tale of truth vs happiness, beauty vs civilization gives us all a reminder that pain is a part of what makes us human. To embrace our humanity we must embrace our individuality and the pain a solitude that inherently brings. I couldn't have enjoyed this book more. If you haven't read it please do ans learn from it."
"This book is just ok. The premise is, of course, purposely absurd to make the author's point. But that doesn't make it a good book. Perhaps I just don't appreciate the author's style."
"Despite the fact that there are some parts that are difficult to follow (if you get lost in the details that is), Huxley did an amazing job at highlighting very important facets of our current society and the almost impossible ability for people to change where we are headed due to our importance to convenience and choosing the path of least resistance, even more so through powerful governments. The masses will always remain sheep and will be lead by those who really have no concern and regard for them and even though these people in power do things that literally and psychologically affect their own kind.  But that's who we are as human beings; nobody conceives of any purpose for existence beyond the gratification of their own appetite."
"Excellent book and a very enjoyable and astute read.  Not a great story, but impressive insight and criticism by the author.  Since reading this I’ve seen articles talking about how prophetic Huxley was in this book (which actually reads more like a short story) and about how many of his predictions came true.  I completely disagree, but it doesn’t make his observations any less insightful or interesting."
"I respect the world and hierarchy that he created, but it felt like he didn't give the actual story that same attention. The comparison to 1984 is obvious, but in that book I completely bought in to the landscape and narrative. With Brave New World I just didn't feel that connection. It's a classic work, so maybe I just had my expectations too high."
"Still can't remember why I read this book three times. I guess I'm still trying to understand it. Was he on LSD? As I remember, we were all on LSD when the book came out, so that may be the reason we all read it. It's wonderfully written."
ahead of its time
"Extremely interesting, mildly disturbing dystopian future novel. In this story, the government has taken complete control of all aspects of life right down to reproduction. The determination to keep citizens immature and ""childlike"" offers a strange reflection of our own current global climate where critical thinking and evaluations are generally met harshly rather than prompting reasonable discourse in many situations."
"It was good in high school, and it was good 7 years later.  Although, I found that the social commentary made more sense and I was able to draw parallels to our own society, in the way you could draw them from ""a modest proposal.""  Good book, solid thought provoking ideals on Utopian society."
As promised
Classic
Great Book!
ok
The books were in great condition. A little writing in one of them; nothing too major. And I got them on time!
"Brave New World is a dystopian novel that depicts a world without families. It remind me of '1984' by George Orwell, but feels even uglier if that's possible. The leaders of this world encourage sexual promiscuity and discourage any ties that might make people question the way their world is run. It was just too sexual for me, and it made me feel like I needed a shower. I felt like the author may have been trying to show how an erosion of family and moral values could lead to this type of society, but I just did not enjoy reading it.("
"This is a fitting companion for ""1984"" amongst the genre of dystopian fiction. It's vaguely distressing how much similarity one can find to our own society in ""Brave New World,"" though admittedly only in bits and pieces (mostly in our culture's fascination with distraction). I should very much like to read ""Brave New World Revisited"" at a later time to see how Huxley himself reconciled his ideas to reality later in his own lifetime.On a character level, I found the book rather soulless, an exploration of ideas at the expense of people. But, seeing as that seems part and parcel of the book thematically, it doesn't seem right to fault it overmuch for it. I remember finding ""1984"" more personal than this, though; I remember finding myself more invested in the tragedy of Winston Smith than I was in that of Bernard Marx or John the Savage.If I were to give it a rating purely as a measure of my enjoyment, it would be three stars at best. However, given the strength of its ideas and, more disturbingly, their prescience, it earns four from me instead."
"The book is entertaining, well written and very interesting as a simple “study” of the concepts of happiness and freedom.  Extensive use of repetition of words and phrases sometimes seems to slow things down unnecessarily.  Given the quality of the writer this is obviously done intentionally but is lost on me."
"A tyranny much softer on the surface than that of Orwell's 1984.  Huxley envisions the engineering of classes, ranging from worker drones to top thinkers.  All content with their station in life because they were bred specifically for that purpose, with just the right level of intellect.  they are provided with what they need to function in their designed capacity and be happy in it.  If they do happen to have a little anxiety, they are encouraged to take a Soma and relax.The reader is also shown what would happen if someone were suddenly thrust into this system, rather than being engineered to fit into it.  This is something that has to evolve over generations.  Can you feel yourself evolving?  Relax.  Take a Soma.  Enjoy the book.  It is only make-believe, after all."
The book was okay for my own use but I won't be able to use it as I had originally planned to do.
"I always wanted to read this book.  I looked for it in the used book stores and never could find it.  I finally bought it from Amazon.  I feel that this book is relevant to today's world even though it was written in 1932.  The conditioning of the masses for consuming products and also the masses conditioned to want to produce for mass consumption.  I think that this book is a entertaining and thought provoking read, I believe that was the intended purpose of the author."
Read this book years ago in high school. Re-read it for a book club. Very interesting and well written.Way ahead of its time.
"Heard about it and thought I would try it, in lieu of the times we live in. I found it to be readable, interesting since it was written so long ago. He didn't anticipate the internet but got a lot of stuff right. The despair of society even with its specially bred people, makes the 'Savage' stand out and then he has despair too. It is catchy. I am glad I read it."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is definitely a different yet admirable take on humanities future. No more are the days of worshiping gods and marriage. Instead humans are created from surrogates and placed within a very strict caste system where it is near impossible to move up in the world. Religion and literature have been considered too old and removed from society while marriage and sexual reproduction are now uncomfortable and forbidden topics which were phased out. Almost the whole world seems content with this new community. However, there are some exceptions. One of the main protagonists, Bernard Max, despises his position in society and wishes to bring himself into the higher ranks and dispel the rumors about him completely. In a desperate ploy, he brings John, a Savage from a small Indian village, presumably untouched by the new caste system into the foil. This causes a chain of events that leads to a very emotional and disturbing conclusion. I personally liked this novel because it touched me on levels that I did not think could be evoked by the novel. You can tell that the author worked hard to make a convincing portrayal of a content society completely unaware of the world that came before. They are sometimes oblivious to emotions that we struggle with every day like love and loyalty. No more are the sexual frustrations that plague our society. Instead, the people drown themselves in the drug soma, completely incapable of dealing with their problems stemming from sex and morality. It was a very powerful read and would be interesting to those who love science fiction and reading about a society that we could draw many comparisons to our own. I do not have many gripes about this book and the ending was sad but by no means without emotion or impact. Brave New World is a great novel filled with emotional dilemmas and disturbing images that has stood the test of time, retaining its significance and ingenuity."
"People with no real feelings; the ability to reproduce without the pleasures of sex; having a drug that allows escape from reality. Not a world that we should strive for. However, the book is a classic and should be read."
"Although I haven't read this in a number of years, it is time to refresh. This is one of my all time favorite books, up there with 1984. A warning that is still relevant, as we inch closer & closer to the reality presented in this book. Scary-beautiful in a word or 2."
Tough read.  I had a difficult time with it.  I would reccomend Uglies rather than this difficult to get through book.
"If you like George Orwell's 1984, then you will love this book about a Utopia in the distant future and how they dehumanize people."
"I enjoyed the fast shipping and the book as a whole. The book was an interesting read, it grasped my attention throughout the entire read of the book. Thanks Aldous Huxley for providing me with an educational read as well an enjoyable read."
"Great first two thirds are a great story. The final third was too much for me. Some would say a good writer challenges the reader, but my morals and common sense distracted me from the message of social rejection."
I recieved it and am content. Though I wish it would have said in the description that there was some mild writing within the book.
"I bought a copy from textbookoverstock.When I got my book I was very happy with its condition, the only problem being that there were at least six visible stickers on the front, spine, and back.  I knew it would be a pain getting them off but I figured once they were gone I would have a great copy of Brave New World.  By the time I got all the stickers off I had discovered that there were no less than twelve stickers on the book all layered on top of one another.  In taking off the stickers, a layer of the spine peeled off and the back cover is sticky and covered in torn sticker paper residue.I buy a lot of video games so I'm used to having to deal with stickers, but when they're piled five or six high, it's impossible to get them off without ripping off their top layer and leaving just the shreds of paper and glue underneath that you have to peel off with your thumbnail in small chunks.  Almost the entire back half of the book is covered in this stuff.The book would have been good if it was bombarded with stickers.  The description did mention it may contain stickers, but the amount on the book was simply ridiculous.  As it is now, I'm very disappointed and frustrated with its condition."
"It arrived perfectly wrapped and in time. It was everything I expected and more, leather bound, with some pictures and superb page quality. Great for a library collection!"
"It is dated ideology, but a classic book.I would definitely recommend anyone to read it. Huxley comes off as if he is the upper class looking down, especially if u read the prolog"
Great seminal sci-fi novel with an interesting dystopian ideas. Pair it with Orwell's 1984 for a portrait of a dystopia from one of this author's contemporaries.
"At first this novel had began as any other dystopia novel would have...as I continued reading I had trouble finding the protagonist, nonetheless the plot was great and I loved the story; recommend that you stick with this book if you are having trouble getting through and just pick it up if you have nothing else to do."
"I read ""Brave New World"" for the first time as a High School reading assignment.  At the time it seemed a wonderful piece of science fiction literature.  Nothing about it seemed anything but fiction to me then.  I read the book again, a few years ago, because of a recommendation of the late Charles Colson during a discussion concerning our eroding post-Christian culture.  This time I came away thinking - ""maybe the book is more prophetic than fictionl.""  I  see the book as a glimpse of  what happens when man thinks he/she is god and re-engineers the culture. The books plot uses genetically altered humans and drugs to create man's utopian design.I guarantee you one thing....Aldous Huxley will get you thinking."
"This book was a fantastic read.  Has a lot to say about civilization and how we lose track of what really keeps us 'human'.It's funny, because I feel back in high school my teachers were always trying to get me to read a lot more classic literature, but I was too involved with just being a teenager to ever have time to read old books haha.  But now that I am out of school, and can't help but read some of the greats like A Brave New World, 1984, Don Quixote, and not think I was really missing out on some great stories."
"This book was a wonderful critique of society today. It had good use of sarcasm and satire. It had a slow start that took a bit of effort to get used to (how they live). It has  many great messages on life, religion and society. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is even just a little bit non-conformist and anyone who can understand and enjoy societal satire."
I bought this book for my fiance and she absolutely LOVES it!!!  She rants and raves about how great it is.  She has a hard time setting it down sometimes because she likes it so much.
"Why is it the need for some people utopian nature to control others, tell others what they will eat where they will go who they will marry what car they will have etc. utpians can't run their own life right."
"I wasn't sure what to expect with this book, but it has definitely left me thinking about the questions that it asks the reader about where society is going. Even more interesting today, considering it was written in the 30's."
I love the book. There are just too many errors in there to fully enjoy it. Mostly Typography and not spelling.
"I liked this book because it was a different way of thinking for how society would change in the future. Aldous made us look at the world through the eyes of someone who thought completely different than the people at that time. At the beginning the reader really finds out how different the society is.The people were conditioned to believe in whatever the head of the facility wanted them to know. No one thought on their own. They also would expose the embryos, in the test tubes, to chemicals so that in the future the people could work all types of jobs and have no job competition. There were five groups, Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons. The higher groups were Alphas and they had the best jobs and it went down from there. The main characters really started to develop how they thought differently than the normal. Lenina, the main character, was very pretty and got involved with an outcasted boy. He brought her to a savage city in New Mexico. There she met John. They soon fell in love and began to date. She brought him back to her city although he was very conservative compared to her. He would get depressed when he would look at her with lust and in the end hanged himself for that guilt. Lenina went into a coma and we never truly find out if she comes out. This book was similar to Romeo and Juliet because John only talked in Shakespearean language. Also the title is right out of Shakespeare's play. In the end this book was a very interesting read that opens up your mind to what could happen in the future."
"Aldous Huxley thoroughly deserves the title of one of the most prominent philosophical and literary voices of his time considering his most popular novel: Brave New World.Set in a dystopian but believable future, characters Lenina Crowne, Bernard Marx, John and many more explore a society where emotion and philosophy is all but nonexistent and humans are encouraged to live purely superficial and self-indulgent lives. Shockingly, even sex is reduced to a mere pastime, devoid of emotional influence.The novel is fraught with dark humor and satire. Characters are often revolted and terrified of the idea of having a family, unwilling to even consider loving another human being in such a way. The text becomes darker with each twist as it approaches the startling conclusion to a disturbingly- relevant tale even in modern times.Brave New World was written just after the 1920s, a period of rapid speculation, expenditure, and relaxation of moral code. It is apparent that Huxley was inspired by his nation's alarming shift in culture to put to paper his ideas of just how badly it could all go wrong.I highly reccomend this book to anyone searching for a sinister, thought-provoking take on a possible future for humanity."
"Having just finished reading Brave New World, I have now concluded what I am calling the Future Dystopian Trilogy.  Beginning with 1984, then on to Fahrenheit 451 and finishing with Huxley's visionary piece that was written almost two decades before the other two.  The time in which it was written is possibly the most extraordinary thing about Brave New World.  When I read 1984, I was thinking constantly that Orwell was some sort of prophet to have imagined his world in the late 1940's.  Now I can see that some of these ideas possibly were borrowed from Aldous Huxley's Utopian vision of the far future.  Which is funny because apparently Orwell accused Huxley of borrowing from a previously published book called ""We.""  And then he proceeds to write a similar novel of his own.  Oh how we humans do justify our actions.In Huxley's classic work, we have a sharp contrast to Orwell's book.  1984: oppression, misery, fear, war.  Brave New World: cleanliness, peace, ""happiness"", perfection. Gosh, Huxley's world seems much more a pleasant place to live now doesn't it?  Well I guess if one were going to compare the two, sure.  I suppose I'd rather live in this bright, shiny far future than I would in Orwell's ultra-bleak one.  At least I'd have a better chance of not being vaporized.  But Brave New World is bleak for totally different reasons and in some ways it's a far scarier vision of a foreseeable future for humanity.The book begins with a group of students taking a tour of an embryonic facility.  That is a place where humans are literally grown in bottles, tweaked, manipulated and otherwise conditioned to be the most perfect humans they can be.  The author wastes no time dumping information on you as an introduction into his world, but it is not a boring info-dump.  The way in which it's presented, with us learning at the same time as this group of students, was actually a fairly engrossing way to start the book.  The book quickly got its hooks in me and I found myself in awe of such a horrible idea and in awe that an author gave us this idea in 1932.  We learn that humans are created in certain castes; epsilons, gammas, deltas, betas and so on.  Each caste is designed for a specific purpose.  The lower the caste, the more remedial the work they are accustomed to.  In this world, nobody is complaining about their jobs because they wouldn'tknow how to do anything different and they wouldn't want to.  Nobody is striving to be better than they are because they are all already the best they are going to be and thanks to their conditioning, nobody can change that.  Now, even so, people are always inclined to question their environment and their superiors and think that the grass is always greener on the other side.  So how do you keep these people happy?  Drugs.  Lots of drugs.  Soma is a drug that they take on a regular basis, lest they find themselves depressed and the world they live in unbearable.  And when people are happy, they consume and consume.  Industry is another subject of Huxley’s satire in BNW.  In fact, instead of God, they worship Ford, the founder of the car company.  I’m not joking about that.So to propel this story forward, we need an odd-man-out, a stick in the spoke of the bicycle wheel.  That man is Bernard... kind of.  He's definitely an odd duck but he's not as well defined of a character as Winston in 1984.  But he has a lot of similarities.  He is miserable because he knows that what's happening around him is wrong.  He strives for something better.  He also chooses not to take his soma, which causes many irregularities in his personality, and garners unwanted attention from superiors and others.  But regardless of his unsavory reputation, he attracts the attention of a female co-worker named Lenina who wants to have a fling with him.  (In Brave New World, everyone belongs to everyone else, so there are no marriages or family or “relationships.”)  So they go on a vacation to New Mexico to be among the savages (the Native Americans) to witness their strange way of life in the reservation.  But there they meet someone unexpected.  John.  John was born of someone who came from the “new world” but he never lived there.  He was raised among the “savages” only ever hearing about the new world in stories told by his mother, and imagining it to be this amazing place.This is the point in the book that the narrative took a dramatic turn.  The primary protagonist became John, and Bernard just a side character.  Now, as John goes into the new world, he gets to see with his own eyes and learn that it’s not what he had imagined it to be.  What he thought to be amazing advancements, he learns are really great drawbacks.  With a head full of Shakespere (something entirely forbidden in the new world) and romantic ideas about the human race, he is destined only for disappointment.  As he goes to the Feelies, which are like movies but involve all of the senses, he realizes that art no longer has value or substance.  He questions how people could enjoy a movie with a stupidly simple plot that's called ""Helicopters.""  This isn't entirely unlike Mike Judge's satirical movie, Idiocracy.  Just replace John with Luke Wilson and ""Helicopters"" with the movie ""Ass.""At this point is where I believe the ideas of this book supercedes the story and characters.  The narrative has a strange flow to it and there is a lack of a central protagonist.  Rather there are three or perhaps even four characters that seem to jointly share that roll.  Bernard seemed like the key character but once John was introduced it was almost as if Huxley just thought, ""you know, I like John better, so I'm going to turn Bernard into an unsympathetic whiny brat who thinks too highly of himself for discovering John and make JOHN my new protagonist.""  I find it curious that John wasn't made to be the main character.  It seems the story would have been more compelling had it started with John, a white man living amongst the savages, who suffers all his life as an outcast.  He just wants to be among people that are like him.  He listens in awe about a world where everyone is equal and dreams to go there.  Then we could have been introduced to the new world from his eyes, experienced him reel in horror as he tours the embryonic facility.  We could experience the pains of this depraved world from someone that had expected so much better.  I feel it would have driven Huxley's message home on a whole new level and made for more compelling reading besides.But regardless of useless rewrites that take place in my head, I really did enjoy Brave New World.  It gives satire and commentary on a great number of issues, from mistreatment of Native Americans to the way our society did, and still does, emphasise mass industry.  Is it right to give a book an extra star just because it's considered ""old"" or a ""classic?""  I'm not sure, but it's happening here anyways.  What may only be a 2-3 star book as far as plot and story becomes a 4 star book for leaving an impact on me and making me look at our current society retrospectively.  Any of the 3 books that make up the future dystopian trilogy are highly recommended reads, and reading them all consecutively was quite an experience.  I think now, however, I'm ready for some light reading for a while.  Isn't Don Quixote supposed to be a quick and easy read?  Maybe I'll check that out next."
"No wonder its an instant classic. As a dystopian lover, I enjoyed this book very much and it is also very interesting to see how he ""predicted"" many of the problems of modern societies."
"A book of passion and plain white walls? Of hope in the smell of alcohol? Where the a man takes his mother has his wife. Is training has a duty.  His lack of knowledge as punishment, for the Gods he praises manifest in ways unknown."
"Great for discussions with my high school class. So many good topics to talk and to write about. Some of my students, although they won't admit it, enjoyed the book."
I had to read this for my English Comp class.  I liked it a lot.  I plan to purchase more books from Alduos Huxley soon.  This book makes you think and it shocked me to learn this book was written in 1932 and predicted the future rather well.
"A really incredible book that makes you really sit down and think about where we are going as a society.Much more thought provoking than 1984, it deals less with where the ""Government"" goes and does, and more with the society of where the government lives.Very thoughtful and well written."
"Aldous Huxley's BRAVE NEW WORLD is one of those books that should be read by every person at least once. Huxley's social satire / sci-fi /  anti-utopian horror story is as relevant today as the day it was first released (perhaps more so now). Blending social engineering, Pavlov-ian psychological conditioning, narcotic emotional control, mass-production, and the eradication of history, Huxley has created a world of peace, harmony, and order. All is well, save for the few oddballs who never quite fit in. They are the social misfits, unable to march in time to the synthetic music around them. Bernard Marx has no idea why he can't think / act as others do, he only knows that he's miserable. His friend Helmholtz feels as he does, but has no idea what, if anything, to do about it. Bernard's girlfriend (one of many, as ""everyone is for everyone"") can't figure Bernard out. Why can't he just take more Soma? Why is he such a drag? Enter John, otherwise known as THE SAVAGE. John is from a reservation of outcasts and Indians. He is introduced to the perfectly humming city of London by Bernard. His impact on ""civilization"" appears minimal. Unfortunately, its effect on John is enormous. BRAVE NEW WORLD stands as an indictment of de-humanizing government control, and social order over sanity. Perhaps every generation since the book first appeared has found it prescient. This is due to the story's power to celebrate the human spirit by showing what the world would look like without it. As desolate as 1984, only ""happier""..."
"I love this book as it seems uncomfortably possible. With the gross over population that the world now faces, the approach that rules in this Brave New World certainly seems to have merit - especially if one is an alpha of course. Well worth reading as you contemplate your own and the worlds future."
"This is an amazing look at a future that definitely could be possible, while being a reflection of our current so ail state.  To think how many years have passed since it's writing, I am humbled by the statement it makes.  Very worthy read."
It is a very handsome book. It is 'unread' and I will certainly keep it that way for posterity sake... Thank You
"This is one of my favorite books to date. Huxley paints a vastly different yet imaginable world which, as a member of western society one can certainly relate to. The book is filled with humor as well as tragedy, though in a more subtle fashion. Most enriching."
"I chose this rating because the book is not anything simlilar I usually read. My English teacher suggected the book to me. Although, it is at a higher reading level, I enjoyed the book's plot."
"A fascinating vision of a dystopian world in which stability and pleasure are the preeminent values, taking the place of truth, freedom, passion, and even love."
"This book is required reading, along with ""1984"", for anyone who cares to grasp the current state of affairs in the world today. The author either had inside information as to the path being taken in his time by both government and industry or he was psychic. Admittedly the scenario laid out in the book has not been manifested in the exact same way currently, but the forces at work, the strategies used and the perversion of ordinary common sense are all well under way. Ultimately the price we pay for what some call progress is far greater than most indiviuals are capable of comprehending."
"This is my husband's favorite book, and I promised him I would read it, but I can't say I enjoyed it. Is there supposed to be some insight here that we didn't already know of long ago? It's not that I don't get it, I do get it, but it didn't teach me anything and left me with a bad taste in my mouth."
"Couldn't finish it.  I bought it to read so that I could help my grandson with his book report, but just read the cliff notes instead.  He seemed to like it, though."
"Although Aldous Huxley was berated in his day for publishing what seemed to his contemporaries to be outlandish and exaggerated, over eight decades later, his predictions have quite nearly been fulfilled in science at least, if not in society.  It's so weird that ""soma,"" a drug he made up for his novel, is now an actual drug!  This book is a must read along with 1984, of course.  Buy used, because it's interesting to see what other people highlighted as important.  It's cheaper, too!"
Because of the wonderful things he does. Enjoy books where one of the main characters kills their self in the end.
"This classic has stood the test of time. Huxley gives us all a reminder of the importance of embracing our human imperfections, spending time in nature, reading great books, and respecting our differences. At the same time, he presents compelling characters in which we will see ourselves. If you haven't read this, or haven't read it for 30 years, read it now!  And unplug your babies and toddlers from all that mind-numbing technology!"
"This book is hard to put down. I believe it to be an essential read for anyone with an interest in thinking about the evolution of society, capitalism, love, sex, and the world we live in."
"""Brave New World"" is, of course, a brilliant book.  Written so many years ago and foreshadowing many issues to come.  It is, more than anyone realizes, a tribute to the values of individuality, of freedom, of selfhood, and of monogamy.  It is a voice in the wilderness crying out against conformity, consumerism, marching in lockstep, promiscuity, and drug-influenced bewilderment.Huxley created a world of genetic design, a world where the only goal is happiness, where there are no families, no marriage, no creativity, and no individuality.  It's a world where everyone belongs to everyone else and the common good is all that matters.  Mass production is important.  Romance, literature, religion have all been abolished.  Drown yourself in the drug soma, disposable clothes, free love, and sex hormone chewing gum. Yes, everyone is happy, but nothing matters anymore.  No one needs to have ideas.  No one needs to stand out.  If you don't fit in, you are exiled to some far off island.This book expressed concerns about how the world was changing, but it's not our world today.  Individuality, freedom, family still matter.  But the warning are there about even the most benevolent dictatorship."
"This book was probably one of the worst books I have ever read. I didn't enjoy it in any way and could not get into it. If you are looking to waste time with boredom, pick this book. Otherwise, don't waste your time."
Yes it was a good book. Thank you for fast shipping too!
"O wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world That has such people in't! -MirandaThe Tempest Act 5, scene 1, 181-184In a world where everyone knows their purpose and are alike in kind is being different a blessing or a curse?We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (very different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy"
"Perhaps the most surprising thing about Brave New World is that it reads like a modern book - there is very little that dates the book to being over 80 years old.  This is quite an achievement for a hard science fiction book, especially if you compare it to, say, early Heinlein written 20 years later.  The second thing that surprised me was the completeness and logic of the ""Utopia"" that Huxley created - there is no obvious flaw in its setup (even when the details are explained by the World Controller late in the book).  Huxley's remarkable society is this: test-tube babies are raised, genetically engineered, and conditioned to love their social position.  The most menial and repetitive work is done by the stunted, semi-moronic Epsilons, while intricate scientific lab work is done by Betas.  It is all supervised and trouble-shot by the highly intelligent and independent Alphas.  At the same time, however, all classes are brainwashed from birth to be happy consumers, to enjoy mundane recreations, and most importantly, to be happy all the time.  The last is helped by the eradication of disease, plentiful and effective birth control (and state-sponsored orgies), the mind-numbing drug called soma, and the elimination of economic insecurity.  The cost: the concomitant elimination of art, reading, and free thought.In contrast to the utopian society, there are a few ""natural reservations"" left in the world, containing mankind in his ""natural"" (pre-industrial) state.  Bernard and Lenina, two alphas, visit the reservation and discover John, whose parents were from society but who ended up being raised by the ""savages"" of the reserve.  Bringing John the Savage back to society with them, the book becomes a fish out of water tale of John trying to fit in, of Bernard exploiting him, and of Lenina trying to express her love for John in the only way she knows how, which is not compatible with John's upbringing.  Unfortunately, it is in this latter part of the book that the narrative gets bogged down - the reader is left to wonder what point Huxley is trying to make.  On the one hand, the Utopia has destroyed any real creativity, but on the other hand, John the Savage is trapped in a self-loathing, narcissistic world-view that make him wholly unlikeable.Perhaps that is part of Huxley's point - that the wholesale elimination of need is not desirable, but neither is there any truth to the concept of the Noble Savage.  Somewhere in between there lies a happy medium, and it's up to us, as a society, to find the proper balance.  At any rate, Brave New World is a thought-provoking book, one that leaves you to make your own conclusions, and one that reads as modern even 80 years after it was first published."
"Thought provoking and essentially on que with much of the western world reality. Everyday much the philosophy of the western mindset is laid bare to it core in this Brave New World. This book has revolutionary in my understanding. It has opened my eyes, in a sense, to seeing just how far gone ""civilization"" is. I read this in sequence to Neil Postman's book Amusing Ourselves To Death. This book has me wondering how Aldous could see so clearly into the future. I think the only feeling I can use to describe my feeling after reading this book is nausea.I would give 5 stars and feels as I should, but I decided allow Huxley 4. The reason is that his portrayal of religion, Christianity specifically, is the means of transcendence of man. But this is not biblical Christianity. It is a false portrayal and pit that most all the world has foolishly stumbled into. It is actually the opposite. It is understanding we are made of this creation and this is where we belong and will always belong. God is in heaven and is not of the creation nor in it. Yet He will one day come and dwell in it with those who have opened their eyes to reality and choose to love Him. The rest will be exterminated after righteous judgement of one of our own. A Jewish man named Jesus of Nazareth."
"Nothing wrong with the book. I bought it because so many people talk about it in the context of 1984... Well, I personally prefer 1984."
"good story, but the details about how automated and duplicated the world had become got tiresome."
"This is a classic, if you haven't read this book then you may not, now or ever, consider yourself an educated person.  Read this book, then take one look at the world around you.  He wrote this book not even a century ago, believing that the reality he described would be many, many centuries ahead of us...but it isn't....it's already coming.By Ford, we need to redesign our system."
"Brave New World, by Aldous HuxleyThe ‘Foreword’ explains why this novel was not rewritten to get rid of its faults: it could lose its merits! Aldous Huxley used the class-based society of England and projected it far into the future with modern references. Huxley imagined a sort of “scientific breeding” that seems to mock science. Dumping children to the care of lower class servants had a long history there, it is divorced from maternal care. [Does it work? Reports say this has a bad influence on children’s development.] The name of Pavlov is strangely missing from this novel. Huxley says the problem for totalitarian states is to make their subjects love their servitude. Too bad he didn’t live to see today’s conditioning by advertising and other behavior modifications (like cell phones which let Big Government hear and locate you). Huxley claimed a diminished political and economic freedom leads to sexual freedom, but offered no proof. Orwell’s “1984” handled this much better.Most of the book shows Huxley’s skill at an imagined future, a parody of the world of the 1920s (whose faults created the Great Depression). “Tracking” of students has been around for decades (their future is decided in kindergarten). Advertising sells everything from ordinary objects to candidates and political beliefs. Advertising creates “peer pressure”, people who believe and think as they are told. Many people are no longer skeptical of corporate advertising; this might be the result of their schooling. Whoever controls the media influences the thinking of most people. Almost everything in newspapers, radio, and television is controlled by advertising, and advertising is controlled by Big Corporations and the men who own it. They are the equivalent of the nobility of past centuries who controlled the lives of their serfs and servants.There are many echoes of real history in this clever story. Such as the surprise played on that Director by a long-lost relative (echoes of 19th century novels?). The office politics reflect unchanging human nature. But the ending chapters don’t ring true to me. Certainly notoriety affects people’s lives. The gawking of the ignorant and uninformed is always a problem for anyone in the news. Even if they are only show business performers! Huxley was correct in having an opiate that tranquilized people but damaged their health. Who will heed this warning? The use of chemical food was another subtle satire; they knew then of those dangers. One thing missing is the Secret Police to force people into desired behavior patterns by constant surveillance. Orwell was more realistic about England and the world of 1948. He talked about the “hate of the week” used to control people’s minds and memories. Most people are ever happy unless they have someone to hate. Does anyone remember the war scare in May 1994? Next month the murder of two unknown people was heavily advertised to make people forget about the more relevant threat of a possible nuclear war."
"I liked the social theory aspects of the story. However, I think Huxley wrote the Savage character as a little more puritanical than was needed. Just my opinion there."
"Thank you very much. Came on time. Came in pristine condition, as I paid for. Got a different cover, which was probably noted in the description had I read through it more carefully. But I only really care about the actual story so thank you! Going to start reading this today!"
"I don't know how I didn't read this before, but it was absolutely terrific. Depressing, fascinating, and scarily applicable today."
Every American should read this book and wake up to what is happening today.  The author was all too accurate in foreseeing trends.
Very exciting book goes fron hard core science fiction to out right psychological accounts that really can happen or have happen this diffidently has the old school appeal.  It was written in 1931.  Good stuff.
The book was extremely addictive and it's symbolism and analysis of utopian society created an interesting plot that kept me reading.
"There is more to the book than a new concept (back then) and the great debate (both implicit and explicit between an individual and society).Huxley clearly has the favourite side: he prefers the less controlled, more creative, artistic, bungling, chaotic, sentimental, contradictory, democratic, often wrong world as it existed say in the early 20th century and one that even exists now. The more mechanical world that is shown as the contrast is so hedonist, purposeless and without free will that despite it overcoming the evils of the current world, it appears repelling from the start.Yet, in multiple ways, the author ends up exhibiting the extreme, unsustainable viles of the current world as well and this is what makes the book a grand pleasure. The real world evils are not necessarily a victory for the dystopian world but more a reminder that there have to be better ways of existing than a society with so many pains, misconceived historical baggage (in beliefs, ways of living etc), conflicts and extreme ability to self-destruct.The world created is absolutely fascinating even after so many decades and advancements in technology. I would say that the Huxley conveyor belt is more realistic, futuristic, terrifying and abhorrent than the Orwellian 1984. The story takes superb unexpected turns even though there are parts in the middle where it does appear like the author had lost the purpose. All comes to a phenomenal climactic debate (almost a monologue on the justification of the futuristic society that ends up making equal points for both sides). The end is depressing, sudden and almost purposeless by today's standards but it still works.This is one of the books that should be read by anyone interested in existential questions, not just about the individual but society or even the world."
"I'm reading all the classics we were forced to read in school: 1984 (frighteningly familiar), Catcher in the Rye (awesome!), Lord of the Flies (sad), and so on.  Those are truly classics with relatable characters and stories worth telling.  Brave New World however is pure junk and it's hard to believe it's required reading at any level of school.Spoiler alert...Huxley's world is about the production of humans created purposefully with predetermined aptitudes, attitudes and behaviors through future sciences where as embryo's drugs are administered, as children behavior is encouraged or discouraged through pain and throughout their lives they live in a society that encourages non-committal relationships, promiscuous sex, taking drugs as an escape and the worship ""Ford"".  Few characters struggle with these things imposed on them and one might argue that's the point of the story however there is so little struggle that the point is lost on the reader making it a boring read.Not a story I would want my children to read.  Very disappointed."
"Depending on what you were doing in 1998, you may have watched the made-for-tv movie of Brave New World.  It was awful awful awful.But this book is fantastic. Until the NSA revelations I thought Huxley better predicted the future than George Orwell in 1984.  I think we are looking at more of a mix of the two novels going forward.  But to the writing itself: engaging, witty, and devastating.  The fact that it was written in 1931 and still stands as one of the best sci-fi novels (well, sci-fi combined with cultural commentary) of all time is a testament to its author."
This book is a beautiful exhibit of eugenics and the power of propaganda. While the savage was savage society was an greater evil.
"Hard to believe this book was written back in 1932. I didn't know there were such great books written back then.the vocabulary, writing prose etc was great. Finally a book that challenges the reader's intellect via advanced vocabulary.This writer does not talk down to the reader but effortlessly uses high level words to paint a frightening view of the future.A new years resolution was to read those great books I always heard about. I am excited to see the hype was well founded.  This book is a must read; nearly excellent. I think it serves as an introduction to Huxley's other works; which I will soon read!As a Latino who identifies with indigenous people I enjoyed seeing the Native Americans portrayed in a thoughtful manner.There is the prurient intrigues; the inter racial teasing to stimulate the passions; but that was the very purpose. I will never drink or eat to excess again w/out questioning its futility. Enjoy and experience every day; that is the real lesson of this book."
"I found Aldous Huxley's novel about a futuristic dystopian world society intriguing. It really kept me interested and I particularly liked the Kindle version because of the X-ray feature allowing me to instantly look up information about characters without leaving the book. Some language was outdated but that maybe because the other was from a different era. I found the references to Ford amusing. If the book was written today, I wonder if the Ford references would be substituted for Gates or Jobs?"
One of my favorite books.Enjoyable. Creative. Even poetic. Best of all leaves the reader with a lot to think about!
"The book was acquired for a school project for one of my senior high children... Having pre-read the book, Huxley imagines a futuristic world where government controls all aspects of life, moral restraint has been eliminated and hedonistic pursuit is the fashionable existence. Sexual intimacy no longer exists and is simply a part of recreational activity where consequences are controlled and no one is to feel the weight of their actions. People use a socially acceptable mood-altering substance called ""soma"" to mask any remorse... and the beat goes on... and in some aspects, his writing is prophetic of society today..."
"Oh what a great read.  Though the picture is misleading, as I thought that would be the cover of the book, instead I got one of a baby outline on a white background so that kinda sucks.  So shame on the salesman for that.  But as far as the book goes, it's an awesome read,."
"This review is for the Kindle edition ebook.A life without suffering, crime, or choices. A utopia for many, a prison for a few.Life in the future could be very different from what we know today. Must pain, suffering, and struggles continue, or could they be eliminated for the majority of people? In this book, the author gives a glimpse of what life would like without choice or suffering. It is also a glimpse of genetic engineering and psychological brain-washing can accomplish.I liked this book. It almost gives the reader future glimpses of the world. When written, the genetic modifications and engineering we see today did not exist. In today's world, some of what is shown is actually possible. While a world without pain, suffering, and war would be a goal for some, perhaps without those things, humans could not become the unique beings we are today. I found some of the discussion too lengthy and repeated too many times.Through the eyes of the Savage, Aldous Huxley gives the reader a glimpse of what the future could hold. Perhaps our politicians should read this book, to avoid the pitfalls of Brave New World. The thought of a world without choice is a scary thought to this reader.Science Fiction and Dystopian readers will enjoy this book. The comparison of this and some of the other great classics of science fiction will give readers food for thought. I will be looking at this authors other books myself."
"Really vivid imagination. I can almost see the world Aldous Huxley is explaining happening in our worlds. Some will see the book as a bad read, but you have to be able to understand what the writer is trying to show us about where we are heading as human beings."
"What a great book. I was made to read it in philiosophy, but I really enjoyed it a lot. Aldous Huxley was way ahead of his time. Definitely a good read."
"As one of the dysopian literature pieces we examined in eleventh grade, I found this work to be interesting and relevant to our modern times. Between the globalistic caste structure and the authoritarian control over the citizens this book launches you into a world that suggests a possible outcome of the future. A future that is frightening and forces one to rethink what we consider moral and acceptable in our society."
"Huxley has some challenging ideas in there of a civilization on the brink of a new age.  It introduces us in turn to two protagonists, each different from the other.  It stirs one to thought of where people could be headed, the new age affects of drugs, and how those people being left behind react.I would recommend this product along with Sirens of Morning Light by Benjamin Anderson, a quest for a man in Iowa to regain his identity, which becomes entangled with people who claim to have known him when he discovers he is a scientific experiment.  Make sure not to miss either book."
"Good book, very apropos to globalization and consumerism. Huxley has good insights into society. Its a very anti-moralist sentiment he portrays in his model of a full control model society. Neo-pavlovian conditioning parallels mindless social engineering of contemporary methods. Highly recommend the Reed. Society simply for society's sake"
"Indeed, the description on BNW's sequel, BNW-Revisited, described Huxley's predictions in BNW as ""people were trading their freedom and individualism in exchange for the illusory comfort of sensory pleasure"".What better way to describe the insane society in Huxley's BNW?!And how disconcerting are the similarities between Huxley's society and what our society has become. So many are more informed about who is pulling ahead on ""Dancing with the Stars"" than they are about detrimental political and cultural ideologies that are being incrementally introduced.Until one day, we shall wake up and discover we have traded all our individualism and personal liberty away for the promise of comfort and pleasure. And if the ""social contract"" crowd is correct, no one will think it a strange thing, because that is simply ""how its always been"",The real genius behind our society is that it is taking away our freedoms with a potent concoction of elements from Huxley's BNW and Orwell's 1984. Our leaders are pulling the best plays from both playbooks. They have shifted our brains into neutral with television and video games, per Huxley, and now with all the monitoring the NSA is doing, you are seeing aspects of Orwell's vision manifest.  You can say many things about our government, but you cannot say they are dumb. They are dumbing us down. They are addicting us to the comforts and entertainment civilized society affords. They are perpetuating outside threats with the empty promise of security if we but forfeit a few liberties and all our individualism. We are being anesthetized with anti-depressants and other pharmaceuticals. And ordinary citizens are now being monitored as potential threats.And if you really want an eye-opening experience. Read BNW, noting all the genetic experiments that take place in the book, and then do a web search on subjects like ""transhumanism"" and ""the singularity"".The beauty of BNW is that Huxley introduces a character whose existence is organic, isolated from and untouched by the society of non-liberty and sensory pleasure. The culture shock he experiences, and his futile attempts to acclimate, are interesting. It is a snapshot of what happens to a human soul when, instead of imposing tyrannical control mechanisms in increments the way our government does, you slam him with it in one fatal punch.We will soon be living in a world disconcertingly similar to BNW. Best to read this book so we can be ready for when it comes."
Trying to decide if Huxley was brilliant or completely and totally insane.Wall-E is a similar tail -except it has a positive ending?Our society is so heading this direction.
"Brave New World is one of the best science-fiction books ever written... I bought it at least 7 times, usually because I lend it and never see it back haha"
This is perhaps my favorite dystopian novel of all time. Some of the science that Huxley makes up for this novel seems strangely close to current science and there seems to be similarities in the way our society is going as well. I read this way back in my college days and this has stood up from that time as one of my favorite books.
"Though a lot of people wouldn't know it,  Aldous Huxley actually taught George Orwell way back when! And though the books may be similar in a generic way... They do in fact, have their differences. I'll admit, Brave New World is a bit more of an easier and funner read while 1984 is much  more serious and longer... Not to mention just difficult in general.Though I love both books! So try them out!"
"Unfortunately man is gravitating towards the comforts of life and things like suffering, sacrifice, pain,bullying and Offense are being outlawed day by day until all possible threats are removed for the sake of fairness and safety."
"BNW is quite simply the best Dystopic work ever written. If you read it with care you will likely develop the sense that we are in the process of creating BNW and nothing can be done to put it off. But, let not your heart be troubled, BNW is still in the distant future.This is a great book and clearly worthy of the epithet ""Classic"".Enjoy!"
Very good.It teaches us how to get along with other people and we learn about coexisting with other people.
I have read all of Rand's books. They carry an even stronger message of contrast between capitalism and socialism. Apparantly Obama stops with Brave New World.
A twist on reality. A could-be situation...a must read for any person interested in a mental escape that pushes the limits of fiction.
"While an important work, and written before Orwell's 1984 (Huxley was Orwell's mentor or professor or something), Brave New World pales in comparison to 1984 the way a Star Trek or Doctor Who episode would pale in comparison to an Alan Moore graphic novel. Huxley's is a Utopia which deals with the human condition and the engineering of a society via eugenics and behavioral conditioning, all the rage in the 30s. Orwell's 1984, however, is a Dystopia and asks more challenging questions such as does language make reality or does reality make language, are our memories our own and can they be trusted, and can a government control our innermost thoughts. So a quick summary: Huxley's Brave New World is indeed important in not only the science fiction but also the social criticism canons, but should be read before reading Orwell, or you'll just think its fluff, and really, it's not fluff, just not as gritty as Orwell."
"While reading this I was more often than not in a state of confusion. I wasn't ever entirely sure what was going on or if I understood what was happening. Now that I've had a bit of time to reflect and think about it, the only thing I know of for sure is this book is about sex. They live in a world where everyone is basically a test tube baby and they are encouraged to become sexual but also to be happy and content. There are different classes of people and unless you are an Alpha, then you are part of many identical twins. Each group of babies goes through training as children with what not to like and what to enjoy.<b>""If one's different, one's bound to be lonely.""</b>This primarily follows Bernard and Lenina. Bernard is not happy with how he is living his life. Lenina loves her life. They go on a trip together to New Mexico to the reservation. There they meet a savage, John, and his mother, Linda. Since Bernard and Lenina are basically test tube babies, they find the whole concept of mothers weird and inappropriate. Due to random circumstances, they take John and Linda back to their city and shenanigans happen.Having finally read this, I now see what the hype is about. It takes a fairly accurate look on what could happen in our own society depending on the choices we make. In this world, things are structured while still giving the people the things that they constantly desire (basically sex and drugs). I wouldn't say that I absolutely love it since I was confused during most of it. It was still very well written and definitely a unique concept I have yet to read about before. I'll probably read more of Huxley's stories since I did overall enjoy this one."
"This was one of my favorite books from high school, and after rereading it as an adult, I can say I still feel that way. Such an interesting concept, and great characters."
"It is said Huxley wrote BNW 650 years into the future. In the secular West, could it become reality in the next 100 years?"
"Book was obviously used, but it was wonderful. It had no markings and little wear to the binding. The story is very well and enjoyable. I read it for school and would read it again for pleasure. The copy was wonderful just like all the books I've received from this seller."
"Have heard bout this book for a long time. Finally read it. I can see some parallels with where we are going today, but I struggle to see how we could ever really get to this.The book leaves me with much to think about and converse on.The final chapter would make for a good episode of today's reality TV."
"The book they sent me did not have the same cover as the picture, that being the reason I bought from this company. Also, the book was dented and ripped; it looked as if it had been run over a couple of times."
Incredible how Huxley predicted the societal issues we will face with genetic engineering and biotechnology.It's quite conceivable that economic stratification will be replaced by genetic stratification as Huxley puts forth.I believe it's a must read for all high school students.
"Brave New World, written in 1931, is incredibly prophetic beginning with its description of human life created in a lab. No doubt it had seemed like a radical idea at the time, but less than fifty years later the first human would be conceived in a test tube within a sterile environment similar to one Huxley described. It’s a process known as IVF (In Vitro Fertilization), and it has fulfilled the dreams of many couples who couldn’t conceive naturally. With IVF, conception occurs outside the womb with the fertilized egg being returned to the mother’s uterus to develop as nature intended. I applaud science for finding a way to bring hope to couples who have had trouble conceiving, but I hope I don’t live to see a world where a BOKANOVSKY type process comes to fruition.Huxley’s novel takes the process to a terrifying level with its Hatchery and Conditioning center.First Sentence: “A squat grey building of only thirty-four stories. Over the main entrance the words, CENTRAL LONDON HATCHERY AND CONDITIONING CENTRE, and in a shield, the World State's motto, COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, STABILITY.”The centre is a place where humans are artificially conceived and bottled in jars for the duration of gestation. Many are preselected at conception for a lower class, a process known as “bokanovskification”, where they are treated like a commodity and mass produced in an assembly line of sorts, subjected to substandard environmental conditions at the embryonic stage to cause arrested development in mental and physical acuity, and conditioned via Pavlovian methods after “birth” to be suited and satisfied with their position in life.Because of this, the family structure no longer exists. “Parent” is a foreign concept along with all the emotional ties of that familial bond. If you are a parent, think of the first time you heard your child say “Mama” or “Dada.” For me, it is one of the most beautiful words in the human language because of the depth of emotion and protective instinct that is tied to it. It stirs up feelings in me that I cannot even begin to put into words.By artificially controlling the natural development of humans, we lose everything that makes each of us unique and suppress the potential for great ideas and innovation. By disallowing natural bonds to form like parent/child, husband/wife, we destroy the concepts of unconditional love, loyalty, and devotion.In the book, the leaders of society have created a utopia where everyone is content. A person’s purpose is manufactured through conditioning for the benefit of the community. Even a person’s emotions can be manufactured by popping a pill called Soma if they are depressed or having a VPS (Violent Passion Surrogate) treatment to stimulate the adrenals.“What you need,” the Savage went on, “is something with tears for a change. Nothing costs enough here.Exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that fortune, death and danger, even for an eggshell. Isn’t there something in that?” he asked, looking up at Mustapha Mond. “Quite apart from God—though of course God would be a reason for it. Isn’t there something in living dangerously?”“There’s a great deal in it,” the Controller replied. “Men and women must have their adrenals stimulated from time to time.”“What?” questioned the Savage, uncomprehending.“It’s one of the conditions of perfect health. That’s why we’ve made the V.P.S. treatments compulsory.”“V.P.S.?”“Violent Passion Surrogate. Regularly once a month. We flood the whole system with adrenin. It’s the complete physiological equivalent of fear and rage. All the tonic effects of murdering Desdemona and being murdered by Othello, without any of the inconveniences.”“But I like the inconveniences.”“We don’t,” said the Controller. “We prefer to do things comfortably.”“But I don’t want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin.”It’s frightening how prophetic this book is when you think about it. Don’t think so? Let’s name a few mood altering drugs on the market today: Zoloft, Xanax, and Prozac. They’re really not too different from Soma, are they? I haven’t taken any of them, but I’ve heard acquaintances rave about how wonderful they are because they don’t worry about anything. They are just so happy, albeit a “manufactured” happy. What about adrenal stimulation? Video games, anyone? Especially combat games where the threat of death is simulated. The same can be said of horror or action movies.These things may seem innocuous. After all, anti-depressants aid individuals suffering from depression, video games improve hand-eye coordination, reaction time and decision making, and movies create empathy; but when we partake in such large doses and they prevent us from dealing with reality, it becomes an issue.Yes, Huxley’s Brave New World is frightening indeed, and when I think of the state of morality as displayed by many celebrities, people on reality TV, and society in general, I wonder how far we are from it, really."
"I have only rated 3 books at 1 star. This one, 1984, and The Time Machine. So its safe to say I hate the vision of the future by outdated authors, except Ray Bradbury since i liked The Martian Chronicles. This book is incredibly boring to me. I barely got through it. The writing itself is excruciating. The word ""repeated"" is used in this book more than any other book I've read, because everything is repeated to the point where it drives you crazy. Like, He's coming! He's coming? He's coming! Or, Ford! Ford! Ford! Orgy porgy! Orgy porgy! Orgy porgy! Even using an elevator is a chore to read. To the roof. To the roof? To the roof. He steps into the elevator... To the roof. Good grief! I cannot stand this style of writing. I feel sorry for kids who are forced to read this in school. Like 1984, the world is completely unrealistic and in no way reflects a society that could actually happen. I'm sure the book worked a long time ago when people had no clue what the future was going to be. I think it gets high ratings just because of its past popularity so people automatically accept it and rate it highly. I need a book to actually entertain me and can care less what the 1930s crowd thought of it. This book stunk."
"Theres not much more to say other than you need to read this. Besides its amazing entertainment value, it makes a great case for our modern condition of overstimulation as a numbing agent to life."
"Some books are so great you want to re-read them. This one was so great I want to re-write it.I love this book because it is truthful. It exaggerates familiar pieces of the present to the point of Dystopia. But the Dystopia of Brave New World is not exact. It is a try at a Utopia (and aren't they all?) One cannot say for sure if the life of Brave New World is less favorable than the life of the modern world, but certainly the idea of this Brave New World will stick with you for a long time."
"This product came earlier than expected for one; (gave me 3 A's in my first period). Came in great quality and is a wonderful book portraying the negative affects scientific progress. ""Maybe this world is another planet's hell"""
"I read this story on my own, rather than as a school assignment, since this was supposed to be one of the classics.  I found it rather disappointing.The story is, of course, about a society where people are cloned and mass-produced, and it is in fact a great shame to be parents.  Society is rigidly structures, with some people who are geniuses and others who are deliberately brain-damaged so that they'd be happy doing simple, boring work.  People are free-in fact are required-to be sexually promiscuous.  ""Soma"" is a drug used to give people pleasure as required, and while God is no longer worshiped, Henry Ford, inventor if the automobile, is-though everyone uses helicopters for transport.  Old-type human cultures still exist, but placed in segregated areas away from everyone else.  John, the protagonist who is known as ""the Savage"", comes from one such place, not fitting in with it, and is forced to travel to see the rest of society. But some people don't fit into regular society either-and they are forced to live upon islands, in lieu of a lethal chamber.  In other world, the world is a Utopia-but with no social change.So what went wrong?  Even the author admits in an afterword that the society John came from is no better than the soulless Utopia, and he did not offer a description of what a truly better world would be.  Also, the characters are deliberately unrealistic for the sake of laughs-but the story is hardly funny.  There were plenty of other, lesser-known stories from that era which described similar societies-but then they describe how such societies break down and the inhabitants are completely helpless to solve their problems.  But that idea never appears in this story, which I find ultimately spoils it."
"There are essential dystopias that everyone should read, each with its own lesson.  1984, about the dangers of fascism and repressive control.  The Handmaid's Tale, an examination of gender oppression and Christian fanaticism carried to the extreme.  Harrison Bergeron, for the tyranny of forced equality.  And Brave New World, which is arguably our most likely dystopian outcome here in the US.The difference between this book and 1984 is ultimately subtle, though that difference becomes a real chasm in practice.  In 1984, you're not allowed to think.  In Brave New World, you're not required to.  No books, no challenges.  The rebels don't even understand how or why they're rebelling, and their own rebellion horrifies them.When I first read this book in high school, I thought it was stupid and a little embarrassing.  I didn't want to sit in my English class discussing orgy-porgy with the captain of the football team, you know?  And since I was a bright kid, who'd been praised all her life (by adults) for being a bright kid, the idea that an entire society could completely reject everything that made me, personally, special was unthinkable.  Two things stuck with me, though.  One was a fellow student, a popular girl, asking openly in class what would be SO BAD about that system?  The other was a teacher's question, at the bottom of the final paper I'd written about the utter improbability of that kind of anti-intellectualism taking hold: ""Adults praise you, but how have your peers treated you?""Years later, I caught a reference to the book in a Neil Postman essay, and reread it, amazed to find that the fairly straightforward story I'd dismissed had layers of nuance, rebellion and control I'd completely missed as a teen.  It has become, and remains, one of my favorite books (though it's not a *fun* read, it's a *good* read).One of the greatest disservices done to this book is the forced teaching of it in high school classrooms.  If you read it once and hated it, or weren't particularly impressed, read it again, as an adult immersed in the culture defined by corporate personhood, anti-intellectualism, and Facebook's open stance of 'you are not the customer, you are the product.'A good dystopian novel is written so that you can see, with little extrapolation, how your own world could get there.  It makes me sad and a little afraid to say that Huxley's work becomes both a better dystopia and less speculative every year."
I read this book a very long time ago.  It impressed me and scared me to think that something like this could ever come about.  I'm revisiting some of my favorite classics and encouraging folks to re-read them because the message is still relevant today!
"Although written in the 1930's , it still has a futuristic feel, surprising as then the modern gadgets, tablets, PC's did not exist.A thought provoking tome indeed, Worth Reading by today's youngsters."
"There were parts of Brave New World that I had difficulty taking seriously, almost to the point of finding them quite humorous. The social gatherings called feelys, for instance, with the music, lights, aromas and drug use reminded me of a Pink Floyd concert. In fact, most of the story simply seemed to be centered on a futuristic society based on sex, drugs, and rock-n-roll and inspired by the love-ins from the 1960s. But Aldous Huxley wrote the novel in 1932, which should bring him the respect and admiration he deserves.Much like George Orwell, a student of Huxley, and his classic novel 1984, the author examines the dangers of totalitarian collectivism and the elimination of individualism. Whereas 1984 is about controlling society through fear and constant surveillance, Brave New World is about controlling society through social engineering, biological manipulation, behavioral conditioning, and drug addiction.The main plot revolves around a young white man brought up by “savages”, descendants of Native American Indians who have lived in reservations outside the engineered society of the rest of the world, and his reintroduction into that society that he refers to as the “Brave New World”. Symbolically, I couldn’t help thinking that this facet of the novel was Huxley showing sympathy for the more spiritual Native Americans and their destruction at the hands of western society interested more in industry, production, and consumption.I did not find Brave New World near as disturbing as 1984 but was disappointed with perceived plot disconnects where the people behaved contradictory to the conditioning that had apparently been successful for centuries. One example of this is when a group of party attendees become overly frustrated and demeaning due to a change to the agenda of the party.Huxley admirably exalts liberty and freedom in parts of the novel, but his religious convictions are hard to gauge. He reveals his strong cynicism of friendship in Chapter 12 when he wrote “One of the principle functions of a friend is to suffer (in a milder and symbolic form) the punishments we should like, but are unable, to inflict on our enemies.”The other quote I will point out as encompassing a great deal of the theme is from Chapter 16 where he wrote “Our Ford himself did a great deal to shift the emphasis from truth and beauty to comfort and happiness. Mass production demanded the shift. Universal happiness keeps the wheels steadily turning; truth and beauty can’t.”What was most frightening to me in Brave New World was the assignment of groups of test-tube babies, engineered from the same embryo, into social castes and given only the abilities necessary to perform certain tasks. Sometimes I believe there are powerful people in today’s society that might hold the same objectives as the “Controllers” in Brave New World. Furthermore, the technique of using hypnotic suggestion during sleep like in Brave New World is still being researched today. Anyone in favor of, or concerned about, the genetic engineering of humans, or who just wants to read a 20th century classic in the dystopian/totalitarianism genre, should read this book."
"We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist. This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time could not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (vary different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond."
good order but book sucked
"This book is fabulous, such a case and easy read. But the meaning of the text is much more in depth than the simple, on the surface meaning. I still only recommend this book to other who like How to Kill a Mockingbird and Lord of the Flies."
GREAT READ OPEN YOUR  MIND
Love
I thought this book was incredibly thought provoking. I was shocked when I flipped the book over when I finished it and discovered the publishing date. To think that these issues that are so relevant today were written about so long ago.
I enjoyed this book.
"This book is without a doubt the most boring thing I have ever read, There is 0 character development and I cannot force myself to finish the book, its that bad"
it is a text book needed for business major.
"O wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world That has such people in't! –MirandaThe Tempest Act 5, scene 1, 181–184In a world where everyone knows their purpose and are alike in kind is being different a blessing or a curse?We are treated to a glimpse of a possible future world where friendship can still exist.  This is a story of a hand full of individuals in a world that emphasizes ""Community, Identity, Stability"" that find each other and discus subjects that most of the people of that time cold not understand. However we do. Naturally the author Aldous Huxley builds his own scenarios and draws his own conclusions through the characters speeches and description of experimental history.Bernard Marx who is about to lose his job because he is different (very different) form those around him, decides to take a vacation to visit the Zuni's. There he meets a misplaced person named John. Together with the help of Bernard's friend Henry they intend to change the world. So they find out the world is incapable of changing.We get an Ayn Rand type speech from Mustapha Mond one of the world controllers' that helps you realize that in this brave new world the three friends are the anomaly. How can this enigma be solved?Do not forget to watch the 1998 movie version with Leonard Nimoy as Mustapha Mond. Brave New World Starring: Peter Gallagher, Leonard Nimoy"
"I finished this book days ago and it is still with me and I'm still thinking about it. Brave New World is definitely not an easy read nor is it a ""feel good book"" that ends happily ever after. When I usually read a book, I connect with at least one character, but I did not have an attachment to any of the characters in this book. However, I did connect with what they said and how they said it.I definitely think that Brave New World is something that everyone should read. The themes and topics addressed throughout the book are as relevant now as they were back in the 1930s when Huxley wrote it."
"Wow, this was published the year my mom was born. A frend told me that this was written as a parody to somthing HG Wells had written Having read 1984 years ago I just never got around to this.This strikes home today as it feels as if the government is ever overreaching into our lives and taking away our choices to succeed or fail based on our own efforts.  I guess this was the novel fortells of the great nanny state that will provide for all."
"Sometimes it's a disappointment to read again a novel one has read in one's youth. Not so with this one. The world has changed and it's not now how Huxley saw it in this novel, but it's his work and it is a novel. He had the licence to write it as he did, and the work  remains an astonishing piece of (not too unreal) fiction. I especially appreciated the author's foreword written some fifteen years after  first published in 1931, and to me it remains a work of literary art."
"Certainly worth reading, but with ALL of the choices in dystopian novels, the age is showing on this classic novel."
"This book was written in 1931. Most of the technology in this book was either very new or just prophecy when he wrote it. Some folks say he missed the internet. I disagree. I believe his dystopia was way beyond the point of allowing the people to have access to any information. They weren't even allowed to read Shakespeare! ""O brave new world that has such people in it."" I read it for the first time in high school 38 years ago. I realized then our culture was already showing striking similarities to Huxley's future civilization. Now, reading it again almost 40 years later, it is amazing how much closer we are to becoming what he envisioned.Test tube babies, Octomoms, advertising, Xanax, Prozac, Viagra, reality shows, ruling elite alphas, education dictated by the state from cradle to adulthood, anyone? I'm with the Savage. ""But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness, I want sin."" This is a science fiction classic and teaches the lesson that technology and utopian dreams can help us as well as harm us."
"Prophecy?I first read BNW in 1966 during spring of my college freshman year.  I enjoyed the book and assumed it was merely imaginative science fiction.  Perhaps Huxley was a visionary, a prophet, or just imaginative, but in any event, he was an outstanding writer.Government control of the mainstream media, socialized medicine, a vast, bloated, impersonal, socialist bureaucracy, ""community, identity, stability""... I wonder if we're approaching something like BNW, but there's nothing brave about a new world without liberty!I highly recommend this book! Brave New World"
"Brave New World is very interesting, yet very astounding. It takes place in a futuristic society that completely contradicts society today. Its basically a world filled with technological advancements that are used to maintain a high rate of consumption in society. People cannot read or do anything leisurely because it impedes them from consuming materialistic goods, leading to a less sturdy economy. This world is essentially stabilized by a robust economy where everyone keeps buying new things and can never keep and reuse the things they already have once they get old and worn, such as clothes. There are no families in the book and there is no sexual reproduction. Instead, embryos are incubated in bottles in a laboratory and eventually get decanted from there, instead of being born from a mother's body. Embryos are classified into 5 castes, which are Alpha, Beta, Delta, Gamma, and Epsilon. Basically, the Alphas and the Betas grow up to be the most intellectual and hardworking, while the Gammas, Deltas, and Betas are the less intellectual and are portrayed as pretty much useless. Babies are born into a certain caste and have to learn to be happy with who they are. What is even more scary is that some of the castes, specifically the Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons, undergo a process called Bokanovsky's process, where the embryo's bud, meaning they constantly divide to form pairs of identical twins. This process keeps on going until thousands of individuals are produced from a single ovary. Then all these individuals grow up and start to work in factories at a young age, but they are designated to different jobs based on whatever caste they are. Its pretty amazing to think that this could even happy."
"A good book, telling how science can change the world for better or worst. Aldous Huxley is a great writter with many talents which are shown throughout this book."
"Overall, I enjoyed this book and it was a quick read.  This book does make you think about our current society and a near Godless world.  I did not care for the ending, and the introduction is far too detailed and padded.  Interesting read, but not something I would recommend as a must read."
"I enjoyed this novel more than 1984, though they encompass many similar ideas. In 1984 people are forced to be compliant with the establishment, but in Brave New World they choose to be."
This book was very interesting. I could not put it down.  I think I will read it again. Nice work.
"Aldous Huxley's science-fiction novel, Brave New World, is set in a futuristic consumer-based society where people are conditioned from a young age to believe and act in a certain conforming manner achieved through instilling subliminal messages in ones' sleep, also known as hypnopedia.  People are conditioned to be unable to find fault in their society and to always be happy with the class they've been put into by the world-wide dictatorship government known as the World State.  As a means of controlling people, the World State has done away with individuality.  People frown upon others who want to do things on their own and not contribute to the society, and individuals are seen as almost traitors to the greater good of the world.  If people become depressed or unhappy with things, they self-medicate themselves with soma, a drug with no side effects that basically keeps everyone happy and worry-free.  The three main protagonists: Helmholtz, a journalist who eventually realizes the defects and truths in what's really going on; Bernard Marx, he disagrees with the conditioning of people and is at times disgusted with it, but eventually he goes along with it all to win the favor of his so-called friends; and John, a man with no conditioning whatsoever who befriends Helmholtz and Bernard.  Together the three of them come to the realization that their ""perfect world"" is actually a dictatorship that favors consumerism and is run by a corrupt government that is wrought with problems and imperfections.Although at first I thought the story was boring and slow-moving, I really think Huxley came up with a great concept.  It wasn't meant to be an incredibly exciting story, it was more like he used the characters and story as a means of conveying his ideas to an audience.  One of the reasons I think this is a great book is because it, although written in the 1930's, really pertains to our world now and talks about very real issues that people have to deal with.  Our society, particularly America, is a lot like the society that Huxley created in his story.  Pharmaceutical companies are constantly pushing the idea that you can take a pill or other drug to solve your problems, which is similar to soma, corporations are constantly coming up with better clothes, cars, and devices so that people feel out of place or inadequate unless they have the newest or best thing, and people use movies and TV shows as a way to escape and distract themselves from their sometimes dull or imperfect lives, similar to how the World State used music and smells to make people feel better.  The book also raises questions about the morality of things like cloning and artificial birth, topics that, although an impossible fantasy in Huxley's time, pose very real concerns and are discussed and written about all the time.  I think this is a book that everyone should read because it really puts our world into perspective and makes people think about whether our country and society could end up just like another Brave New World."
"I loved this book. It uses a hard, complex vocabulary, but it is still very easy to understand. I looooved it!"
"Brave New World takes readers into a society where humans are grown and born in the Central London Hatching Processing Plant. Children are ""ranked"" according to societies need for them. They are then scientifically programed certain ways so when they become adults they don't strive to make something more of their life then what society expects of them. Everyone is on ""medication"" to keep the balance. The World State (governmental body of power) hold to the ideals that stability and happiness are more important then individual freedom, arts, and respecting humanity. An unbelievable book that questions future generations."
"Wonderful book and scary when you what is happening in our world today, but would definitely read.  Put this book on your list."
This is a classic... a book I think everyone should read at some point in their life.  It's dark and somewhat disturbing but so very revealing of what could happen to society if we're not aware.  The Kindle version was formatted well and very easy to read.
"Just read this one again. I think I understand it more now than when I read it as a teenager. I am finding that more and more with books I read in my ""early"" years. Gives me a good excuse to re-read books when I'm in the mood.This book definatley teaches that you cannot know joy if you do not know sorrow. (Opposition in all things. 2Nephi 2.) I just never realized before that although the general population in the book do not realize this truth the world leaders seem to. They just think that fake joy is a good trade-off for eliminating sorrow.I would hope that if I were part of this type of Utopian society that I would be one of the ones that was ultimately shipped off to an island with the rest of the ""most interesting people in the world""."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a science fiction novel which takes place six hundred years into the future. The books is about Henry Foster the director of the Hatchery where they produce thousands of nearly identical human embryos every day to make people. And one day after work Lenina, who had been dating Henry exclusively, admits overtly that she is attracted to Bernard although he is outside of her caste. They then take a trip to New Mexico where she falls for another man named John Savage, a satire contrast to the high caste civilization she is from.  The things I enjoyed about this book were the heavy social satire and pure creativity that was present in the author's idea of a Utopian society, The book also does a good job of using the characters as different devices and ranks in society which is timeless in how relevant it is today. However I do have some gripes about the structure and fluidity of the book. For example the book is at times hard to read or understand what going on, and as a result i found myself constantly rereading the  same paragraph to clearly put to together the events that had just transpired.  Overall the book was a good read despite the convoluted descriptions at times, but it was the creativity of the author the kept me turning each page. And I'd recommend this book to any science fiction fan and true lover of social satire."
"Came in the allotted time. Was a decent copy, there were some highlights in the book but they didn't detract from the reading. I bought it for my son for school."
"Oh, Brave New World.What if your life was perfect in every conceivable way, but didn't know it could be any other way? A life where a magic drug provides the perfect trip, without any of the consequences. Aldous Huxley's terrific vision for the future is a must for any science fiction fan or budding philosopher. Huxley perfectly weaves a comic story -- full of wit, and clever science fiction inventions -- into a unique lens form which to view the question of freewill, humanity's ability to self-govern, liberalism, drugs, religion, and more!Can there be pain without pleasure? An Indian, from a Reservation that has been surrounded in electrified fences, believes very strongly that there cannot. He, John, longs to suffer. Feels that only then can the Really Real Truth of Reality be known; pleasures be enjoyed. John sacrifices at every chance he gets, always coming within a nat's wing of release, all to the beautiful tension of the reader.Do you take the blue pill, or the red pill? Go down the rabbit hole with Brave New World. While some feel it is a Dystopian vision coming to life in our time, I strongly disagree. The idea of a world-wide goverment of Directors and Pre-Destination Psychologists is too perfect for our time. The (sad? good?) fact of the matter is their society works absolutely perfectly. People die and it's a good thing. Mother and Fathers do not exist, and therefore do not bring the string of psychological torment for both parties -also none of the good. People are chemically engineered to perfection within their caste; psychologically manipulated to view Happiness only as a fact of life. By limiting the visions of each class to the only truth they know there is no alternative. No reason to question. No reason to feel this existence is meaningless. They simply Are, and therefore in happy contentment for their 60 ageless working years. Perhaps the saddest part of Brave New World is how nice and serene and lovely a world without freewill is. How ignoramus those defending it, or claiming to have it, can act in an effort of will to demonstrate. Perhaps freewill is our God incarnate. Knowing some of Huxley's essay work I'm sure I've barely begun to scratch the surface on this fun and provocative book. Look, the writing is just as classy as the subject matter, get the book.A must read."
"I like the book so far. I haven't finished it, as I am reading it as part of my freshman college English class, but it is very well written and certainly brings up some very important questions concerning genetic engineering and social structure. I would highly recommend this book to other people."
"For all you high school kids out there, it turns out that all of those classics on the required reading lists that I avoided like the plague, are actually pretty good.  Read this."
"this is a book which i liked and i would recommend it for everyone, thank you for listening to me"
"This is no were hear 1984, however for this genre of reading, I truly enjoy writers from the early 1900's who's vision was very close to dead on in which we live now days. I would consider this a wonderful read for anyone who liked Farheneight 451 or 1984."
"The ever-relevant classic on conformism, soft propaganda, and the dystopia of easy comforts over human ideals. Mesmerizingly fun to read!"
"I've had this book on a ""to-read"" list for a really long time. I started it and finished it in one sitting while reading from an iPhone (first time for kindle app). It is definitely one of my new all time favorites. It's funny, clever, satirical, original, and extremely thought-provoking. I laughed at every single ""Ford!"" and cringed at many of the pejorative remarks made about ""lower castes"". There are way too many similarities between 2013 modern society and the London utopia in 632 AF. I felt like there were a bunch of twists and I wasn't prepared for any of them. I loved all of the names, especially ""Bureaux of Propaganda"", ""College of Emotional Engineering"".  The philosophical discussion around the ending was fantastic and relevant but of course leaves you with many more questions to answer.  I absolutely loved it.""It's not enough for the phrases to be good, what you make with them ought to be good too"""
Speaking as a high school student (senior) this is a great book! It makes one think a considerable amount at not only the end but through the entirety of the book. I highly recommend this book if you want something to think about for a few weeks.
Everyone in the 21st century should read this book. Scary how accurate it is about life nowadays. Great social commentary and food for thought
"really interesting and makes you think about life a lot. I love classic books like this. its a bit confusing at first, but fight through it. You'll be glad you did. nothing good in life is easy"
Bought it for my daughter's school requirement. I didn't read the book. So just OK. It came on time in good new shape.
"What makes this novel so interesting is the reflection upon it and the thought you put into analyzing the novel when reading it. Huxley creates a utopian society, or so it appears in the beginning, and his logic behind why it is a perfect society is sound, showing that it is an attainable society. But there is a cost: we give up morals and ideals we have had from religion to even democracy. There is then the debate of which society is the better one, our current one or Huxley's. We see it all through various characters in the continuum of which society is better with John closest to ours, Mustapha Mond closest to Huxley's, Lenina close to Huxley's and Bernard and Helmholtz close to ours.It is a very thought- provoking and philosophical novel which I recommend to all, especially those who already have some interest in it like I did."
"In today's world, one must read this book, Brave New World, also Animal Farm and 1984.  I consider them essential for my children and my students."
"Brave New World was great, it really makes you think about the world we live in and what we may be progressing too. I originally had to read it for school, but it was worth the purchase!"
A book in the 30's establishes a world so dark it appalled people when it came out brave new world will always make for an enjoyable read.
I had not read this book for quite a few years. It is as powerful as ever. A scathing critique of society.
In the future humans are created by laboratory manipulation. Perfect individuals are produced as needed. Emotions have been eliminated except one. Everyone is happy. But there is a group of people who escape the system and begin to question and fight him. The plot is highly known and is the basis of many modern films of Hollywood.
Amazing look at what our world could become with our focus on material pleasuresWould definitely recommend to any one
"Why had I not heard of this earlier?  It's every bit as distopian as ""1984"" or ""Fahrenheit 451,"" but far more sinister.  Sure, technology and science has progressed beyond what was foreseen by Huxley when the book was originally written, but it's easy to see the techniques of controlling populations that are now being developed turned to produce a similar society in the future."
"Loved this book, I had to read it before in high school and didn't totally understand the story under the story; now that I understand I really enjoyed the book"
"This book kept me awake this first time i read it. When I got it, I was able to sit down and read it in one sitting.The whole idea of a world were we all have the same face, the same wants/needs,and emotions: In my opinion, abit far-fetched. The thing about is...It's already being done in many, many third-world countries. However, when your fortunate to be born in the West than this non-sense of eliminating mother's and fathers, sisters/brothers, marriage, family, monogamy in a committed relationship, choice of career,  choice of fashion, choice of music, choice of magazines/books to read, choice of emotion, and no choice of your own thoughts for any reason at any time-seems preposterous and bizarre.I couldn't help noticing while standing in the grocery checkout line the magazine's. Almost all of them were about the entertainment...who did what on what show, who got fat, who got caught up and who twerked. Then in the cooler next to them, the latest health potions and tonics for more energy, and everyone in line with a cellphone, earbuds, kids with little ipads watching a movie/playing a game,and other's in the front area renting movies. All in pursuit of being ""happy"".If you open your eyes it's amazing what you can see."
The book is very interesting. I originally bought it for an English class but as I read through it more it really caught my interest with its non-conventional ideas.
For whatever reason I hadn't read this before. Poor John. Poor civilization. This should be required reading - but not force fed.
My daughter had to read this book for English class and she likes it. She will recommend it for teens over 17 years old.
"Like Atlas Shrugged, Brave New World provides a picture of what our world might look like if we continue to move in the direction that we are going.  It's worth reading if it hasn't been on your reading list in the past."
just kiddin 5/5 bretty gud. It's probably my favorite book; it's at least better than anything George Orwell has published.
Another required book for my AP English class. This is the last book we will be reading so can't tell you what I think of it yet.
"I think the author kind of drops the ball somewhere in the beginning because midway through the first chapter I was thoroughly confused. The story is good though, and I would venture to say, ""I would to God our society was like the one in this book."" I broke down and watched the movie on YouTube."
"I had to read Brave New World for school so - I had to hate this book from the beginning. Apart from that obligatory hatred, though, I enjoyed it quite a bit. At least from the beginning to middle. Huxley's view of a future world is...highly interesting - and refreshing for someone who has only read dystopias published after the year 2010. No dystopia I have ever read had those elements like conditioning and soma - ways to make the whole population of the state content and ...um...pretty numb, too.I liked how detailed these elements were portrayed in the beginning, it made it easy to imagine exactly how things are managed in the World State.Also, the so-called Reservations, a place outside of the World State were such a unique setting - I've never read about anything like it before!Then again, that's pretty much everything I really found good in Brave New World. Several things I didn't like:the characters were not exactly unique, but easily exchangable. The only one that made some kind of development was John and maybe Bernard, too, but none of them really changed his attititude and opinions. What bothered me most was that a ""real"" dystopian ending did not take place. Or maybe that's just what irritated me a lot. I've never read dystopia where the world just stays the same in the end...it's depressing! Ever thought about it?Okay, so, ll in all Brave New World is a short book with an interesting take on dystopia and a BUNCH of cool technological elements that will fascinate every geek out there. On the other hand especially the lame ending will probably put you down a bit."
"Though written in 1932 some of the examples of life are prognostications of possible societal norms in our future.Truth, Science and Religion and personal freedom are suppressed for the good of all. Ethical questions abound.The story and characters are compelling. I definitely plan to read Brave New World Revisited."
"Everybody reads Orwell's 1984, much fewer read its dystopian predecessor Brave New World. Yet in many ways, its vision of a world lulled into conformance, where freedom is given over for pleasure and satiation, is a stronger warning than any totalitarian Big Brother."
This is a fantastic book. It's interesting enough to keep reading but with enough substance to make you think. I would suggest this book to nearly anyone.
"if you thought 1984 is scary - this is the opposite of the wotld present there - deceptivally utopic and perfect this is just a front to hide the many dangers of indivduality being discarded and the will of the ""people"" become unnanimous - everyone belongs to everyone else - which in some ways is way more scary and realistic!despite iit's age and the fact that it predated the internet the dangers presented in this book are as real today as they have ever been if not more!"
A great contrast to Orwell's 1984. A dystopia that mirrors a lot of today's reality of the pursuit of pleasure and constant entertainment.
"It has become almost automatic, at least in academic circles, when discussing futuristic dystopias, to draw a comparison between Huxley's BRAVE NEW WORLD and Orwell's NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR, a comparison that really serves little purpose, especially since BNW was written seventeen years before 1984 (and it wasn't the first in the genre; somehow Zamyatin's WE, written an entire decade before Huxley's work, gets lost in the shuffle:  it has been some time since I myself read WE, and I read two different translations, so I would have to tackle it again to be able write a review that would do it justice), and when you look closely at the two books, the authors' intentions, mode of attack, tone, and ultimate effect are so different that a comparison seems not only a waste of time but more than a little unfair.Aldous Huxley was a man with a very fertile brain, a vivid imagination, and a sense of humor as wide-ranging as it was sometimes odd.  BRAVE NEW WORLD is ultimately a satire of the first order:  Huxley presents us with a future vision of London in which the making of babies has been completely divorced from the sex act, with infants being created on assembly lines and specially treated to become what they will become:  everyone from intellectuals to ""semi-morons"" are created for the jobs they will eventually perform.  And the children, once in existence, are subjected to conditioning and sleep-teaching so that when they reach adulthood they are not only happy with their lives, the concept of living any way other than the way they do is incomprehensible.So everyone's happy...well, sort of.  More accurately, everyone's satisfied.  The separation of sex and parturition has not removed sex from the equation; far from it:  in fact promiscuity is the order of the day, though to today's reader it seems a tad bit odd that Huxley seems to assume that male-female sex is the only kind that would be around in such a society.  It's hard to imagine that Huxley didn't think of it, but he simply left out the possibility of homosexuality and said nothing about it.The problem that arises is that society, in divorcing the sex act from the reproductive act completely, and in fact removing all feelings from it that are not mere tactical sensations, has robbed sex of all its meaning and has chosen to suppress a part of human nature that would be very strong if people would stop having fun long enough to think about the emptiness of their lives.This emptiness becomes illustrated vividly when two Londoners visit a ""savage"" reservation in New Mexico and encounter a ""savage"" named John, a half-breed who was born to a London woman who got lost on a visit to the reservation some twenty-five years previously.  We meet John and his mother Linda, and we also discover that the man who fathered John happens to be the superior back in London of Bernard Marx, who suffers from an inferiority complex and who decides to bring the ""savages"" back to London to further his own ends.The rest of the novel is a tad bit of a mess, all culture shock and repercussions and the explosive result when two diametrically opposed cultures clash.  Some of it is a bit ridiculous; those who don't fit in are sent to island exiles that when you think about it would be paradise for anyone who wanted an escape from a culture they found stifling, but which for some reason are portrayed as a punishment.  And the novel ends on a melancholy note that seems a bit odd:  in such a well-ordered society, one would not expect something like what happens to occur.  It isn't completely incredible, but it is a bit of a stretch, but the warning back of it is clear:  we had best watch where we are headed before we lose our humanity.If I had to say which was the better novel, I would say that overall 1984 is superior, but BNW is an insidious and sneaky novel that opens up looking like a paradise and ends up being a hell for some of its characters.  Orwell made no such attempt at subterfuge."
"I did not like this book, but believe it is an important read. It is scary how close our world is coming trying to make all of us equal and  not move beyond our birth circumstances. I do not want our country to become like this. It made me think and for that reason it should be read, but I did not like the process. I was very glad that I was a part of a discussion group or I would have tossed the book before I finished it. Therefore my rating has to be I did not like it. Our discussion on this book was great."
"Written in 1931 but so prophetically correct...Tier Cloning,mind control,life control etc. all...Our world is cloning & mind controlling already.A true classic..."
"Feels as if it could have been written today, with corporations being given more power than the individual. Citizens united."
I don't understand how this achievement can be written 80 years ago. The vision and the ability to grasp the way people operate. Freedom VS conditioning. The way we think and operate.. The graphic world as - disturbing and sad as it possibly be.
"When reading this book, one tends to have conflicting feelings, so one has to realize that it is a book, a vision, a theory vs reality and reality, which could be worse than in theory, even though everyone is happy. Bottom line is, that every so often people are not always naive enough to realize that even if you have complete equilibrium, ""equality"" and completely ""civilized"" society, the human spirit prevails. If it doesn't, than you have someone controlling the outcome, as they see fit. Someone who ""I make the laws, so I can break them"" decides for the rest what it is that they need, but the human spirit cannot always be contained. Human emotions, will for individual thinking and power to make own choices, will always strive to excel and grow. Unless brainwashed, zombied via happy meds and conditioned, but even then, some will always want to be individual and stand for their principles, not society's ""normal"" and that is the only FREEDOM.This book is a perfect example of how in ""Utopian"" society, while everything seems, easy, pleasant, happy, it is not by the will of those who move through society as society demands of them, but by the societal social conditioning. Social conditioning!! How simple it sounds, ""for the better good"" and yet how awful the outcome. The decision of who is higher, lower or useless caste. Since in the all perfect society, there is no useless, the useless are the ones who are not ""useful idiots"". The zombied and completely conditioned public creates a perfect ""O brave new world"", but if it is a perfection and the people are happy, why does it have to be programmed and isolated from any outside individual thinking?I like this book, which is completely amazing concept that has actually be tried in some way or another. Maybe, not to that extend and maybe not on that level, YET, but to have a vision, in 1932, to foresee some of the technological, social and societal experiments, was a pure genius by Aldous Huxley.Even though, it takes a few pages to get accustomed with the style, characters, jargon and naming conventions of all that is going on, the book reads fast and easy. There are some amazing rationing in the book, but scary at the same time, since it is almost like a road map for some of the items that are being ""tried"" as I am writing this review.In chapter 3, it got a little bit confusing, due to each paragraph, being a different part of separate event/conversation. Absolutely unexpected at first, a very interesting style of writing and unique approach, almost like a playwright. What's not to like, but takes a few minutes getting used to and catch on that it is 3 different conversations in numerous places that are taking place and completely unrelated events, at that moment.There is a quote from Lenin in this book. Phrased differently of course, but still, never the less, a quote from a ""social justice and conditioning"" masters of his time. Social stability, is a very interesting way to phrase something that is being repeated about ""Brave New World"" and social conditioning. Society where the belief is, that conditioning is always the aspect of ones actions and has nothing to do with instinct. Is what the dictators in current White House administration preach these days. Example of society that every communist wants to create and destroy individual thinking? This book, was always and still, should be a warning!! We recently have seen and heard one thing from our ""leadership"" and yet their actions did not support their language. Just like I mention before, the words of controller Mustapha Mond: ""But as I make the laws here, I can also break them."" Didn't we see the ""law of the land"", Obamacare, recently get broken, for pushing employer mandate by a year, by those who made the law? ""Do as I say and not as I do""? Are we living in this perfect ""Utopian"", zombied through social conditioning and ""soma"" society or are we living in the United States of FREE America?This is one great book. Every time I picked it up, I was through 10 pages within minutes and I am not a fast reader, but this book reads well and fast. It is very interesting and unique. I know it is a college level, required reading material, but I highly recommend that everyone pick up a copy and read it. I highly recommend reading it a few times over the years and especially now. It is a MUST read for everyone.I also recommend:1984 (Signet Classics)Animal FarmWeAfterTastes and Tales from Russia"
"If you're into dystropian future, there are 3 must-reads:- Brave New World, the milder of the trio: very asseptical, light reading, romantic, and it won't leave a bad taste in your brain.- Fahrenheit 451, government ins't really friendly here, but there's still hope for humanking. Nice ending.- 1984, the ominous one: Gosh, if this is our future, we're doomed. Nevertheless, this is the most encompassing one, since it addresses the relationship between individuals, the Government methods, and the mind conditioning techniques. Read it, before it's too late..."
Pretty awesome. Felt a little curt at times but loved the book. Makes one think and the lit devices are spot on.
Great book. As expected and quick. Seems to be a good vendor.  I would buy from them again. good luck.
"Aldous Huxley's satirical Brave New World (1932) is widely considered to be one of the greatest novels to emerge from the ether of English Literature, and while it is a fascinating exploration of human values and society, it (in my opinion) also lacks the narrative flow that transforms an interesting idea or concept into a good story. Brave New World invests the majority of its time in setting up the futuristic utopia and less in inhabiting this setting with likeable or even memorable characters. Even the protagonist doesn't arrive until halfway through the book, and by then it is too late to become emotionally attached.Brave New World is frequently compared to George Orwell's dystopian novel Nineteen Eighty-Four (1949), which shows an opposite and even more frightening direction humanity could find itself in. In contrast to Orwell's totalitarian vision of the future, Huxley depicts a futurist world that has eradicated all previous forms of solitary pursuits and pleasures, such as reading, and replaced them with radical conditioning and frequent doses of the psychedelic drug Soma, which they receive as rations and ingest to take `holidays' from reality. The citizens of this world are also no longer `born', but are grown in labs, and the mere suggestion of the word `mother' or `father' has become offensive to all who hear it. In contrast to Nineteen Eighty-Four, in which people are forced to cooperate with the unfair way of life set out by Big Brother, the inhabitants of Brave New World are conditioned from birth to view their strange way of life as normal.`The world's stable now. People are happy; they get what they want, and they never want what they can't get. They're well off; they're safe; they're never ill; they're not afraid of death; they're blissfully ignorant of passion and old age; they're plagued with no mothers or fathers; they've got no wives, or children, or lovers to feel strongly about; they're so conditioned that they practically can't help behaving as they ought to behave. And if anything should go wrong, there's soma.` - Brave New WorldWhile both novels have a great setting, Orwell executes his better by having relatable characters (a protagonist that is with you from the beginning), TENSION (where is the tension in Brave New World?), and a strong narrative thread that links the whole book from start to finish. Brave New World felt a bit directionless in comparison and often like it was two books mashed together, the first being an essay on the direction society is heading towards, and the second - an afterthought of a story to tie it all together."
"If there is a more accurate, engaging and well-written assessment of the liberal philosophy taken to its logical conclusion than Brave New World, I should like to know. The book is a piercing diagnosis of a deprived and maniacal philosophy and prophetic to the point that publishers should reconsider whether or not the book is best categorized as satire and wouldn't be more well-suited in the non-fiction genre: culture commentary or history, perhaps? I plan to read it every year, even if it leaves me feeling depressed (which it has), because it certainly fills the reader sympathetic with Huxley's viewpoint (which I am) with a renewed vigor to hold fast to the true wisdom of tradition."
Chilling in how this presages so much of modern life. When you consider it was written in 1930s it still is amazing how close to reality the author came.
"This is where we're going if they don't put us in gas chambers first. I guess being constantly buzzed beats being dead, but it might be a toss up."
"Although the setting of the book is in a future that is not likely to happen, the insights into the common tendencies of our human nature are portrayed in a thoughtful manner.  It also shows some of the issues with an ""engineered"" society, which by design achieves its ""stability"" goal, but still leaves some of its members unsatisfied and unfulfilled."
Read this book because it was on my high schooler's reading list. Thoroughly enjoyed it!! Would recommend for older teenagers and adults.
"This is a must read for lovers of science fiction/fantasyYou won't want to put it down, try and see.I was glad I tried it, very worth the money."
"1) Plot (3 stars) - In a future where genetic manipulation, subconscious conditioning, and drugs have made everyone a perfect cell in the social body, one man feels an inner emptiness and the need to explore it.  However, when he finds another choice, is it really any better than his current situation?  The overall plot was good, but I found the tension in scenes low, and the pace a bit slow.2) Characters (3 stars) - Bernard Marx is the brooding individual in a smiling collectivist society.  Pushing aside social norms, he explores the difficulties of life--loneliness, confusion, delayed gratification.  But does he really value these difficulties, or are they just a way for him to re-cast his shortcomings into a feeling of superiority over his fellow man?  The other main character is John, the man raised outside the society, only to return to it with wariness and contempt.  Both were fine, but neither one showed me Huxley's ideal for the heroic.3) Theme (4 stars) - All of our energy seems to be focused on getting rid of the nastiness of life--disease, desolation, inconvenience.  But what of life will be left when we trade the possibilities of truth and beauty for the guarantees of comfort and happiness?  And, is only tasting the pleasurable half of life really a better experience in the end?  This was the major moral I pulled out of the story, and it's a good question that made me think, even 80 years after it was written.4) Voice (3 stars) - The prose was fine, readable, but I didn't mark any particular sentence as beautiful, insightful, or poetic.5) Setting (3 stars) - Huxley spends a lot of time describing the details of his future society's structure--the human hatcheries, the conditioning centers, etc.--but for all the detail, I didn't feel transported there.6) Overall (3 stars) - It's impressively imaginative (especially for 1932), and has an important message about whether we're numbing ourselves from a very important part of life, but the plot and characters just didn't grip me enough to recommend it."
"Our Ford! But this is even more disturbing than I remember. I read it the first time in high school, many years ago, and I enjoyed it. Not long ago, I saw a copy of Brave New World Remembered on a colleague's desk and decided to go back and read the original again. I'm glad I did. It's an entertaining and easy read. Our culture often bears resemblance to Huxley's utopia, with soma and entertainment to pacify the masses."
"This novel confirms that nobody's perfect. In the utopian society portrayed in this book, all diseases are eradicated, every aspect of life has been arranged to achieve perfection.  As I  read this book it became obvious that the concept of perfection is relative (Surprise! Surprise!).  No matter how ""perfection"" is defined and no matter how ""perfect"" the system of maintaining the defined ""perfection"" is;  all human beings will never agree on one defined concept of  ""perfection""."
"This was required reading for an AP English class.  It was pretty good, but not something I would read otherwise."
I bought this for my son's required reading in school.  I am very happy to see that it is still there.
This book seems a little better foretelling of the future than 1984. It's eerily accurate in the ideas of the populace.
Most people don't want to hear about any changes being made in our society or culture....Brave New World goes a bit more into asking and answering questions about why can't we have a government that runs the society and not the people.....We don't know it but we've just about have gotten there...We do have test tube babies. We have a choice on just about any type of child we want...from hair to body type to intelligence and race......All we have to do is drop our belief in God and here we are with Brave New World......
"Greatly enthralling story, that reads like a modern novel although written almost a century ago. Some of his ideals/visions of utopia/distopia are amazingly accurate."
I never wanted this book to end. So good. One of those books that stays with you when it's over.
"*Brave New World* is one of those excellent books that bear re-reading at different periods in one's life, for it is from such dystopias, like BNW, that we can learn about bad political schemes in the world in which we live.  HOWEVER, one of the cardinal virtues of the volumes in Everyman's Library has been their physical production: cloth binding, sewn signatures, a place mark ribbon, and finally their easy-to-read typography. Unfortunately, it appears from this volume that the producers have cheapened the production in such a way that the pages will fall out, for they have settled on the misnamed ""perfect"" (glued) binding in lieu of the sewn binding that formerly characterized their productions. In short, we now have a paperback-type binding inside cloth covers. What's next? Paper instead of cloth? The reason for the price premium has just disappeared. I am truly disappointed in this decline."
"I'm really disappointed. It took me awhile to look for this exact copy of Brave New World, because that was the specified edition by my English professor. However, when it arrived (which was a few days later than expected), it turned out to be the wrong edition, and my English professor got mad at me. Now I'm behind on my English work and I have to go find a new copy. Returning this as soon as possible"
"I didn't have too many expectations coming into this book except that it's a ""classic"" and I wanted to read it.  Not impressed. Odd story. Lots of underlying meaning, I get that. Still it's just odd."
It's a REALLY nice book! It descibes much of our today's society and all of the problems we have and no one seems to care. Aldus Huxley is a true genius. To think he wrote this book so many years ago is scary.
"Aldous Huxley's classic novel of society in the future. Is this where we are headed? Only if you let it happen. A must read for all those who desire to know what to expect if we are not careful. No spoiler alert here. However, the last chapter brings the whole story together. John Savage knows what is important. Unfortunately, Lanina and her friends can only hope. Is soma the answer to our stressful conditions  or is there another way. Savage knows. Do you?"
"This book is just as the description reads and had no marks or tears or any obvious damage to it,"
"This book shows how a forced utopia on society can go awry. Written 80 years ago, the story has some elements that were quite prophetic.The writing pace was uneven and I found that I had to skim some parts that were overly verbose. Overall, it was a good book."
"a truly enjoyable read, I would recommend it to a friend. I would even read it again if I had to."
This book is fascinating but I found it lacking at the beginning to really draw the reader in. Thank you.
This book keep me glued throughout to the last page.  It was fast paced and had twists in it that were unexpected.  Especially the ending!!  I read it due to my niece reading it for school and her comments.  I could see some of our current culture in the future one.  This made me open my eyes to our current policies and practices.  Thank you.
"Wonderful world, wonderful writing... terrible ending. Basically no hope for the human race. So, not my favorite, but did have some amazing ideas and themes."
"This book is great and I would recommend reading it in conjuction with WE,1984, and maybe even Animal Farm.  Huxley wrote this book in 1932 and Orwell's book ""1984"" (that was written in 1949) carried the genre to greater heights, which is why ""1984"" is the most known of the mentioned 3 books.In Brave New World, Huxley successfully predicts the future of genetic engineering.  There are no parents or families, death no longer elicits emotional reactions, and men and women are expected to have with innumerable sexual partners.  The society is genetically altered into class divisions known as Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Epsilon.  Alphas are the most intelligent, have the most important jobs, and have the most free will.  In contrast, Epsilon's are the least intelligent, have the worst jobs, and have the least amount of free will.  The society displayed is one that needs entertainment to be happy and live for a drug known as soma, which removes all pain and makes them ""happy.""Sayings are ingrained into the minds of the people by repeatedly playing them as the children grow up.  These sayings differ between the social classes.  Here are a few examples:""A gramme [of soma] is better than a damn.""""Everyone works for every one else. We can't do without any one. Even Epsilons...""""Never put off till to-morrow the fun you can have to-day""The book follows the journey of an male Alpha plus who becomes friends with a ""savage"" or one who grew up outside of the soma and ingrained sayings.  In the end, the savage must decide between the society he grew up in, or the one he stumbles into."
"and I wanted to read it again. I have not done so yet, but I am pleased with the book."
"There's little to be said for Brave New World that hasn't been said already, but here's my quick $.02:What's most frightening is the extent to which the subjugation of the masses has already taken place as described in this novel, but in lieu of the fantastic proliferation of genetic engineering and social conditioning.  Truly frightening that's it's happened instead by way of the expansion of the welfare state, pop culture, and the pharmaceutical industry.Is this a rant, or a review?  A character in this story uses a phone book.... funny little misfire, but given that it was written 80 years ago, easily forgiven.Read Brave New World, if only to have something to discuss with other interesting people."
After you get past the beginning chapters the plot is quite interesting. Some of the terms are a bit confusing since we don't have that kind of technology. The ending was very good and unexpected.
This book is being read by my 11th grader. Very profound predictions. The story keeps building up and leaves the reader with a lot to think about after the final page.
"I powered through this and Fahrenheit 451 over a summer and it was a great reintroduction to pleasure reading.  It's a classic and it's viewpoint resonated with me, with scary correlations popping up throughout New York City.  Very glad I got a chance to read it."
This book is a lovely leatherbound edition. It arrived as promised and was packaged for maximum protection. It is in excellent condition.
"If you haven't read this book, you need to, right now. This is my all time favorite novel. Do yourself a favor and read this. Do not stop reading until after the fourth chapter, but by then I'm sure you won't be able to stop."
my granddaughter was assigned 3 books to read this summer for her AP english class..This one was along the sci fi stuff she likes to read ...
"This is interesting look at a future society that has given up experiences common to man, in order to live a comfortable and easy existence."
"Read this years ago, but wanted to read it again.  And got Brave New Worlds Revisited to finish the series."
"I read in in High School 40+ years ago and I enjoyed it now again. The notion of in vitro fertilization seemed far fetched in the 60's but how technology has changed so much. We shall see if the future is ""a brave new world' or 1984."
This is a must read for every person who thinks the government is looking out for your best interests!  I read it in high school and thought it was a fiction book and now I think it is reality.
This was a wonderful book and would gladly recommend this book to a number of people and gives  a great insight into what could be and some insight into ourselves.
"Thoughtful people will read (or, as I did, re-read) BNW and consider all possible similarities to our time and circumstances."
"This book is kind of dull. If you are looking for a description of a distopian society then sure, it's fine. But the story lacks any real interesting plot."
"Brave New World is one of the great dystopic novels, in the same company as 1984, Clockwork Orange and Logan's Run. It is set in the future, where we are placed in the middle of a society gone haywire. The moral values and behavior of the world's citizens of the future are vastly different from what we might expect. Drugs are used to regulate how everyone feels. No one is concerned about marriage (babies are born in labs) but rather enjoying themselves and associating within their group. Society has been divided into a rigid hierarchy. The class system (Alphas, Betas, etc.) determines everyone's occupation, height, potential sex partners and much more before anyone is even born. Just like in 1984's proletarian areas, there are lawless zones on the fringe of society where some of the action in the story takes place. Our hero is Bernard Marx who goes searching for something more.While I was happy to read this book I found it very difficult to finish. Huxley's style is extremely descriptive to the point that it is hard to discern what is happening in the book. Brave New World is raw, powerful and compelling. It is very dense, heavy reading. On the one hand you do feel Huxley has actually visited the future and is describing it to you. However, it becomes a bit much as we explore Huxley's intricately detailed stream of consciousness. Huxley is obviously a philosophical thinker who gives you a lot to consider. This novel is about certain themes being explored as opposed to a normal sci-fi story and plot. Is it about loss of individualism? Loss of freedom? Over-reliance on technology? There is much to ponder in this complicated, detailed thriller."
Not my cup of tea but reminds me of 1984. Though I must say its better written than 1984. It also makes more sense than 1984.
"Amazingly shocking and mind-blowing! Masterpiece that you won't forget for a long time! Very futuristic look at the utopian society, technologies and lifestyle. This book really blow me away! It immediately became my favorite novel I've ever read.Brave New World takes us to a very far future, even though it was written about 80 year ago. Aldous Huxley really made a fantastic work, which I was so much surprised and amazed to read. This book got my attention from the start and I couldn't put it away till the end. Life and society are much different in Brave New World. They live by different mindset, values, purpose and meaning than we do in today world (or it just might look like so from the first sight). Everything is based on the idea that everyone belongs to everyone else and happiness is the main priority which should be gotten right now.First of all, people are born artificially and divided into the groups. There are 5 castes in New World's society: alpha, beta, gamma, delta and epsilon. You might understand that alphas are the highest and epsilons are the lowest caste. The main beauty of that is that all society lives in peace and happiness and that is achieved by shaping mindset from the embryo. So everybody is happy at their positions and never thinks about any other opportunities. Artificial drug helps everyone always be happy despite any bad situations. There are no relationships, families or any other factors that might disturb the order. There it is vulgar and unethical to have only one partner.Such life might seem very amoral for many people, but as I said before it just seems different and unacceptable for our world. As I wrote in my previous review about 1984's, it's just a mask, matrix. Look deeper and you will see that our society is not much different. Starting from marriages, most people do that and it's almost never permanent not even including cheats on partners (I mean that cheating is end of the marriage already). Agree? You should. Furthermore, let's take castes. In our world most people think that they have a choice. The true is they don't. Yes, actually everyone has a choice, theoretically, but practically not. Just take an example of riches's children becoming rich and broke's children becoming broke. It's not because of any other conditions or circumstances, but the programming parent's give to their children. So here we have a choice, but everything starts from teacher giving right lessons to the student. So, if you have a successful mindset, you will pass it on through many generations and will get alphas. If not, you will get epsilon generations. I don't want to be mean, just trying to get your attention that everything is possible you just need to start from yourself and there is no time for laziness or any excuses. Let's take one more aspect from the book, like ""I want now and here to get and be happy"". What can you say about our society? It's mostly the same. Most people do something small or worthless now to satisfy some needs not thinking much about the result in the future. I hear a lot ""I want this now, I need this now"" and something really important and meaningful or valuable they delay for a lifetime. The typical culture of consumerism and ""fast food"" (fast life). And I don't mean that it's bad, I mean that everything could be used in a good way and in a bad way. You choose!One more interesting aspect for me is the governance of the society in New World. There should always be a cowboy to supervise the herd. The role of the cowboy in this book goes to world governors. There are just couple of them who supervise all the world. They are the creators of everything and the interesting part of it, that in order to become one of them you should get out of the rat race! But before that you have to realize that there is a rat race. One of them told his story, that when he realized there is more in life, had a choice to go to the island or to train and become one of the world's governors. And the island is the place for people who want to create, explore and escape from the society they are in. All of this is just one more example to see that our world is the same. Most people are so busy with their day-to-day routines that they never realize there must be more in this life. I must say WAKE UP!!!Lastly I would like to look over technologies operating in the New World. It really surprised me that the author who wrote this book in 1931 had so futuristic vision. Mass production cloning, sleep learning, flying cars, artificial drugs with no bad feeling really surprised me.So are you alpha or epsilon? But the main question in not ""what"" you are, it's who you are willing to become!"
Brave New World provides a bounty of philosophical dilemmas in this dystopian novel. It would be ideal for prompting discussions of ethics and humanity in English and Literature classes.
Great book but a bit scary.  It reminds you of what could happen on this earth and perhaps something even worse could happen.  Good book though.
Along with 1984 this is the best story in the Genre.  Couldn't put it down.Filled with so many familiar catch phrases that sum up the dystopian future that Huxley prophetically creates.
"This is easily one of my most cherished story, even after several times of reading, easy to do since it's not very long, but still able to be amazed the whole way through. Huxley was truly some sort of wizard or southern shaman to look into the future, and write such a story that feels so real, since it really is just a chunk of time in the world, it has an beginning and ending, but it leave you clenching, wanting to read more. I have a soft cover book, but I wanted something that would last, and looked like the old school, since you can't go wrong with leather. So far standing really well, and after you read this, look for ""Brave New World Revisited"",  it makes the story make more sense, to a degree, it explains the outside factors going on in that world, and his ideas,and reasonings for how he would set up this Utopia, I got mine in kindle, for cheap!"
"Is your version of the world a world without love, parents, religion, unconventional thinking, a caste system, and a drug that will make everything better? If so, Brave New World is a book you will devour and enjoy. This dystopian novel is not my ideal version of the world. However, I do believe it presents a few ideas that we should learn to avoid from reading this book. In Brave New World the ideal society exists. It is carefully crafted by the controllers and everyone has their purpose and place. However, Bernard Marx is unhappy with this society. He tires of the promiscuity and people without unusual thinking. Also, people tease and gossip about Barnard because he is not your typical Alpha male. Bernard decides to visit a Savage compound where he makes a startling discovery that will change his world and this idealized version of perfection forever. This book will leave a reader exploring their version of the world and pondering what freedom truly represents. There is rampant symbolism and themes explored in this book and it will leave the reader free to make their own interpretations of the novel. A very thought-provoking book! I would recommend Brave New World to readers who enjoy dystopian novels."
I've always meant to read this book and finally did. This books still has legs an feels fresh as I consider current world events and the advancements of science.  BNW remains a sharp critique of the impulse to stabilize society and the possible costs of doing so.
"Depicts an emotional and intellectually enslaved society; one that government enforced, but society itself willingly accepted.  Good twists and turns throughout."
"I honestly do not know how someone can rate this book by 1 star. I was forced to read this book for the first time my senior year of high school. I am so glad I read it. The greatest part to having it be a class assignment was that we got to discuss it. After reading it I had my friends who havent read it, read it. No one is disapointed. It really blows your mind. Especially how it related to now and how our society is going. The last time I read it I had to purchase it again because I had lent mine to someone. While at the bookstore I needed help finding it and asked a worker. She said ""wow is there a class assignment, Ive had five people just this week come in and ask for that book""? My response was, ""no its more of a movement."" Every time I read it I soar through the pages wanting more. This is a must read and a great form of looking at things in a new light."
This book was so depressing in the description of the future society that I didn't even read past three chapters.
The book was written many years ago but the topic is still engrossing.  what would a controlled future world be like.  Is there still a reason to live?
Beautifully crafted cautionary tale about life after the 'family' has been destroyed. Almost quaint renderings of futuristic writing from the early 20th century.
My husband loved this book.  he is into different types of reads and enjoys the older stuff.  i am glad there is somewhere to purchase these kind of books.
"This book was so interesting and fast paced for the first 1/3. It was followed by a very slow, hard to follow or keep interest in 1/3. It ended with a TERRIBLE ending that leaves you hanging. Upon finishing, you realize the entire book was just a bunch of prolog ands itself. There was no beauty in this book or the story line. It could have been so good but ended up being a massive disappointment. Who actually finds this book ""relevant""?? Don't waste your time unless you enjoy books that start out pretty good and end with abrupt, nonsensical stupidity."
Are we heading this way??!  I lost my copy and I just had to buy it again to relive the experience.
I think it's claim to fame is simply because some of it's roughly sketched ideas were shocking for the time.  It might arguably have some merit in that it served as some inspiration for better writers and thinkers.  On the whole though I don't think there is anything worth reading in this other than as a historical curiosity in the line of dystopian literature.
"This book was required reading in my existential literature class. I read this in high school, but came away with a different understanding of the book when I read it as an adult. Aldous Huxley was a prophet - many depictions in the book exist in today's world (substitute Soma for any pharmaceutical you please). This book was written in the early 1930's and was (and still is) a harbinger of the world's future."
Maybe I just missed the reason why this is a classic and required reading. Unengaging. Simply didn't like it. Maybe I'm missing something.
"The description says unabridged, but it is in fact the abridged version, and I didn't realize this until I downloaded it and paid for it."
"Wow.  What a book!  Huxley graphically portrays the genetically modified world void of God, poetry, danger, freedom, goodness, and sin (as Savage articulates in chapter 17).  All of these are extinguished when someone pursues humanistic happiness and comfort without any of the inconveniences of life.  Man replaces God.  Utility replaces poetry.  Insulation replaces danger.  Subjugation replaces freedom.  Egoism replaces goodness and sin.  I'm still processing the nuances of exactly how defining this book really is, but I tend to think that chapter 17 holds the key.  This is one of those books that I'm interested in picking up again."
"Although this book is generally viewed as a ""classic"" of sorts - it was required reading in HS so naturally I short cut my way through it.  Big mistake.  Read it this time because I wanted to read it and couldn't put it down until it was finished.  Disturbing view of a possible future for mankind and how we define ""civilized"" vs ""savage"""
I enjoyed it just as much now as I did then and plan to re-read again and again.  My wife is next will be reading it next!  Huxley is one of my favorite authors.  This is a classic in my opinion
"Good read, yet another dystopic novel in the veins of 1984 or Fahrenheit 457. Lots of interesting points about the tradeoffs between security and freedom."
"Without a struggle to find your place in a human world, there is no true happiness.  No parents. No worship of God our creator.  Just slide into a chemical haze if things don't agree with you."
"I read this book in high school, decades ago, and at that time it was an unpleasant chore.  Either personal life experience or changing mores (or both) made my recent reading a poignant experience.  The books shows that a dumbed-down, pleasure-addicted society has its benefits, and not just for the controllers.  But such a state comes at the expense of spirituality and any concept of real meaning in life.  Those who question the order or who search for meaning are ostracized or worse.  The book has some memorable characterizations that should be in use today, like ""Our Ford"" and the ""Arch-Community Songster,"" in confronting some of the banalities that are becoming accepted as conventional thinking."
"This was a very interesting book,reminds me of the song from the 70's""in the year 2525"",pick your sons and daughters from the bottom of a long glass tube. I like the foreward by Christopher Hitchens,and the brave new world revisited at the end."
If you have not read this book you should truly a masterful work of art. I haveread this book at least 12 Ttimes and plan on reading it atnleadtn12 more times. This is up there with stranger in a strange land and 1984.
Just couldn't get into this book.  Sort of boring for this story that takes place in the future and where people are not born the traditional way with a mother and father.
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley was written in 1931 and depicts a world several hundred years in the future where genetic engineering, mental conditioning, and a liberal administering of drugs have pacified the populace. While some of Huxley's concepts are revolutionary, or used in different and interesting ways, as a whole the novel doesn't add up to anything much. It's more of a cheeky observation on how a more peaceful totalitarian regime can rule through creating a genetic caste system so that all human beings are formulated in a lab somewhere and thereby rebellion bred out. All things considered, I couldn't care less about these characters or the grim future world that Huxley placed them in."
"A classic book, I bought this because my son needed for a class.  Once he was done with it, the rest of the family enjoyed reading it as well.  Highly recommended."
"Brave New World is, I must say, one of the best books that I have had the pleasure to read. The author ,Aldous Huxley, presented a startlingly incisive critique of society and the multiplying threat of modern technology's capability to manipulate humanity. This futuristic novel is nothing short of masterful and an ideal book for anyone concerned for society's future order."
"First and foremost, I've heard of ""Brave New World"" but really had no desire to read it.  I knew that the British author Aldous Huxley had created a piece of science fiction of a supposed utopian and controlled society but that's all I knew about it.  Huxley presents to the reader a mass reproduction line based on the ideals of Ford's creation of the mass production lines which revolutionized the making of automobiles.  In fact in Huxley's new world is where the vast population is unified under the ""World State.""  From reproduction (the cradle) where the fetus is created by classifications as to the World State's determination into Alpha's, Beta's, Delta's and Epsilon's to their graves one's life in this utopian society is absolutely monitored and controlled. All classifications of life from Alpha's to Epsilon's are programmed for maximum pleasure and enjoyment.  Indeed Huxley shows that the society created is indeed hedonistic.  There are no longer any mothers or fathers.  Creation is the mass produced chemical plant which create the intelligent leaders and the low class workers as identified in Delta's and Epsilon's.  There no longer is religion in which God is mentioned.  The only reverence is to Mr. Henry Ford the creator of the production line used so well in the new reproduction ways. Socially, we see a hedonistic life-style which used drugs (soma) and non-committal sex.  In fact I chuckled as this sounded like life in the 60s.  We see a society in which each class of people is programmed to be happy in the life they live in their societal classification. As Huxley writes further in the book, he brings us to a community in New Mexico where for me things are written very much in Huxley code.  His writing at this point becomes confusing and very much disconnected.  His characters become hard to follow in which Tomakin, Linda and the birth of a child named John and who Huxley refers to in the book as ""The Savage"" are written about.  To me, the reader, this part of the book became very disjointed and hard to follow.  John's life is not the one of the civilized World State. He does end up in the society of the World State.  The middle part of Huxley's book to me was written very poorly.  It was confusing and a chore to try to follow the characters and transcended into a poor plot. However in the ending of the book a light is shown and the true purpose of the book is revealed.  This part I will not reveal.  Huxley's ending was good.  It shows us the very worst aspects of the future Nazism and the future of what Communism was trying to achieve. I was stunned to see that such things as television and helicopters were written about.  Huxley wrote this book in 1931 and it was published in 1932.  Am I glad I read it?  Yes I am since I was curious.  Was it well written?  My answer is yes sometimes and no most of the time.  Is it a classic?  The ideas are classic, the writing is disconnected and at times very confusing.  It could have been written less in code and more in the classical English form!  Hence the three stars!!!"
"My youngest brother who is currently in high school recommended this to me.  Unfortunately this particular book was not required reading when I was in school.  I'm currently half way through the book, but the story line is great.  The author's description of life on Earth 500 years in the future is fantastic.  This is a book that you won't want to put down!"
"Brave New World By Aldous Huxley3 StarsBernard and Lenina live in a Utopian London. London is where the Central Hatching and Conditioning Centre is located. Hatching, conditioning, cloning, brainwashing - Utopian speak right? The Director oversees all of this, everything is controlled percisely clones are produced according to a Greek class system consisting of Alphas, Betas, etc. Each hatchling is then conditioned according to their destiny to have certain talents and be repelled by others. Perfection! There is no wanting there is no needing it is all provided for. And if you can't handle something there is always SOMA in tablet form to take you away to blissful retreats.Bernard and Lenina do not quite fit into the mold of perfection. Bernard as an Alpha isn't quite as strapping that he should be and there is talk of alcohol being supplied to him pre-hatching. Lenina has been in a longer term relationship with Henry, and that is unheard of. You are to copulate freely with no thought or care of any consequences because there are none, no babies are born there are no diseases. Lenina is pressured to try out others so she seeks our Bernard and they are off to the Savage Reservation. The Savage Reservation represents the stuff of pure nightmares the dystopian on the fringes society at least to the hatchlings. Which is better Utopia or Dystopia? Is it a matter of perception or reality?When reading books such as this that were written so long ago but are still so relevant I am always amazed. Cloning, conditioning, morality questions, we as a modern society struggle with these daily. Should we or shouldn't we? To struggle or not to struggle. There is so much within these pages to think about, things you recognize and so much social commentary. That utopian society may be closer than you think."
I read this book as an adolescent and just now read it again. Hard to believe this book was written in the  1930s  and still has lessons to teach of ourselves and our government systems.
This is the first time I've read this classic story and the moral is more appropriate than it was when it was first published.
"Huxley's prediction is absolutely terrifyingly perfect. In every way does it live up to how a groundbreaking, head of its time, novel should be written. Brave New World will challenge the ways you think and the way society thinks around you. As disturbing as it it is addictive, Brave New World does not disappoint for the serious reader, but even the mild reader will feel the appalling effects that a once in a generation novel has on a person. Just to sidenote, it triumphs 1984 in every way imaginable, and be sure to check out BNW Revisited."
I could not finish this book. I don't understand how it could be so famous. Unreadable nonsense that never seems to go anywhere.
This book talks about what the future can do and may change. The thing I liked about this book it is intresting to read and it had various storys going on in the chapters. I recommend this book to anyone who is intrested in what they may think the future will be with all the genetic engineering happening in the world.
This is a book that has to be experienced. The juxtaposition of Shakespeare and mindlessness mixed with an assembly-line society isn't synopsis friendly.
I read this book in High School over 50 years ago and I really did not appreciate it then. This time around I found it to be an excellent book to read. To have such insight to write this type of story in 1932 was amazing. Highly recommend the book.
"I typically read, deliberately, at a slower pace so that I can really absorb quality writing, but more than any other this book had me speed-reading through sections to simply get through it. Beyond the vain and gratuitous writing style, the formatting on the Kindle edition is obnoxious, and the natural book's formatting doesn't help. There's a section somewhere that just lists single lines of unrelated dialogue, unattributed, spoken by several characters not talking to each other. That goes on for pages and is just totally incoherent, and I think well-representative of the style of narrative here. I'm not saying that section is wholly impenetrable or that the reader can't assume who is talking where, just that it demonstrates a certain kind of free-flowing, stream of consciousness writing style that I personally find disagreeable at worst and gimmicky at best. Had I been more willing to become immersed in the story I might have better enjoyed the endlessly gratuitous descriptions or the ""clever"" imaginary lexicon the writer endlessly employs.I will say this, though: the last two chapters were actually terrific and I enjoyed them immensely, but in my opinion getting to them wasn't worth the time."
Huxley is a genius! A great look into what the world may be becoming. I wish there were a modern film made of this book that could justify its genius!
"One of my first ""Science Fiction""  reads. Worth reading and thinking about. Great analogy reading in this century! I would recommend to anyone.."
This book was okay but it starts off slow and then it gets a lot better for the good and bad.
"As the novel opens with an introduction to a reproduction plant, where humans are decanted en masse to suit a specific purpose. In it we learn of the new morality, where recreational sex is expected. This section reminded me very much an episode of the ""Coneheads"" on Saturday Night Live where the father and mother are aghast that their daughter didn't have sex on her first date. Later on we meet John Savage, who lives on a reservation where natural reproduction remains. Because his mother hails from the land of civilization and does not understand the society's rules, her wanton behavior invites derision from the neighbors. John suffers as a result of his mother's outcast status and is confused by his mother's teachings from her Hypnopaedic memory. When Lenina Crone and Bernard Marx visit from civilization, they bring John and his mother back with them. John becomes a famous curiosity in the Brave New World and the light of his fame shines on Lenina and Bernard, a light that is destroyed when John refuses to entertain high society members. Unable to bear the spotlight, he retreats to a lighthouse where his bizarre behavior is spotted and filmed by a ravenous media. The resulting press of curious visitors drive him to madness and suicide.The novel can be viewed as a warning to modern society against rampant homogenization and commercialization, but it was written during the rise of Fascism, Communism, and Industrialization where society's needs trumped individuality. It's certainly thought provoking."
"Book gets a little better the more you read. Its just a strange, awkward book to read. Its hard to stay focused."
This isn't a new book it's been around for a long time what makes it interesting now is the same thing that makes George Orwell's book 1984 seem like a Nostradamus prediction.I find a lot of these old semi science Fiction books actually predicted our future. I recommend this book because it is a well written classic and everyone should read the old books to find out what good writing is all about.
"This was a very foretelling book, many of the things he predicted in this book are now happening although life is nowhere near as cozy as his view of it was, it does have most of the loss of freedom though."
"Thanks for curing my insomnia. Why do they dictate how long my review is,will they also tell me what to write?"
It's a good book if you like future based books also if you are taking high school level English teachers will use this book as an assignment.
"Not a dark book of the horrors of dystopia.  Huxley shows the reader how his vision of the future would be seen through the eyes of its everyday inhabitants.  Imagine a world where people are engineered for their pre-selected careers.  Now imagine how those people are kept happy, healthy and prosperous.What could go wrong in such an Eden?"
This is a great classic that I highly recommend re-reading.  I enjoyed it almost as much as I did the first time around and found the story very timely.
"***This review may contain spoilers***  Unlike merely books in ""Fahrenheit 451"", the utopia/dystopian (utodystopian?) society of Brave New World (hereafter ""Brave"") has eliminated many other things and concepts that could cause a person anxiety or distress - turbulent history, sexual inhibition, obeying parents, raising children, dissatisfaction with your lot in life, getting old and decrepit, moral pangs of conscience, persecution, funerals.  Indulge all your senses and impulses. Love one another.  Subsume your annoying identity with unifying chants. Perpetuate the race with ""ex utero"" fertilizations and condition the embryos to perform and like (however menial) different work positions.  Cremate the dead quickly and recycle their phosphate residue.  It's okay, because hedonism is the ultimate goal of ""Brave""'s society, because it helps stabilize society.  Everybody's always happy, right? Er, well, not always.  Depression has a way of infecting some of ""Brave""'s citizens, especially the intellectually discontent Helmholtz Watson and, to a more hesitant extent, Bernard Marx. No problem, because endless grams of the ""happy pill"" soma (which means ""body"" in Greek) will make your body feel younger and better, at least for a while.  You'll eventually ""crash"", but the landing is gentler than with other drugs, and you can always take more soma.  Aldous Huxley's matter-of-fact description of ""Brave""'s world makes it sound chillingly repellent to most of us.  But, as most futuristic science writers are wont to do, he is not actually predicting a radically new and forbidding world.  Instead, he is taking contemporary themes and occupations and extending them to grotesque extremes.  We already partake in many of ""Brave''s pleasures, because we do not want to live in pain and fear.  Maybe ""Brave""'s world is sterile, stagnant, and brain-deadening, but for many of us it is a small price to pay to feel good and calm.  Even Mustapha Mond, Western Europe Controller, admits this to John Savage, but chose ""Brave''s world to live in because, as much as he liked science and discovery, he preferred the safe, steady duty of preserving others' happiness.  We may shun ""Brave""'s world, but how about returning to pristine nature? The Native American people of the Savage Reservations must be living free, independent, productive, and religious lives, right?  Huxley denies us such an easily preferable alternative.  As Bernard Marx, seeking an antidote to unsettling civilization, along with his escort Lenina, discovers, reservation pueblo life is filthy, harsh, primitive, and unsettling.  The people, like Popé, lover of John Savage's mother, Linda, can still be promiscuous and abusive.  Even events the pueblo ironically shares with ""Brave""'s society, the ritualistic, meditative chants and religious ceremonies, seem barbaric.  Linda, a former ""Brave New World"" citizen who was abandoned at this reservation, has deteriorated physically and is desperate to leave.  Her son John, on the other hand, has tried to assimilate within this wild but spiritual culture but has been rejected.  Therefore, he agrees to accompany Bernard to the ""Brave"" civilized world but gradually becomes appalled by its ungodly practices.  Eventually, this Tarzan-like figure seeks solitude to purify himself, but curious mobs keep intruding upon his ascetic, self-flagellating life, until he tragically has had enough.  Huxley dramatically provides two societal extremes to choose from.  The choices are Scylla and Charybdis, or if you prefer, a rock and a harder rock.  He seems to suggest that extreme carnality on one side and extreme spirituality on the other are equally unwise choices, because both choices are equally selfish and neither choice preserves and advances society.  But Huxley unobtrusively suggests a third goal for mankind, hinted at by a new biological treatise that Mustapha Mond reviews, admires, but ultimately rejects as heretical: ""It was the sort of idea that might easily decondition the more unsettled minds among the higher castes - make them lose their faith in happiness as the Sovereign Good and take to believing, instead, that the goal was somewhere beyond, somewhere outside the present human sphere; that the purpose of life was not the maintenance of well-being, but some intensification and refining of consciousness, some enlargement of knowledge.  Which was, the Controller reflected, quite possibly true.""  By following this altruistic path of evolving knowledge and spiritual consciousness (a theme also espoused in ""Fahrenheit 451""), a culture may also grow, but INCIDENTALLY experience happiness and morality, rather than single-mindedly pursuing them as goals in themselves.  Banished to islands because of their independent thinking and discontent, Helmholtz and Bernard have a chance to tread upon that path.  It's a pity John Savage, who had the best chance and potential to find that path, was not exiled to a secluded island as well."
"This was the book that made me a reader when I was a whippersnapper.  The philosophies, ideas and foreshadowing of the future was so profound it made me want to know and understand more. If you haven't read this masterpiece, then stop wasting time!"
"I read Brave New World eons ago when I was quite young and was very impressed.A reread had the narrative pouring through my brain like cold, clear water after ages of drought for the first thirty pages or so.  As I dug through the rest of the novel, however, I realised that Huxley was more than a bit like the fictional Kilgore Trout.  He had great ideas, brilliant ideas, but he was a total loss as a novelist.  I was resonating with his ideas at the beginning of the novel, not his style.  As I read on, it became impossible to ignore his style as new ideas dried up after the first 30-40 pages and it became time to see what he could do with the ideas.Quite a disappointment.  The ideas were 75 years ahead of their time, however."
"I skimmed this book in high school and this time I actually went through it and paid attention. There's a lot of social commentary here, some of the way people think in this book is very close to the way some people think today. I think it also shows a startling contrast between a world with no ""morals"" and one with ""morals"" and how those worlds don't always interact well. All in all I think it's a great read, short, sweet, almost entirely to the point. Definitely a classic."
"Having read 1984 just a few weeks ago I thought it would be an interesting exercise to read this one now and compare the two.Both are equally disturbing, but in different ways. 1984 is a controlled society through an oppressive and total control regime. Brave New World is a controlled society through a type of genetic manipulation/breeding and conditioning. Overall I think I would rate this book slightly higher that 1984 since it seems more believable.Both books contain material that is very relevant to current day politics and should be a warning sign for a lot of things that are being toted as 'progress' in modern day America."
I've heard about this book for years and finally bought it and read it. To be very honest it's just not that good in my opinion of course. I know it's a classic but just not very believable through most of it. I also know it's fiction and really doesn't have to be believable but it is just to far fetched for me.
"It seems to me that Huxley's reply to Orwell's 1984 is ""At least your dystopia can produce an interesting story.""I found BNW dull at times, compelling at others, but mostly both. This pivotal work of political science fiction definitely made me think twice about certain developments occuring in today's judgemental and materialistic society, and the direction I would have us go from here."
"I do not have the time to fill out all this info every time I purchase something,,  A simple Star rating is enough. Don't want to be Forced to fill this out"
"I think this is a good book and shows us what society is slowly becoming today. It is not a book that you can read fast as you have to really take some time to understand some of the thoughts that some have in the book. Is this utopia or dystrophy that the masses are living in the book? I do not believe the people really know as they have no chance to make their own decisions but are told what must be done by the leader. Fortunately there is another alternative one can fit in if they do not fit into his self pleasuring, working environment. A very good book that would benefit all I believe."
"For far too long, people have showered Mr. Huxley in praise for his ""prophetic"" vision of a future we are now clearly living in some 80 years later. If this book had been written by a historical scholar with a great imagination and had no prior knowledge of what would happen, I too would be showering such an author with praise. Unfortunately, after research of his family ties to eugenics/population control science through his brother Julian Huxley and blatant indifference to the hellish world he flaunts through his novel, we must deduce that he was in favor of the concepts presented.Brave New World is a conglomeration of information that the scientific classes of society have been working heavily on for a couple hundred years. In his 1962 address to Berkley, Huxley reveals repeatedly that he didn't come up with these theories himself. He speaks as a mouth-piece for the technocratic classes that dominate social engineering.His is a lecture given by a powerful member of an elite family to an elite university (UC Berkeley). It describes the ultimate dictatorship powers available to the ruling class today thanks to technology, psychology, and a physiological understanding of the human brain. Reveals that the majority of people are very suggestible via simple hypnosis techniques, and gives some examples. A fascinating yet grim glimpse into the world of the elite.Remember ""ultimate"" means ""last."" The technotronic revolution is meant to be the final revolution, after which revolution will no longer be possible because our brains will not be capable of forming such concepts as resistance or revolution. I suspect this review will arouse blind rage for speaking the truth about this book, which only validates the theories driven home in this book. As Huxley said himself: ""Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know"".This man was rubbing elbows with the elite ruling class of the world during his lifetime, often times being partially responsible for some of the more bizarre personalities of the 20th century. Infamous occultist/Satanist, Aleister Crowley, was a tutor to Huxley early in his life. Crowley of course being correlated with the decadent lifestyle of the ruling classes had one motto: ""if it feels good, do it"".In a world that has seemingly submitted themselves to the glow of the LCD screen, hedonistic lifestyles, endless military conflict and pharmaceutical sedation- we can safely say that the plans of the Final Revolution proposed in his work have rooted themselves firmly in the back-bone of society. Today, we have multi-billionaires such as Bill Gates or Ted Turner gallivanting around the globe forcing vaccine shots on the poor under the guise of curing ailments for these lost souls of Third-World nations- this is just the books ""prophecy"" in action. If you listen to the rhetoric of the globalist crowds, it's clear they've deemed themselves the powers of God and decide who deserves to live and die. To hear them talk, human-kind should be thinned out just as if it were a herd of deer.I say to these people: if you're so worried about over-population, start with yourself and put a gun to YOUR head.There lies my principle concern with this novel. It is well written and up until a couple decades ago, was just entertaining fodder for ""what could be, but never will happen, right?"". Wrong, it's happening now and it's not by accident. It's also not because of this book. Huxley isn't against these ideas and that's what should stir the readers who consume this novel. He came from a family that was focused on tearing down religion through creating a scientific state.Praising and back-slapping Huxley for Brave New World is simply ironic. It would be like the Japanese reading the blue-print plans for an atom bomb and saying ""isn't this great? How prophetic"". It's not great, it's simply sad and depressing BUT if people can break their trance induced by mind-control mechanisms detailed in this book, MAYBE we can reverse the globalist agenda for their evil ""New World Order"" and restore humanity to peace without manipulation from the smallest percentage of society."
"A Brave New World gets better at around Ch 8. With the director threatning to banish Benard and Benard able to blackmail him with the meeting of Linda and her son. He is going to bring them to the utopia society. It has unique literary devices.  It is simalar to Shakespear's Tempest. For tenth grade literature it is good. This book does have a lot of allutions from Hamlet and the Tempest. Unfortunatly, it shows how a genticlly modified society could be which connects to mansanto and the geneticlly modifying of food. Each chapter got better and better the ending connects with the beginning and to Christianitity.  It is a phenomenal ending a must read."
"I had to read this for high school so it was forced reading, but I really liked the book since I enjoy stories based on future societies where a government has taken control of the population. Overall it was a good read, and I'm glad it was assigned to us."
"If you love books like ""1984"", or Vonnegut's short story ""Harrison Bergeron"", this book is a must read. Huxley started a great trend"
"Just finished (Feb. 2013) Huxley's famous ""Brave New World.""  I've got to say, it was--for me (I'm not the brightest bulb in the lamp)--enigmatic.  The theme deals with a futuristic world where an omnipotent government which sees itself as benevolent controls every aspect of society, in order to promote all-important social stability and contentment of people.  Of course, the irony is that the price is individual freedom and the loss of basic ""humanness"" (my convoluted term, not Huxley's).Huxley's writing and command of language are mesmerizing.  The characters are beyond odd, and I felt the characterizations were inconsistent and a bit unbelievable, even when suspending basic disbelief in buying into this utopian/dystopian sci-fi plot.  The story and dialogue dragged after a rip-roaring beginning and became ponderous at some points.  Still, the imagination and creativity displayed by Huxley were remarkable, particularly in that the story was written in the early-1930s.Overall, a worthwhile read and justifiably famous for its groundbreaking nature; but still a bit flawed.  Gave it 4-stars in a nod to its well earned place among English language classics.  If it were written today, it would likely not fair as well."
"The book is a fictional, fascinating blend of biotech science as might be combined with our social 'world views'.  It should be essential reading in our schools today.  The writer was indeed gifted."
"An author with a vision. Very clearly a trend in our society, Will we deteriorate even further in the future?"
"Maybe it's just that it was written so long ago, but I have found the story difficult to follow.  It is very choppy and bouncy between characters.  I get the idea because I can see it happening today, but the character development is lacking."
"Simply amazing how accurate and scary Huxley describes aspects of our modern world from the '30s. From antidepressants to Xbox, Huxley seemed to know they were coming."
"I loved this book. I'm a huge fan of 1984 and other dystopian novels. It's a relatively quick read, but very powerful.It takes place in the future. Humans are produced in groups (no one is a ""parent,"" gives birth to children) as Alphas, Betas, and so on, and are bred to perform certain jobs. Then, a ""savage"" is introduced into that society - a savage who is still human, like we are now.Very interesting. A good read for our current times."
this book came in great condition and the standard shipping was very quick! Very happy with this buy! This book is sturdy and will last me years!
"I needed these right away for a class since we were 5 books short, and they were here within 3 days! Books in excellent shape!"
This was my first time reading this book and was not disappointed. I'm not sure if they fixed the grammar errors others reviewers described but it seemed fine to me. Worth the money.
Great classic inhumane science fiction but no single movie is made for this.  I am guessing it is because of the grotesque baby conditioning process.  You think?
"This product arrived on time and in good condition.  It is a classic book that I wanted to read, it was good. Not great."
"I enjoyed it.  Required reading for those who have read Atlas Shrugged.  Following it up with Brave New World Revisited is a good idea.  Unfortunately, I think most of Despicable Me's minions won't understand the warning."
"Fasinating book, so insightful about what the future my hold. I enjoyed this book, the plot is interesting and the social commentary is thought provoking."
If you liked 1984 then you will love this book. In a utopian society everything seems great but to me blind happiness is no good. This book kept me interested while challenging my thinking.
"Definitely a good narrative on futurism and its warning signs. I did feel interested while reading it, but it was not the best book I've ever read. Still a good book though"
Read it. It is a good book and you should read it. It doesn't have any cats in it tho
"BRAVE NEW WORLD is Aldous Huxley's rather grim (though nowhere near as grim as Orwell's) picture of a far-off future, one where babies are decanted from a bottle and conditioned through sleep education and Pavlovian techniques to be completely satisfied with their class and occupation; where the rulers rule by granting every wish; and where every battle in the sexual revolution has been fought and won.  But even in this idyllic world, there are occasional malcontents, and Bernard Marx is one.  Either through an accident in the test tube, or some other twist of fate, he does not quite fit in with his Alpha plus brothers and sisters, and like so many others in a like frame of mind, his inferiority complex pushes him to grab for leverage in a society that treats him like an outcast.It's doubtful that a synopsis for BRAVE NEW WORLD is really necessary after all this time; besides, it isn't the particulars that are important so much as the ideas.  Huxley's contribution to the dystopian pantheon isn't crammed full of dire warnings about secret police and an iron-fisted ruler governing by fear - on the contrary, the citizens of this world are herded and corralled with the cattle-prod of happiness.  Drugs, sex, and hypnotic conditioning create a society that is completely satisfied with itself.I first read BRAVE NEW WORLD as a teen-ager, and I seem to remember liking it quite a bit, but at that time, I was probably pretty keen on the idea of a free love society such as the one Huxley built.  Re-reading all these years later, I was surprised at how little of that admiration remained.  My first thought was that while the novel may have been ground-breaking when it was first published, it hasn't aged well (or, perhaps, I haven't aged well.  One or the other, I suppose.)  But in the Harper Perennial Classic edition that I have, there is an uncredited afterward that describes the initial reaction from critics that BRAVE NEW WORLD provoked.  It says that 'the majority of reviewers dismissed (it) as weak in plot and characterization, shallow, mechanical in structure, and monotonous in tone.  In dismissing the book, it wasn't that many critics failed to understand what point Huxley was making, but rather that they did not find his point relevent, insightful, alarming, or particularly original.'  That about sums up how I felt about it, all these years later."
"Enjoyed this read, with everything that is going on in the world,especially our country,it makes complete and total sense. Lot of what I think is considered old English but thanks to the kindle dictionary was able to manage. There are a few words that are totally made up, but as long as you're paying attention it is understandable."
"remembered how good this book was, and now I have it. thank you good condition, and got it in a good amount of time"
"Would a future totalitarian society be all that bad if every single person - from the day they were born - was truly happy with their lot in life? That is the question Brave New World asks, and Aldous Huxley leaves it up to the reader to decide the answer.I've re-read this book several times and each time I'm glad I did. That is because it is an enjoyable story, first and foremost. The characters have sufficient depth, the locales are peculiar and attention-grabbing, and the underlying message is enough to make you stop and think.Brave New World revolves around three main characters. First, there's Bernard Marx, an elite ""Alpha Plus"" who is uncertain about how he fits into society. Then, there is Mustapha Mond, the World Controller for Western Europe, a man who reads The Holy Bible and Shakespeare, despite his society's ban on these ""pornographic books"". Finally, we have John (named John Savage when he visits Bernard's world), the son of two World State citizens raised in the remote hostility of a Savage Reservation. The interactions and thoughts of these three characters forms the skeleton of the book, and it is through their eyes that we view the World State of the future. The reader learns about how babies are ""decanted"" in the future, how they are bred and conditioned for their role in society, how entertainment plays a role in keeping them happy, and how unhappiness can be quickly whisked away by a gramme of Soma, a powerful drug that has no debilitating side-effects. Of course, it would be easy for the author to jab his finger at you from the pages and scream ""SEE?!? SEE?!?! See what a society without freedom looks like? Isn't it horrible?"", but he doesn't. In fact, the world of Year of Our Ford 632 doesn't seem so bad at all when you consider disease, war, and unhappiness have all been snuffed out of existence.But at what cost?Midway through the book, we meet John. Biologically, a son of the World State, but philosophically a student of the old religions and old literature of the old world. But don't misunderstand. John is not necessarily the book's ""everyman"". Many of his emotions and actions (like self-flagellation) are still foreign to a modern reader. Bernard - who has at this point accepted that he is ""different"" compared to his fellow World State-ers -  brings John to his home to show him off to his peers. Naturally, many aspects of the World State are appalling to John, and this conflict continues all the way to the book's conclusion.Something I found remarkable is that the author, Huxley, gives us plenty of chances to sympathize with many of the various characters. Bernard Marx is not the ""good guy"" nor the ""bad guy"". In another story, the World Controller Mond might have been the evil villain trying to destroy any freedom, and John Savage might have been the passionate hero who wins the pretty girl and ultimately brings that freedom to society. But none of this occurs. The characters in Brave New World are just people, thrust into a world of perfect happiness and perfect harmony, and they each react in their own way. Sure, it's cute to see how the author envisioned the future, and perhaps a bit scary to see some of his ""predictions"" coming true, but that isn't what makes this book great. What makes it great is that it allows the reader to come to his/her own conclusions. To you, perhaps the World State seems terrifying, or maybe it seems like a nice place to live. To you, perhaps John Savage is the hero, or perhaps the logic and compassion in Mustapha Mond's final words and final actions resonate with you more. Maybe you can relate best to Bernard Marx's flawed personality. I suppose the choice is really yours, because Huxley doesn't make that choice for you.A lot of people say that the story is about entertainment media taking over our society, or about drugs, or about a controlling government, or about morality. I don't think Huxley intended the book to be exclusively about any one of those things, although of course the book makes a statement about them all. As stated above, Brave New World lets you draw your own conclusions about the World State instead of trying to grab you by the collar while screaming ""SEE?!? SEE?!? See how horrible a world full of drugs and genetic manipulation would be?""Now, I rate this book a full 5 stars, but here is the ""but..."" of the review. For the majority of the book, we are treated to a fascinating romp through future science, future sociology, and future beliefs. However, toward the end of the book, John and Mustapha Mond engage in a very lengthy conversation about society and morals and God. To me, I really enjoyed this part. It was a great answer to my lingering question of ""Why did society become this way?"". To others, it might come off as a preachy, show-offy exposition from Huxley's own heart. Mustapha makes a point about human psychology, and John counters with Shakespeare. Mustapah points to the World State's ""happiness"", and John counters with God. Mustapha talks about bliss, and John talks about struggling for joy. I enjoyed it, but you might not, especially since it breaks away from the overall pace and feel of the rest of the book.Nevertheless, this book is well worth reading. It can be finished by a diligent reader in a weekend, and it contains a lot of thought-provoking ideas that will stick with you long after the final page."
"This is Huxley's best book in my opinion. The novel is simply a masterpiece of art. Huxley is able to describe our modern society and also make predictions about where we could go if things keep heading in the direction they are going, but does so in a subtle yet captivating way. The amazing part is that Brave New World was written in 1932, but most aspects of it still applies to today's world, nearly a century later.The plot of this book is wildly interesting and keeps you entertain, while also leaving you thinking about today's world and how things could be different. Brave New World is a tale about a Utopian society in the future where babies are no longer born to parents but are instead created and raised in hatcheries where they are divided into different classes. The society is an unemotional, but always happy society due to the drug they take daily, soma.The plot dances around several different worlds where the societies are different ever so slightly and leaves the characters asking if they should go live in one of the different, more natural worlds, or stay in the Utopian society which is London in the 2500's.I highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for an entertaining yet mentally stimulating book. Brave New World is one of the all time classics and is a must read for anyone looking to educated themselves."
Outstanding! By far one of the best books I've ever read. Despite it's age this book remains very relative and futuristic with a great plot and character development.
I must read for everyone in my opinion. It is stunning to see the things from this book that are coming true.
"I've never read a futuristic book and gone ""Man, that could happen to us"" as much as with ""Brave New World.""I see the main positive points of ""Brave New World"" as the following:1. Incredibly detailed. Shows you what the future looks like, what it feels like, what it smells like, desires, technology, buildings, etc. Everything you want in an immersive novel.2. Hauntingly accurate. So many aspects of this future society ring true to an accurate extrapolation of our current lives. From the focus on pleasure, to the communal nature of things, it feels like it could be our future reality.Keep in mind there are some slightly graphic references, but overall it's an incredibly well-written sci-fi novel that I highly recommend."
Hmmmm- this book along with 1984 should be required reading for everyone. If you spoke to someone from the 1930's and you told them that we live in a world where every move we make is recorded and everyone takes antidepressants to ignore their problems- they would be horrified.
"It was a good story for sure, but i felt at times there needed to be more descriptions. It was a complex story. But a great story nonetheless."
"Having to read this for English class, and I must say that out of all the books I've had to read, this is the best and most engaging."
The classic Huxley story in handy paperback. My kids needed it for school. Didn't we all? A great hand-me-down. Check it out.
arrived in great shape working great would recommend to anyone better then I was expecting it to be might order more later on
This book can be seen as fascinating by all due to Huxley' s interpretation of a civilized society and it's dangerous effects.
"Brave New World is still as relevant today as at the time it was written.  A real treat for the imagination, and a good workout for the brain.  Huxley causes one to question our deepest psychological constructs and our perceptions of reality.  A challenging, intriguing, and mind-boggling ride of exploration on the human experience."
This book is an awesome read. The theme is timeless. This is a text that should be read in school and during ones leisure.
If this is the future i hope its far off :P all though it was a little bit interesting some parts.
"This was a gift.  The person receiving this was pleased.  And, they said that they were happy to receive it."
"Aldous Huxley creates in this book the ""Brave New World"", a hilarious commentary on what may be considered a scientific ideal set in the future, or commentary on the expectations in his own 20th century realizations of a scientific movement. Either way, the ""Brave New World"" does not disappoint the reader. You can expect a little hilarity in every chapter concerning his observations indicative of a heightened sense of awareness of the concerns in society. Those things that the modern world takes for granted are copiously elaborated in his ""Brave New World"", unexpected and uniquely distinguished with an air of humor. His observations are elaborate and of a keen sense and the writing is excellent and a joy to read. The chapters are relatively short and never laborious or containing any sense of tedium. I would recommend this book to anyone for a good reading experience and a wonderful adventure into the ""Brave New World""."
"If you like a good novel that makes you think - pick up Brave New World! If you're looking for a satisfying narrative, you may want to look elsewhere. The first 3/4 of the book were interesting and well done, but the story rushed to a conclusion that didn't feel satisfactory in any way. Not that I need to have happy endings, but it felt rushed and incomplete.."
The book is a classic novel. High school students love this book. They can't believe the prophetic element to the novel.
"I find it surprising every time I've read this how much Huxley gets right in his predictions of the future. Some of the horrifying things in the book look possible now. When is maximizing the value we place on technological and social progress actually good for humanity, and when is it detrimental? Very valid questions about the psychological, sociological, and ethical impacts of technology are raised which are valid to this day. I'm not a Luddite, but I sometimes wonder if that position wouldn't be reasonable."
everyone should read. My honey and I have begun to read this together..it is amazing the paralles you will find to todays society
"When I first read this book it was a far out scfi book.  But given the times today, It was just plain scary!"
Have read it before and looking to re-read it on my Kindle. My grand daughter needs to read it for school.
"I chose to read Brave New World because I had heard that it was very similar to Nineteen Eighty Four by George Orwell, which is my all-time favorite book because of its dystopian nature. Now, Brave New World is also on the list of my favorite books, for the very same reason. This book makes you question marketing methods and moral issues. I thoroughly enjoyed how Aldous Huxley brought historical figures to life with the allusion of names to scientists and theories that he used in the book repeatedly. The symbolism of zippers throughout the book communicates how their society is formed by convenience. The novel is extremely ironic, which is shown through many conversations that characters have and ideas that are portrayed as well such as sacrifice, art, and age. This book was written in 1932, which is fascinating because of how closely it reflects today's society of consumerism and technology. Brave New World has given me a new outlook on individuality. It is a difficult book to get in to at first, I had to read the first nine chapters twice, but it helped me understand how their society was formed and brought up. This is a deep book with elevated diction, eliminating the opportunity for everyone to read it but the ideas presented are invaluable."
This was a book I had read in high school and really enjoyed. I thought this would make a great addition to my library at home.
"if youre a George Orwell fan or has already read  the Russian ""We"", you must read this classic. Great book."
"I bought this book for my English lit class,I'm a first year college student and it arrived within 3 days in perfect condition. i would resell it but my bf spilled latte all over it!!"
This is one of my favorite books.  The scary thing is it is becoming more and more reflective of today's society.
Very interesting view of an alternate reality of which mankind could be subjected to. Let us hope that we can refrain from such a concept as portrayed by this great book.
This is a great book and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.  I would recommend it for anyone who likes science fiction novels.
"This book is very timely.  Unfortunately, it is almost too real.  Not there yet, but on our way.  Too bad."
"Aldous Huxley's dystopian classic ""Brave New World"" is a dark look into what humanity could become if a worldwide government is given complete control of everything.  The story opens with a tour through a London hatching and conditioning center.  In this center, fetuses are altered in various ways at various times by exposing them to foreign substances, or by denying them things (like oxygen) for certain periods of time.  This is done to create different classes of people by altering their  intelligence and conditioning their preferences.  The conditioning is continued as the children grow up.  They are raised not by parents, but by the government, and are taught to love everything, to enjoy anything they want (including child sex), and to depend on a daily ration of a drug called ""Soma"".  All thought and opinion has been stripped from the public and replaced with whatever propaganda the government has deemed appropriate.  In return, everyone is provided for and taken care of by the government.The story is scary.  No doubt about it.  This situation - as farfetched as it may seem to some - is in a lot of ways, exactly where society is headed.  With the increasing power of the United Nations, the ""political correctness"" that is being pushed on everyone, and the record number of people signing up for welfare, it's not hard to see that a one government world where the people exchange freedom for provision is not that far away.  So from a story idea perspective, Huxley's tale is horrifyingly ingenious - especially since it was written in the early 1930s.My complaint about the book is that it's not enjoyable to read, it jumps around a lot, and the ending is terrible.  The focus of the story moves around from character to character.  Huxley spends chapters developing a character, only to abandon that character later in the book for a new one.  This is done repeatedly.  And while most of those characters do come back into play at different points in the novel, none of them really develop into a ""main character"" except for maybe John ""the savage"" and he doesn't even appear in the book till it's half over.  ***Spoiler ahead***  What makes matters worse, is that as the book draws to its end, you as the reader are wondering how Huxley plans to wrap all of this up in just a few last pages.  How does he do it?  He has the main character (John) hang himself.  No warning, no debate, no dialogue, and no epilogue to tie things together or elaborate.  John is simply upset at the way he handled the mob situation, and the next day someone finds him hanging from the rafters.  The end.As I compare this book to other classic dystopian stories like ""1984"" or ""Fahrenheit 451"", I believe that the idea of the book is equally compelling, but not nearly as well executed and certainly not as much fun to read.  Classic or not, I can't give this one more that three stars."
"If you are a fan of Huxley's work, you will undoubtedly enjoy 'Brave New World'. Aldous is never afraid of asking the big questions; he remains true to his unique style."
Obviously I dont understand why this is a classic.  Word usage was wrong often.  Finish it but I wasn't impressed by this author.
"Huxley's Brave New World can be quite straining to keep up with but it's quite a unique and fascinating concept. Though with all the complex scientific terms and vocabulary, it may seem like rigorous reading but it's riveting and will urge you to read more."
Wow! This book shows how easy it can be to control the masses by giving them everything they want. The future is here.
"Overall seemed to be some what predictive of the future, i.e.; genetic engineering, no morals, no God, isolated reserves for the economic, physical and less fortunate outsiders, and the quest for youthful appearance and health - however, the details of the reality of today's comparisons to these events are way off."
This book was almost exactly what one would expect from a dystopian future novel written in the past. there are several paralells between Mr. Huxley's future and our own present but
"I read Aldoux Huxley's The Island (a eutopian vision) first, and needed to know how the opposite side of his vision felt.  This book must have been revolutionary, shocking, horrifying to people when it was written.  The overarching themes of god, love, family and government play out in a truly strange, but not unimaginable way.  I'm glad I got to check off another ""classic"" from my list"
"Brave New World is a unique satire on contemporary society.  It uses a futuristic utopia to critique modern (1932) issues of science, religion, and society in general.The problem with the novel is style.  It's pedantic.  There are a few gems in Brave New World.  For example, in the beginning when Huxley goes between narratives 2-3 times per page.  However, for the most part, Huxley bluntly reiterates the same ideas.  The Savage's conversations on the virtue of Shakespearean morality is especially obtuse.Orwell's ""1984"" is a masterpiece.  In comparison, ""Brave New World"" felt like a sophomoric attempt."
I was forced to read this in high school. I didn't remember it so... amazing how the society in the book mirrors our own.
This is overrated the book is boring as hell. I wouldn't recommend it to someone unless they were forced to read for a class.
"It eerily predicts a lot about the consumerism and pleasure seeking of our current society which is slowly turning sex into entertainment, putting aside its reproduction. It predicts cloning on a wholesale scale and defines classes of people cloned to do a certain job. Even the most intelligent are brainwashed. Isn't that what our society is becoming"
The only thing that others might not appreciate about this type of print of the book is that the ends of the pages are ruff. Thus the pages can be tricky to turn as you read the book. Otherwise I like hold and handle of the book overall.
"The first time I read Brave New World I was a teenager and I would have given it 5 stars then. This, and books such as Lord of the Flies, were really my introduction to thinking and caring about the way people and societies work.I still give it 4 stars but for slightly different reasons.  Yes, the technologies are outdated and the reader has to get past that.  The 'savage' character is rather over the top but is therefore useful to look in from the outside at the other characters who could be everyday members of our community. The current trends of society are the same as  governments, religions, and industry attempt to stabilize, control and profit from the public. There is a willingness by at least some of the public to accept these trends but  I don't believe any readers will identify themselves as Gammas or Epsilons.  Huxley was able to draw a picture that is extreme but is naggingly familiar.I will dig out my old paperback with its notes and read it yet again.  Yes, it is old and a bit tattered, but I refuse to throw it  away and buy new."
"Huxley's Brave New World was a clear pioneer of early dystopian novels. The book is a frequent pop-culture reference, and is still a must-read for that reason. But, it's questionable whether this will stand the test of time.The novel revolves around a hyper-sexualized people that focus on pleasure and happiness - at the cost of reality. The basic premise is novel and exciting, but is aging. Newer dystopian novels and films (i.e., The Children of Men) seem to have a grit and closeness to reality that Huxley's book never delivers.As most dystopias aim to warn the ills of centralization, this follows suit. Unfortunately, the history and possibility for the development seems underdeveloped and unexplored."
Good book.  It was a book for my son's English class.  He enjoyed the book.  The book was in great condition.
CAUTION: The cover shown is NOT the cover of the book you receive. I was a little disappointed because I wanted this cover but I still got the book I wanted.
"Huxley's Brave New World is a choppy, disjointed, not so harmonious account of a future in which everyone is genetically engineered and conditioned to be happy. Should anything unhappy occur, there is always soma, a plant derived drug on which the entire society is dependent. In this 'Brave New World' the terms 'mom' and 'dad' and 'parents' have become such curse words. Every member of society was conceived in a lab, the less important members conceived in multitudes, creating up to 96 identical people who are destined to perform the same mundane task their entire life, and be happy about it. Everything seems to be going very smoothly, until an 'Alpha' (member of the highest caste of society) by name of Bernard takes a vacation to a 'savage' reservation. When he returns, he brings with him John, a savage from the reservation. John, raised in a world of vastly different morals, struggles to assimilate into a society in which monogamy is shameful, babies are developed in bottles, and no one has ever read Shakespeare or the Bible. Huxley's book feels like a commentary on communism and socialism, but it is hard to care about the message he is sending, when none of the characters are engaging enough to identify with. It almost seems as though Huxley had a great idea, but couldn't quite make a story out of it. Overall, an interesting idea, poorly developed."
"If you can't overcome adversity, then how can you be a man? And if you can't be a man, you might as well be a baby. Verbal montage. Outdated skull classification terminology. Feelies. Orgy-porgy."
Loved it.. It was exactly as stated when purchased. There were no faults or flaws in the product ordered through this company.
I hade to buy this book for class and I got it inthe kindle edition. It was very easy to use and will buy more this way
"Sadly, I can see how the world has changed more towards Huxley's vision between the decade or two separating my readings of this story. Fortunately, it has inspired me to look closely at the priorities I have in my life and work to be more like the savages."
"As i'm sure is the case for many a young student i was assigned to read this book in high school and of course i read the first to chapters and quickly place the book don't and picked up a video game controller. After finally completing the book i can't help but feel like i've filled a hole in my literary knowledge.  This book is certainly still, if not ever more relevant as we continue to make choices that determine the direction of our society."
"I originally read this as an assignment in high school.  I was not only shocked by the adult content back then but also the fact that someone from so long ago could predict the future in so many ways.  Now that I've started to reread it, it still surprises me.  How could someone predict something like cloning??  It's not the easiest book to read.  When I come across a word I've never heard of, I smile and tell myself the author was trying to prove how smart he was.  But don't be put off, it is an interesting read."
"I still haven't finished the book as it's written very dry, but the content is so interesting and valid for this time in progression of our societies.  Could this Brave New World be what we have to look forward to?"
"Brave New World is one of the most important dystopian novels of all time. It was written by British author Aldous Huxley in 1932. This book describes an awful future society controlled by a totalitarian one-world government.The novel is set in the far future in a society which is divided into five distinct castes - Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons. Alphas are at the top of society; Epsilons are at the bottom. The entire world is under control of a one-world government, similar to the United Nations today, called the World State. In this society, people are not born, but grown in bottles in a factory. Nobody has, or is allowed to have, a family. Everyone's lives are already set in stone from the very beginning. Everyone is constantly brainwashed to be content with their position on the hierarchy, and if they are not, they are given by the government for free a drug called soma, which is a hallucinogen. In addition, promiscuity is encouraged and practiced by all members of this society. With everyone given unlimited access to instant gratification, nobody wants to or even thinks about rebelling.In his novel, Huxley warns about the dangers of technology and population control. The world population in the story is kept steady at about two billion, with the government in complete control of reproduction. Amazingly for the time it was written, the book also warns of the dangers of genetic engineering, which is the way the castes are determined. Television and drugs, which are the primary ways the World State keeps control, are also warned about in the book. Huxley most likely wrote the story as a warning, not as entertainment.I strongly recommend Brave New World for all people age 14 and older to read. The message it makes about certain aspects of society are invaluable. Given that today's society and the one portrayed in the novel have many strong and disturbing similarities, I feel that this book is a wake-up call for today's increasingly sheeplike generation. Huxley's greatest novel is a great guide for what not to allow our society to become."
This is one of my top ten favorite books. You must read it more than once. Each time I read it I find some new insight regarding the human psyche.
"You must buy this, don't hold back no matter what other reviews say.  This is top quality and is a must have if you are considering it"
"Rating 4/5 due to the writing style being somewhat difficult to grasp at times. Beyond that, brilliant story with strong imagery and messages."
I purchased this novel for my son for his english class.  I could not see renting the books when I could purchase them and keep them for future use.
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World challenges the current image of future success and details consequences of following status quo.  Set in London in A.F. 632 (After Ford), this novel portrays the danger of the idealism of a future utopian society.  At first readers are met with the extremes of this world: mass reproductive breeding occurs on an assembly line instead of natural human reproduction, the idealism of open sex without the present security of monogamous relationship even so that children are having sex, discrimination through brainwashing of young minds.  Huxley successful describes each of these characteristics as he takes readers into the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Center. Huxley's writing style remains descriptive throughout the book and it is easy for readers to imagine what life is like in this futuristic world.  Although sometimes disturbing, these descriptions are necessary for readers to grasp the significance of actions in this particular setting.  Without details of the setting, readers will not understand the danger of going against the norm. Even so, Huxley challenges the effectiveness of the norm he presents through a character known as John the Savage.  John came to London after living in New Mexico with the traditional ways of today.  Upon arriving, he notices that citizens aren't genuinely happy; they have just believed what they've been told.  He sees the injustice of drugging individuals with ""soma"" a drug providing euphoria and suppressing reality. Although a bit extreme at times, Huxley's presentation challenges society's desire for instant gratification, unending happiness and superficiality.  The novel is certainly worth a read.  Beyond its literary merit it provides a window into the fate of the population of these desires don't curb and allows for some soul searching on the reader's part."
"this has got to be the most boring book i have ever read, & maybe that is because i am younger  & it was written in 1932 but it was horrible i didn't understand a dang word.. i am very dissapointed too i was really looking forward to this book .."
"This is another one of those ""dystopian"" novels that seemed popular in the first half of the 20th century. It fits in perfectly with novels like ""1984"" and ""Fahrenheit 451"". Of those three novels, I believe this came first. The funny thing about this book is that the future doesn't seem completely terrible, unlike the latter two novels, although I might compare the entire population of the earth (in ""Brave New World"") to the proletariats (in ""1984"").See, in this novel nobody seems to be unhappy at all. They are literally born to do the jobs they will perform for their entire adult lives, and love those jobs. Each person is born into a certain ""caste"" and they are happy to be in that caste, and envy no one in any other castes. The lowest of the low are referred to as epsilon - minus, semi-morons. This is interesting, as epsilon is a common mathematical number that defines how much error a function may allow. In this book, the epsilons (as a general class), represent the lowest possible mental and social state of humanity.Of course, their are more intelligent people as well. The castes are, from highest to lowest: Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, Epsilon. That's quite a bit like a typical grading system of A, B, C, D, F. As you can imagine, the Alphas are the smartest, and the list goes down from there. But the thing is, each caste member is truly satisfied by their caste membership. The novel makes a pretty logical reason why the caste members are happy with their lot in life.Sex is treated in a completely pragmatic fashion, and emotions are almost completely subdued.With the help of a super narcotic, the populace is able to enjoy life and extravagant recreation - devoid of all sadness and driven by a natural tendency to ""consume"". Everything is in place to allow a person to go through life almost without any spikes in emotion. Even death is a conditioned response.The missing element in this picture is humanity. Essentially, those in control have tried their best to keep any highs and lows within a certain amount of error (epsilon). The central question is the running of civilization vs. the individual spirit. It seems that, to keep a civilization going, we need to make certain sacrifices individually - and it's easy to make those sacrifices when we don't realize that we are making those sacrifices.However, there are about 5 major characters, and I think each one represents a different amount of humanity - or at least different levels of humanity. In this version of the future, it's possible to step outside the bounds of what is acceptable, but you are not doomed if you do so. Instead, you are offered a quite reasonable accommodation.Aldous Huxley offers extremely complex characters, but each is allowed to act within a certain epsilon of ranges - he wrote in very delicate shades of meaning. In fact, I'm pretty certain that I've never read an author who has presented me with more ""gray areas"" within the thinking of each character. Mr. Huxley is a very deep and complicated author who was ahead of his time. Those novels ""1984"" and ""Fahrenheit 451"" presented dystopias that were easily regarded as undesirable, whereas ""Brave New World"" presents a future that is not so obviously flawed. In fact, my wife asserts that this future was actually desirable - but she's a bleeding heart socialist, so that doesn't surprise me. ""Brave New World"" does, in my mind, present a more deviously dystopian future than the other two novels. I believe each of the major characters is meant to ask, in total, all of the questions we, the readers, might have.In the end, this novel was gripping and a serious page turner. Every night, it inspired a great debate between my wife and me, and its overall game plan is one of subtlety instead of shock.I'll bet that, after you read the novel, you will be able to spot this particular plot in many movies - particularly ""The Matrix""."
"(Spoilers are labeled; read at your own risk.)""...In the past you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort and after years of hard moral training. Now you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets, and there you are. Anybody can be virtuous now. You can carry at least half your mortality about in a bottle. Christianity without tears--that's what soma is..."" ""...But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin...""This dialogue between the Controller and the Savage sums up ""Brave New World."" It is a fantastical place where there is complete societal order, where there is no disease, no famine, and no war. But there is also no freedom. This is the third time I've read this book, and, quite honestly, there are still sections where I have no idea what is going on. This is not the kind of book you can read once (ala Hunger Games) and have it all down. It's the kind of book where you need to read it as you progress in your life, because it will have different meanings for you at different moments, and at various times. For instance, I read this at the end of High School and thought it was the worst book ever. I skimmed much of it as it didn't seem to make any sense. At the advice of a friend, I re-read it in College, and low and behold, it started to make some sense. Now this third time, I can say even more of it clicked.There are unforgettable sequences, particularly the opening one (i.e. with the babies), the ""orgy,"" and the shock and awe inspired by a ""Savage."" (MAJOR SPOILER) The character arc for the main protagonist, Bernard Marx, is most interesting, as he turns into what he hates most, then, for whatever reason, doesn't want to leave the Brave New World he at once hated.I've heard from a lot of people the US is becoming more and more the Brave New World, where we worship consumerism, and are moving away from God.(MINOR SPOILERS) I would say that while we've certainly had our freedom chipped away from within (i.e. the Patriot Act), we remain one of the more free societies on earth. We aren't yet hatched and forced into castes. I hear you protesting: but, Americans do make the sign of the A, while some 50 million (give or take) pop Zoloft daily, and contraception is being thrown at our teenagers. (In BNW the sign of the T, as in Model-T Ford, is placed instead of the sign of the cross, and today's equivalent would undoubtedly be Apple; soma is used to placate the masses and I'm assuming would be equivalent to a Zoloft, though at times, particularly during the orgy or during the ""holidays,"" it sounds more like Ecstacy or Special K.) Alas, this is another reason BNW is a 5-star classic; it has in a lot of ways held true for the structure of our society today. (END SPOILERS)My recommendation is to read this book. There will be sections where you say to yourself, ""I have no idea what's happening, or who's talking,"" but stick with it. It all comes together, and the unforgettable parts make it worth it, particularly the middle and the very end.-Raeden Zen"
"i didnt really care to much for the book it self, it was only for an english class i was taking at the time."
"This book is entirely too wordy. As great of an author as Aldous Huxley is.....he bogged this book down with every word in the english language. I'm no scholar or human encyclopedia, but I'm far from a moron. After learning the reasoning behind Jim Morrison's band name selection, ""The Doors"", I found myself researching Aldous Huxley's ""The Doors of Perception."" This was put into action because Jim Morrison was all about experimental drug usage and his decisions in life and poetry selections were due in part to many of his readings from Aldous Huxley's books. I thought ""Brave New World"" may live up to the hype, but I was wrong. I'm sure there's plenty of overly positive reviews on this book, but I'll let you be the judge."
"always keep in mind that it was written in the late 30s. The story, as well as the details, sound really actual."
"Everyone in high school got to read this, except me, because I skipped up to a higher Eng class that year, so I wanted to read this. I found it a very enjoyable read, with a great plot and a twisted atmosphere."
This is a book that makes you think. It makes you look at society and see how progress has both upsides and downsides. My only complaint is that the book feels unfinished. The ending seems like such a change from the pace of the book. It felt rushed and incomplete
"Brave New World was written in 1932 and gives a far more convincing picture of future life than the 1949 GeorgeOrwell dystopian novel 1984. Orwell assumes that people can be controlled by totalitarian systems of the right or left,but the failures of Hitler, Stalin, Mao and their lesser imitators show that this is not true. The wider Huxley perceivedthat control is exerted by infantilizing the populace through an arranged life without care or reflection, filled just asit is today in Silicon Valley by entertaining gadgetry, soothing drugs, inane mass activity, while the puppet strings aremanipulated by oligarchs and technocrats.  Huxley and Orwell were two of the best, brightest and most honest writersof the 20th century who are not at all dated because they understand the core issues of mankind, but Huxleypossessed an amazing erudition that lept forward to the self-deceiving and limited cyberworld, psychologicalmanipulation and unjustified self-satisfaction of this very moment. Asked toward the end of his life what was themeaning of life, he said ""to wake up""."
"I'd never read it, so I picked it up of course. It's good to understand the references now. I wasn't a huge fan but I think perhaps having heard about this book so many times, the concept of it didn't blow me away as much as it would have if I hadn't known what to expect."
Classic.
"While we are not fully here yet, I am sure there are many whom would love to see it this way"
Really interesting and not as stuffy as I thought it might be. Interesting to think that Huxley's ideas may be coming true!
"my absoluite favorite book, not for the closed mindedi think its a great look at how society could turn out if we focused on efficiencyi think a must read for anyone who likes the whole utopian/ dystopian genre."
"I'm older and have never gotten around to these old classics, so I'm really enjoying them - this is a good one."
This book is a classic. Its a must read and must have in your library.
Did not read this yet.
"I read this book when I was in high school. My cousin advised me not to read it cause it was odd and so I went in the quest to find the book. Back then, I still think what I think now, and what many critics have said, ""It's ahead of its time"".I admit, the book does start a little bit boring and it isn't everyone's type of read either, but I love the book. As I find myself from time to time relating daily events to the book. How people are starting to move/act more by the demands of the system can only remind me more of this story. Huxley wrote a tale that has locked itself in my mind."
"Well, what can I say? 2 stars only and probably a lot of reasons why. In the beginning I think it took too long to get to the story. Maybe the beginning is meant to explain the world the events take place in. But it did not work for me. Then the book reached a part where I felt things were starting to happen, characters to follow were introduced.. But there was not one character you could've followed through the hole story. And that is something I think I would've needed here. I did not really care what happened to the characters.I really like the idea of the story though! The world as so different than what it's like really. I think if the world would've been introduced while introducing characters and the story going forward, I would really have liked this book. But not every book is suitable for everyones' tastes, so this one just was not meant for me. There were parts where I really got into it but they were too short for me to stay excited. Sci-fi for me can only work so often."
"Brave New World absolutely rocked me--it's the quintessential dystopian novel and a true classic. Set in a futuristic, atheistic world, it presents a truly horrifying nightmare vision of what society can become, a consumer-based machine that is completely mechanized and lacking humanity.It's hard to believe that it was written so long ago (it was written in 1931). It's testament to the author's incredible insight and almost eerie intuition, because I feel like there are many ways that our current society does represent his vision. Huxley had a deep understanding of societal issues and an extreme viewpoint of evolution. Brave New World is set at the Central London Hatching and Conditioning Center, where they develop a scientific process for cloning, that they call ""The Bokanovsky Process."" Embryos are developed to produce twins, and then put into different castes where they're conditioned to play certain roles in society until they're fully developed.The exploration of the ""new world"" Huxley creates so vividly is riveting--the setting alone is enough to keep you turning the pages. I did have some issues relating to some of the characters, though; I wish some of them had more dimension.  The premise is so creepy and provocative and unique, it really makes you wonder if something like this could ever happen.Brave New World is very compelling and thought-provoking. Make sure you're ready to be disturbed!"
"Although artfully written, the work is a bit long winded for shorter novel. The references are dated and take a little bit to get into the correct mindset to enjoy. It plays out better in your head than it does on "" paper "". The story though makes up for any shortcomings and leads the reader along an intriguing story of a world in which social happiness trumps personal independence and starts the thought prices of "" is there to much of a food thing""."
"Brave New WorldHuxley uses almost 85%(15 chapters) of this great literary work to weave fantasy into a somewhat gripping story,showing us where we're ""headed"". (At a much faster rate during the first 80 years since its publicationthan he envisioned.)  It seems, we've come about 85% of the way to""Utopia"" in about 15% of the 632years he alloted.The final 15% (3 chapters) of Brave New World is where the ""meat"" of the book is; ie, the choice of Heaven OnEarth vs. the possibility of Heaven after death.One of my strongest doubts about Christianity is the depiction of Heaven as some kind of etheral bliss thatseems, almost, sufficatingly boring.  We aren't all alike.  One man's pleasure is another woman's poison.  (I'ma bit ashamed to bow to PC.)Contrary to most Christian theology that bemoans the fact that Adam & Eve chose the fruit of the ""Tree OFKnowledge"" rather than the ""Tree Of Life"".  I thank God that, becaue of that choice, we've put off ""Utopia""for a few million years!"
"Brave New World transports its readers to a dystopian society in the future that worships technology, indulges in hedonism, and submits to authoritarianism. Individuals who question technological pursuits, reject pleasure-seeking, and fight against the sociopolitical system quickly find themselves in dangerous circumstances. While the true protagonist (""The Savage"") is not even introduced until halfway through the book, which I consider an overall weakness of the story, the painstakingly detailed description of the setting and the intriguing cast of other characters we meet in the beginning creates substantial momentum to keep the reader quite enthralled. The themes are sobering, especially when compared to the realities of our day, and force you to think deeply about human nature, the interplay between science and ethics, and how to find true fulfillment in life."
"Extremely boring in many stretches.  Really, it's more an exposition of a future possible state, with archetypes instead of characters, and long, highly technical descriptions of factories and flying machines.  Don't look for subtle emotions or subtle anything here - I guess that wasn't the point.For a dystopian novel, I'd highly recommend Orwell's 1984 instead.But two stars for Brave New World's prescience and the obvious smarts of its author, and that affecting scene of the conditioning of the Delta babies (poor things!).Lastly, I am surprised this is required reading for many English classes - it could really turn off students to dystopian literature."
"I first read this book back in high school, about '75 and remembered it as being quite ""weird"", so now I am working in the school for the last ten years that I graduated from and the kids are reading it and really talking about it so I re-read it, still ""weird"" I can see why it was banned for a while.  Strong character going through tough times."
"I had read this book as a required reading in college (many years ago) and I had forgotten how dismal I thought it was back then. My view has not changed. It give credence to the suggestion that a group of monkies hammering away at a bevy of typewriters could somehow produce a work of this sort. It appears that Huxley simply entered random words on paper as they popped up in his brain(?). Brave New Worlds, indeed.I would suggest reading Mad Magazine instead."
"maybe im crazy but what is wrong with endless casual sex, drugs with no bad side wffects, no hard labor and so on?  they dont torture you like in 1984 if you dont agree theyjust send you away to live with other like minded people so you do have choice.  ok so the duplicated endlessly breeded laborers arent so great but thats minor and they can fix that.  but seriously book still holds up pretty well except zome of the narration style felt awkward but still good."
"I read all types of books..but somehow the oldies are the best! Classic, thought provoking work. A must read for everyone."
"Written in 1932, perhaps Huxley was looking at the extremes of communism and Naziism which attempted to shape society into a utopian country filled with happy workers that were completely loyal and obedient. Huxley saw that despite the technological advances and relative peace these places offered, there was something insidious in any design which sought to so rigidly constrict its people. Like George Orwell in his book 1984, Huxley sought to educate the world through entertainment, and humanize the the dangers of a totalitarian state in an unforgettable way"
I know most people should have read This book.in school  for some reason it was past by   i have seen reviews  i would recommend  to any one who like sci-fi
"I am known for my lack of focus on one particular piece of literature at a time. This book, however, pulled me in and I set aside all other projects. Within four days I had finished it and was actually quite sad when the book ended. It's a brilliant look on civilization and culture and how technological advances can cause drastic changes to each in a very short amount of time."
Huxley paints a vivid image of a future that is both believable and unsettling. The conflict between 'happiness' and the fulfillment that comes from struggle and pain has rarely been explored in such a relatable manner.
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a keen observation of the possibilities that could take place in the future if the presnt trends of the day continued. Huxley envisioned a future where social and genetic engineering altered the fundamental nature of human life. The bureaucratic nature of government continued to expand and had a more restrictive influence on human freedoms. The government had a systematic program for indoctrinating children to conform to the accepted social constructs of the day.People lost their revoultuionary fervor because they had an illusion of freedom. The people in Brave New World lived a hedonistic lifestyle where unlimited sexual gratification and the use of the pleasure drug soma caused few people to question the controversial measures of governmental and bureaucratic institutions. Huxley displayed a keen insight that people would seek to escape the confines of modern life and seek excitement in more primitive environments. People went on vacation in ""Savage Reservations."" In a way, Huxley predicted the popularity of shows like ""Survivor.""The plot of the story is fanciful and outrageous. Brave New World is not a great book from a literary standpoint. However, it is an important commentary of the dangers of social and genetic engineering. Huxley was right on by inferring that people in modern society would tend to stop paying attention to important political and cultural developments and seek to insulate themselves in a fantasy world of pleasure. This can be seen in the fact that large segments of American society protested the Vietnam War while few paid much attention to American developments in the conflicts with Afghanistan and Iraq. People were too busy playing fantasy sports, video games, posting on social media sites, and completely absorbing themselves in the products of the entertainment industry.Despite any weaknesses in the book, Brave New World is an essential read for those who are concerned at the eroding civil liberties in America. Huxley was a keen observer who has a lot of important things to say. Don't be distracted by the more ridiculous developments of the plot. A deeper analysis of the governmental policies and the resulting constructs of the core values promoted in the society make this an illuminating commentary on the dangerous trends of the current day."
"Fantastic read. Similar to Ayn Rand's Anthem, Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451, and George Orwell's 1984. If you liked any of these, this book should already be on your bookshelf."
"Like most other reviewers, I was required as a student to read this book (probably in high school) but could only recall one or two minor episodes and decided to give it another go as an adult. BNW is far from horrible--a few scenes are even charming--but I don't quite agree with most of the five-star reviewers here and don't think this book would endure much longer if it were dropped from public school curricula.First of all, let's admit that all the books selected for students to read in our schools are chosen mainly for brevity. Many of our ""great books"" are simply novella-length works that have no dirty words. In this case, what we're looking at is a short novel--Brave New World--in which all the characters are very shallow--each of them (okay, we can argue about the savage, but I'd suggest he's only a supporting player) does only one thing and has only one single, character-defining mood. This makes BNW more of a pantomime or fable than it is a genuine novel. Further, none of these characters undergoes any changes. Granted, the external circumstances will change for a few of them, as soon as the novel is over (in fact I'd really like to know what happens next)--but none of the characters undergoes a realization or awakening. Do they? They all just get moved from one societal pigeonhole to another. And the climax of the novel is a philosophical discussion, but that discussion might just as well have been presented in chapter one, since all that's needed to generate it is to get a certain pair of these characters together in the same room at the same time. The plot of BNW is just a conveyer belt to brings these two characters together. And again, neither one of them is changed by their confrontation (even if one leaves it better informed). Within these sorts of limitations, BNW probably is still a book ""that everyone should read."" Just don't expect any flesh-and-blood human beings in these pages or expect more than pantomime emotions. This is a parable.I also want to point out a couple of things that the other reviewers here seem to have overlooked (no, I didn't read all of these reviews, but I did read most). For one thing, the utopia or dystopia in BNW is a Communist state. (That's probably the other reason why we all read this book in school--it was supposed to bolster our fear of the Commies and what they would do to us if they ever got the chance. Anyone who doubts that this ""new world"" society is communistic should notice that the two main characters are named n honor of Marx and Lenin.) True, this new society also worships Henry Ford--but they do so because of Ford's pioneering role in mass production, not for his contributions to capitalism. Since these people also worship Freud (and even consider Freud a dimension or alter-ego of Ford), it's clear that their love of Ford stems from his efforts to make our society more like an ant farm, which of course is the very same reason they value psychology. In short then, reviewers who comment that our own society is becoming ""more and more like"" this brave new world must have overlooked a critical dimension. If we are becoming ""more and more like"" these fictional characters, it's not because of Communism or the top-down governmental coercion seen in the novel, but rather it's because we have free will and a free market system that targets the pleasure principle. In other words, the reader ought not just to consider the commonalities between ""us"" and ""them,"" but also to bear in the mind the DISTINCTIONS. We are like them--but not for the reasons that Huxley predicted. We are like them because, in effect, a consumer economy which consistently targets the lowest common denominator is, equally, a kind of psychic tyranny. Or so at least this novel might suggest.Another thing I didn't read in the reviews here is mention of the fact that NONE of the characters in BNW are truly happy--and this in a society which claims individual happiness to be the paramount good. Every single character here whom Huxley considers as a distinct individual turns out to feel unfulfilled in the new brave world and--despite all the heavy conditioning they've each endured--each one secretly feels out of place somehow. Several reviewers here have concluded that all these characters are ""exceptions"" to the rule of a generally blissful society--but a more logical conclusion would be that they each represent the societal norm and that no one in the dystopia is as comfy--even after all their extensive conditioning--as their programmers would have you believe. In other words, don't believe all that hype in chapter one. I suggest Huxley is saying that the brave new world fails everybody--not that it works for most, but a couple of unfortunate souls might get lost along the way. If a society truly works for most, then it ought to be morally acceptable, at least under the ""greatest good for the greatest number"" theory. But in this book, there's a ""new world order"" that brings authentic happiness to virtually no one. Their whole ideology is nothing but an advertising campaign, and every citizen whose private thoughts we're allowed to peep into lives that same old life of quiet desperation we all know so well.I can't decide if I'm done with this review or not. Maybe if I get a few comments, I'll add to it later."
"Everyone has read this book, perhaps a few times. It stands up to time and has much to say to us even today....This version is excellent. Good job and great read."
"Brave New World was one of the best fiction books I've read in a long time. I love the future it's set in, particularly since it was written pre computer and during an age where everything was mechanical."
"In a remarkable bit of prescience, Huxley saw that the logic and full achievement of ""sexual liberation"" required the destruction not just of religion, particularly Christianity, but also of fatherhood and motherhood.  Hence, in the brave new world, motherhood is the ultimate obscenity and fatherhood is the funniest joke.  We are on the path.  Redefining marriage as the union of two persons without regard to gender removes from the law any sanction of or role for ""mother"" or ""father.""  Next step: to valorize either is to be guilty of hate speech because with that valorizing one is demeaning the human dignity of gay men and lesbians and all others who insist on bringing children into the world free from, in every sense that matters, mother or father or both."
"This is a very interesting and  futuristic novel. Aldous Huxley makes you think when you read and re-read his novel. I have to thank my professor for making this a required text! Pick up a copy, I'm sure you will love it!"
"Huxley’s book is one of the leading dystopian texts. It imagines a world set some six hundred years in the future, where people are controlled not by force but through pleasure. Everything a person could desire is easily available. There is work and food for all and unlimited sex. The drug Soma takes care of anything else. The price is the absolute abandonment of families in favour of mass ‘hatchings’ of identical babies, and an extensive conditioning program that teaches everyone to be satisfied with their lot. History and religion are no more, but also neither are guilt and passions.The world is explored through the eyes of a few of its citizens. Most accept the status quo happily, but a very few are misfits. None so much as John the Savage, who has lived his life on a reservation and learned of humanity through Shakespeare.While there is much that is intriguing, in fact it is an astonishing creation for its time, the narrative structure and unsympathetic characters will not please everyone. They do serve to suitably differentiate the future from our own and Huxley’s predictions about technology and inventive use of new terms and concepts strongly assist in this, including with some amusing parodies of religion. It is easy to see why it got banned in various places. The payoff is the wonderfully cynical justification for it all given by Mustapha Mond. Here Huxley shows his writing skills and supplies a heap of meaty quotes for the students out there.  It is an intriguing argument, that while humans will fight against oppression they might go very quietly into the night for a handful of seductive rewards. Brave New World is a thought provoking and given where we’ve come, a worryingly prophetic work. Given this was written more than eighty years ago, it is a remarkable piece of literature."
Read this in highschool over 50 years ago.  Keeps it's age well.  Kindle version is great! Recommend to all. Enjoy.
"""Murder kills only the individual--and, after all, what is an individual?""""What is an individual?"" may be the central question of Brave New World. What is his worth? To himself? To society? It's an interesting question, especially within the context of Aldous Huxley's novel and his world of mass-produced ""individuals."" Individuals who have been conditioned to be just like everyone else. [Yes, you may now say, ""We're all individuals!"" ""I'm not!""]The mass production of people, identical people, is a fascinating concept, and Huxley handles it in a way that is, frankly, amazing. Especially considering that the ideas he was dealing with hadn't really been invented yet. Especially the genetic engineering part, which is not what he calls it, but the concept is there. Basing it all around Henry Ford's assembly line transformed it into a vast social commentary which, evidently, didn't meet with much favor in his day. [Ford was still alive when the book was published in 1932, and I wondered about how he felt about Huxley's use of him in the book, but, as far as I could find, Ford never commented on it. I have to wonder, especially considering the initial reception of Brave New World, if he even knew.]The real temptation here is to not talk about the book at all but to talk about Huxley and the context from which he was writing, about how he had wanted to be a doctor and his very scientific mind, which you can certainly see in the book. Not just in the science he talks about in creating people (which, yes, is fictional, but was probably quite plausible from 1930), but in all of the things he envisioned: helicopters, immersive television (which may be just around the corner), and social controls involving government-sponsored drug programs.The book threw me right at the beginning. It starts out with a tour of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre, and that's exactly what it is, a tour of the facility and, thus, the world setting for the reader. We follow a few of the side characters around for a bit before we are finally introduced (quite a ways in) to one of the major characters, and we're introduced to him through the eyes of ""normal individuals"" who see him as an odd one. We wouldn't necessarily see him that way but, once we've gotten to know the conditioned people, we're able to see him as someone who doesn't quite fit into ""normal"" society. And to say more would be to start spoiling the story, and I don't actually want to do that.One other interesting bit is that the book was known as an ""anti-utopian"" when it came out. It's interesting to me in that the term ""dystopian"" already existed; it just wasn't in common usage. But Brave New World may be the best example of an actual dystopian novel that I've ever seen, from a literary standpoint, that is. Dystopian being something that looks utopian but has something sick or rotten at its core. That's actually part of the core of this book, too. Society is stable and people are happy. What have they had to give up? Individuality. Or, as it is put at one point (and this is a bit of a spoiler), the freedom to choose to be unhappy.It's an interesting question, especially in a society that values the right to pursue happiness. If you were offered the option of a happiness, even artificial happiness, and all it meant was giving up the right to choose to be unhappy, would you do it? Would you choose a place that is basically a land of perpetual happiness and pleasure if it meant giving up the things that differentiate you from other people, because, after all, it is the things that make us different that make us unhappy. The things that set us apart. Sure, they are the things that make us who we are, but they are also the things that cause unhappiness in us. Too short? Too plain? Imperfect teeth? Too dumb? Too smart? Not a problem. None of them.Unless, you know, someone gets too much alcohol in your blood-surrogate."
Sorry I bought it. Not my idea of life and am applauded by what I read. I put it on my Kindle Fire so I can delete it.
I am building a library and the subjects I'm interested this book is perfect for. Book arrived in perfect condition.
"Reading Brave New World, in the wake of 1984 by Orwell, was interesting to say the least. Orwell's apocalyptic rendering of a future controlled by Big Brother is horrifying, and is a wake-up call to all of us to maintain a certain degree of vigilance to ensure it never happens. But that said, Brave New World provides a different slant - depicting a world of perfection, the utopian dream where everyone has everything they need, all the drugs, all the sex, all the success and all they have to do is to conform and chant the mantra of the ""perfect system"". I would be inclined to say that in some respects, Huxley's rendering is more real in that it embraces a trend which is already developing in our world - where people want luxury and pleasure and all the needs of life, and are willing to pay a price for it - freedom. Moreover, BNW reveals a utopian society which is really the result of oligarchies which have achieved a totalitarian power and who want to maintain their control by creating the perfect playing field for the pawns below them. Considering the trends in our world, conglomeration, global corporate monopolies, and the aggrandization of power and wealth under the banking institutions, it is not inconceivable. Although I will say this about both 1984 and Brave New World - both books leave one with a sense of hopelessness, that should we ever come to those places, as depicted in the books, that mankind will not have the power nor the will to overcome the collective forces of this new world order. On that count I disagree. History is replete with oligarchies which rose and eventually fell by the hand of their own corruption and at the hand of free men and free women who refused to bow and to be slaves. I believe that the very essence of who we are, precludes ultimate slavery and that in the end, no matter how well someone tries to build the walls around us, utopian or Big Brother alike - we will break them down and restore order. I hope it never comes to that, but in any case, both books are a necessary read and are a brilliant edification on the subject."
"This was one of the only books that I was assigned in high school that I've continued to enjoy. Gives some really powerful lessons about progress, and the cost of progress. (don't get me wrong, I *love* technology)"
"I read this book after stumbling across the surprisingly excellent 'The age of Aquarius' by A W Findlay and wanting to read something with similar themes. While both books have a great sense of atmosphere and place - a vaguely recognizable world, savagery, displaced into a dystopia which presents a grim world where you don't know if there will be a happy ending or not...Both authors have robust imagination and portray worlds which we can relate to somehow. After all, promiscuity, weird experiences that arise from the forests of the Amazon and sexual behavior taken to extremes is not at all uncommon nowadays.Anyway, both led me to the last page (I wont spoil it on either) pretty quickly..."
You need to read this to know our current world. I saw:That people will do anything to escape their pain.Medicine can enslave people.Most people do not want the responsibility of freedom.There will always be people who resist tyranny.And More.
"Before I write the review, people should know that Brave New World Revisited is usually included in Brave New World. Even though they didn't specify that in the copy I bought, that was the case, so before you decide on buying both, get this one first to see if the other is included.I remember finishing this book while I was dropping down in Poland, and it dawned on me, ""Oh my God, we are living in the Brave New World!"" It seemed implausible to me that this was the case because Huxley wrote the book in 1931. That's 81 years ago. 81 years ago man! Do you know how long ago that is? He had no idea that the media would turn into the manipulating monarchy it has become; that we would be living in a totalitarian world, where the television announcers preach peace, democracy, and other hypocrisy, while the leaders of the world sit in their billion dollar mansions, sipping on billion dollar champagne, reveling in the unfolding of their master plan.I found it quite amusing that he called Mustafa Mond, one of the leaders of Brave New World, The Controller. I only realized the propensity of calling him such a name by the end of the book because he was literally in control of everything. What was most frightening to me is that he was in control of the information that the people could access. He knew about God, Shakespeare, and many other things from the ""Old World"", but in order to keep people subjugated and obedient, he deliberately chose not to allow this information to be spread to the general public. Don't you think that the real leaders of the world, the ones behind the iron curtain, know very well about a variety of things which good actually lead humanity to be liberated? ""But how can this be?"" you may ask. ""That means that the world is being run by bad people!"" Well, if it wasn't do you think there would be any form of war in the world?We are living in the Brave New World Huxley prophesied all those years ago, where the information we receive is controlled; where we, as Huxley put it, are content with our slavery. We have forgotten our humanity. We have forgotten that we are people, that every single one of us in a individual that deserves the utmost respect, and we have been conditioned to cling to the mass organizations because we feel a sense a completeness once we are a part of something. That is what they want. They want a group of blind sheep going wherever the road takes them, and not setting their foot down and saying ""No! We want it differently!""It is a terrible state of affairs, and if you look back at the history of the world, you will see that any dissenter to the status quo has been silenced, crucified, and put down. When I say crucified, I don't just mean Jesus on the cross because he told the Jews they had it wrong. I am also referring to people like JFK, Martin Luther King, and John Lennon. Their voices were heard by millions of people, and they were starting to become a threat, so they were crucified by the murky evil men sitting behind the curtains. How dare I mention these ""mere mortals"" with the name of the ""Lord and Savior"" Jesus Christ? Well, read a little about the history of Christianity; the fabrications which have made us believe that Jesus was the son of God; that in order to be saved, we have to be obedient sheep and to turn ourselves over to Christ. This is exactly what happened in the Brave New World in Huxley's book: information manipulation and information control to keep the people obedient and domesticated. If you dig deep, you will realize that the only thing that Jesus preached was love, and if you dig even deeper, you see that even he said that all external ordinances are not only unnecessary, but harmful because the people who do them feel like they are exempted from performing acts of love. Open your eyes and see. All you have to do to see the truth is to let go of the beliefs you have blindly clung to all your life, and look at things with an open mind. Chances are, the beliefs you have today aren't yours, but were slowly seeded into your mind until you were convinced that they were yours if you really, really think about it.In my opinion, information control and information manipulation is by far the most dangerous thing in the world today. The mass media (including wikipedia) choose what you think. National Geographic documentaries won't tell you anything either, and CNN is probably the biggest horse show running in the world today (apart from the O'Reily Factor). In order for us to be liberated, it is essential that we start reading books. There are where the answers lie; not on Wikipedia, or YouTube, or a DVD documentary where the director has probably been told that he can't show a large portion of the truth because it would be too dangerous. Books. Books Books. Start reading. Whenever you want to know about a subject, buy a book about it, and even then, be skeptical. Keep digging. Dig deeper and deeper until you are entirely convinced by what you have read from different sources that what the authors are saying is true. There are far too many liars in the world today for you to be content with watching anything, so my advice to you is to open and book, and start reading."
"Written in 1932, the warning of social engineering is still relevant in modern times.  Some parts hit pretty close to home in modern times."
"I was 15 the first time I read this book. You know how the teachers are always giving you books to read and report on, ""Of Mice and Men"", ""The Great Gadsby"" and so on. I figured this was going to be one of those. Instead it started me reading and I haven't stopped. I am so excited to see it out again."
"I had to read this book for a class, but I quickly found enjoyment in the reading. The book is not like most modern sci-fi books coming out these days with about || that much depth. It's a probing and thought-provoking read that really makes you think again as you perceive the world. I liked it a lot. The book itself, if you're comparing this Brave New World to another Brave New World, has a pretty neat cover design with raised dots and lettering inked in something that really isn't durable enough to last-it started wearing off the raised dots literally immediately. The page edges are purposely ragged, which, stylistically, is pretty neat..."
I had to read this book for school. This is not a book I'd read on my own. The ending was confusing. I didn't understand what it meant.
"Having seen reviews that this would be a very depressing novel I bought it and started reading, but the only depressing about it was the unengaging content. One of the very few books I quit reading mid-way through.Can not recommend."
Interesting book; read it in high school some 60+ years ago and to see some of his fiction become a reality is amazing.
"After i got through one quarter of the book i knew it is exactly what i expected, this book is like no other i read before, good reading."
"This is a very entertaining book, that I honestly enjoyed reading. It gives a great bit of the author's insight and fears of what the future may hold. I believe it portrays an excellent example of the fear that author had in mind about how certain individuals/organizations can (and may be currently using to) control the masses, by the use of drugs, religion and the chemical alteration of it's citizens. Then an outsider comes into this society, rocks the boat and becomes a celebrity of sorts. But your interpretation may be different. The controlling is a much different matter in the book where instead in this reveiw it sounds crazy, but it all fits. I really liked it, and you might too. Go ahead, give it a read, and if you didn't like it, what did you really lose?"
"This book scared me into a panic attack. I read it in spring of 2008 and this was the world the kids were screaming for. If you want to know what a totally PC world of ""getting along"" would look like, this is it in all its soul crushing glory. As the letter from Huxley to George Orwell that was included in my edition pointed out, it would be easier to con the free peoples of The West into giving up our freedoms than have Big Brother take them. We fought Moscow's Big Brother to the death, but can't get a pop over 16oz in New York City. 1984 is a fairy tale, Brave New World is current social commentary that just happen to have been written well over half a century ago."
"An absolute thought provoker. So many similarities to our world today. It's scary to think that this is where our society could be headed if there aren't some drastic social changes soon. If you liked 1984, you will definitely enjoy A Brave New World. Oh, Brave New World!"
"Brave New World is an amazing balancing act between dystopia and utopia. Huxley's portrayal of a society in which rampant sexuality, class segregation, and indulgence abound is a perfect mirror of the human nature. In writing, the universe of Brave New World sounds like a utopia: people are encouraged to have sexual relations with as many people as possible, drug use and indulgence in fun are encouraged, and everybody is assigned their rightful place in society; nobody is lost. For those who want to forget, Brave New World is a perfect world. Huxley portrays the majority of society as wanting to forget, with the exception of Bernard Marx and Helmholtz Watson, both of whom seem destined to remember. The introduction of John ""The Savage"" into the story ensures that both characters remember the integrity, intelligence, and true emotion that the human spirit is capable of. Huxley's creation of a mocking utopia is a stark warning to today's society. Playing off of today's degrading morals and emerging genetic technology, the world that Huxley portrays in Brave New World may not be too far off if society does not return to the aspects of humans that Huxley champions in the work: true emotion, integrity, and intelligence. A great, thought-provoking read."
"A comment on the ""packaging"": Though the paper quality is nice, the book has rough cut edges, which for me makes the pages harder to turn. When flipping through, it's difficult to turn just one page at a time. Also, the print is a little hard to read; the font is Times style, and the thin parts of the font are much thinner than the thick parts, unusually so, making the letters harder to recognize."
"I went into this book expecting a science fiction book that introduced extreme new ideas of what the future could be like.  The first part of the book did give me that, and I loved it.  The rest of the book, rather than just science fiction, was more a view of humanity and it's evolution because of the science fiction in the book.  I loved every second of it."
"Brave New World is a masterfully written piece of literature that captured my imagination. For people who enjoy fictional novels that also analyze basic human interaction and distinct social norms, Brave New World encapsulates both and is definitely the perfect read. Personally, I enjoyed the sheer differences between our upbringing through families and the form of child""birth"" and childhood experienced by those in the book. The conventional forms of child rearing are thrown out in order to create lasting stability. They conceive children in test tubes, shock them through the Bokanovsky Process, and grow them in containers in massive room. Occupations and caste already determined, these children grow into what the government want them to be. They become a product of the government, and reflect the values and beliefs that the government want in order to achieve stability. The government controls every aspect of everyone's life, whether directly or indirectly, from the time they are conceived in test tubes to when they die. The government's micromanaging of its citizens is what causes the stability, and therefore they also remove the individualism from the person as they control them. This is quite obviously different to how we raise children in our society, but the vast effort put into these differences and other differences in society or humanity are what make Brave New World an intriguing novel. The places that Aldous Huxley chose to keep similar to our society and humanity are what help present the ideas of social change expressed in the book. The most common place where similarities are drawn is through human nature. The humans are naturally selfish and seek to better their situation, even when the community and unity of people is stressed in society, as it is in Brave New World. These parallels allowed me to understand the differences in Brave New World better, and thus made me enjoy the complexity and wittiness of the book. Aldous Huxley took his views on society and human nature and wrote a gripping novel about the true meaning of being an individual."
"A little pricey for such a short book, but then again, its really well written and the story and themes are quite good."
This novel is flawed about the science and the people. It portrays the male characters poorly. Not recommended for scientists and writers.
"I'm fascinated how an authors writing reflects the times they are living in.  This book was published in 1932 after being exposed to WWI, the Great Depression, and the rise of political ISM's.  He hits the nail on the head by showing that even with so called ""utopian society"" not every one is happy.  What is the old axiom - ""You can't please all the people all the time.""  This book is a very good read; but, tries to tackle to many issues all at once.Not that it doesn't make a good story; but, I find it peculiar that all of the authority figures are male and the women are moronic materialistic sex objects (which I can point to several examples in todays society).  The most disturbing issue to me was the idea that if a woman got pregnant the ""father"" was able to cast her off to the savages with no remorse."
"Like the book, just didn't realize it was used for a book report or something of that nature, the writing in it was a little distracting. Other than that it was a good purchase."
"As I write this one, the obvious conclusion is that our society can't wait to reach the ""Brave New World"" of Aldous Huxley. I would say we are half-way there - which for the record I find it catastrophic and a great corruption of the human spirit.Truly a visionary classic of science fiction.Read this one before we finally arrive at the Brave New World. Who knows, maybe there's still something that can be done to prevent further developments towards the bio-technical totalitarian and godless future powerfully conveyed in this book.Of course when the World Government takes over (40 to 50 years from now? maybe we are just 25 years away?), this review will be erased and people will be too high on soma to care anyways."
"Brave New WorldHuxley's classic novel, ""Brave New World"" is a fascinating look at a future utopian world. Sort of an antithesis of ""1984"", this novel is like a liberal paradise/nightmare.  The people are artificially segmented into five classes at birth and designated certain functions in society.  This is where we get the term, ""Alpha Male"".  Alpha males are the highest class of men, intelligent, successful, and desired by women.  Marriage is forbidden and children are created artificially.  People are encouraged to have as many sexual partners as possible.  They take a drug that numbs the mind, so that they do not question authority.  The people are continuously happy.  Our protagonist rebels against the system and discovers a natural world outside the guarded cities where there are no rules, and people marry and have children naturally.  This is an intriguing look at a mad, controlled future.  It poses many political, philosophical, and ethical questions.  This novel is very interesting, enjoyable, and well-written, definitely a classic."
"Simply amazing!  There's a reason this book is a classic.  Ahead of it's time, yet timeless in the issues it addresses.  I highly recommend."
"One of the best dystopian novels.  It can be paired with 1984 or read on its own as an interesting commentary on the way modernity has spoiled our species.  Check out John as a ""noble savage"" and Bernard as a genetic mutation.  Does he sell himself out in the end?  I don't think so, but one could make the case that he shows weakness.  I always felt he showed a side of humanity that people display when they are at war for their lives."
"Amazing book!!! This book is very artistic, deep and sad.  It is hard to imagine this man wrote the book in the 1930s.  Most likely your library will have it."
"Brave New World is set in a futuristic, atheistic world and presents a horrifying vision of what society can become--a mechanized population producing machine based in consumerism. Considering it was written in 1931, the novel shows the authors' extreme genius and eerie intuition. In some ways, our modern society does represent certain elements that he imagined. Huxley clearly had a deep understanding of societal issues. I thought it to be extremely fascinating and riveting.The exploration of this new world is pretty amazing, and enough to keep you going throughout the book. However, I did not relate much to the characters and wished they were developed a little further. The book begins in the Central London Hatching and Conditioning Center where a scientific process that develops embryos, basically cloning, occurs--the Bokanovsky Process. The embryos, which produce twins, are put into different castes where they're conditioned to bring certain things to society until they're developed. The premise is creepy and makes one think, how far are we really from becoming our own brave new world?Brave New World is extremely provocative and a really compelling read. Not for the fainthearted!"
"This is the original book that started the dystopia genre of novels. Futuristic, yet believable. It is hard to believe that this was written in the 1930's, because it reads like a modern book. If you are American, the occasional British English spellings might throw you off a bit, but still easy to comprehend.Pros:*Novel that started an entire genre.*Still extremely relevant.*Realistic...almost everything. Idioms, slang, descriptions, entertainment and names.*Drugs (Soma) and Sex abound. (It works in the book. Just believe me.)Cons:*Switches main characters in the middle.*Doesn't give very much background on the formation of the World State.*Nowdays the Savage Reservation seems unlikely. As well as some of the events that happen there.*Does not explain monetary system well.*Solidarity Services seem to be a stab at Catholicism. Could be offending.*VERY weird and unrealistic ending.Overall, a great read. Will have you turning the pages until early in the morning."
"i really enjoyed 1984, so i figured BNW was another book i'd like.  sadly, i didn't enjoy it.  dystopia novels just may not be my thing."
"Brave New World Book Review by Benjamin Castillo Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is a depiction of how the future will be like from his view point. Even though the future may not be how he describes it to be, where everything is being controlled by the government, the book still has timeless themes. One main idea is that there is no such thing as perfect happiness or a utopian society. Another is the relationship between stability versus individuality. Through his use of interesting characters and creative solutions, Huxley is able to carry out and explain the themes well. One theme that personally stood out to me is stability versus individuality. The New World is a society based on technology, where Ford, representing their god, is worshipped. Ford symbolizes technology and the sense of everybody working together. The people are all created in labs and are conditioned to be in a certain class. The citizens only know about and want to be in the specific class that they were born into. This allows for stability among the people since they are happy with their lives. The people are conditioned to do the job they are assigned to and to never go against the government. Lenina, one of Huxely's well-developed characters, is a prime example of this. However, there are still some ""bad eggs"" in the ""perfect society,"" such as Bernard. He is a top Alpha. Alphas are supposed to be handsome, tall, and loved by everyone, but Bernard doesn't fit the Alpha mold. So he seeks the approval of others. Bernard's desire to fit into his society shows that individuality is not welcome in this society.  Similar to Bernard, John is also seen as an outsider from the New World. His individuality comes from his past. He is from the Savage Reservation, where an ancient tribal group lives. They still believe in natural birth and believe in ancient religious and spiritual rituals. But John's mom is from the New World. Thus, John has parts from both worlds. He was introduced into the New World by Bernard and was used as an example of what not to be. He was seen by the New World society like a circus animal. John initially loved the New World, but then became disgusted by it. He came to the New World thinking that it's the best place ever. John thought that he would be accepted in the New World since everybody there loves each other and are happy. But once he got there, he saw that the people didn't have the same values or beliefs that he had gotten from the Savage Reservation, which were monogamy and morality. So he couldn't live the way he wanted to because it wouldn't have been accepted. So once again, individuality is disallowed in the New World for the purpose of stability. The New World society and government has to be uniformed in order for it to be stable and work well. Individuality loses against stability because it shows that if you try to show your individuality, you will be attacked for it. Thus, individuality does not work for the New World society. Our society also witnesses the same struggle between stability and individuality. Jails, retiring homes, and mental asylums are some ways we separate ""abnormal"" people. One can always try to who one's individuality, but society might not always approve of it. Huxley has great ideas and shows them well throughout the book. It is an overall good book, but I would recommend it more for the science fiction demographic. The book has a lot of specific terms that requires readers to have some background knowledge in science and technology in order for them to understand the story well. However, the book still has themes that our world deals with and therefore, it is worth the read."
"A decent book, but compared to 1984, this book was not that good. Orwell's 1984 was much more enjoyable to read whereas, at times, I felt lost with Brave New World. The line between protagonist and antagonist seemed blurred throughout this book until the end. Perhaps I should read it again to better understand the plot, but overall, I thought 1984 was a better read."
Huxley's dystopian future really digs at our factory made lifestyles and the eventualities once industrial production gets to its runaway state end.  A book more about our own ignoring of the individual as we build bigger and bigger entities where we are just part of the whole.Required reading for anyone who wants to weight pros and cons of mass produced lifestyles.
"The recent success of the movie and book The Hunger Games points out the continuing success of that darkest of science fiction subgenres, dystopic fiction.  This fiction poses future or alternate societies where things have completely fallen apart.  While there were predecessors, the two pioneering works in this field were George Orwell's 1984 and Aldous Huxley's Brave New World.  Interestingly, for those who've read both, we are given two almost completely different dystopias, showing that there many way to develop these unpleasant worlds.A key difference between the two books, however, is that you'd never want to visit Oceania in 1984.  On the other hand, the England of Brave New World seems superficially nice.  It's only when you really look at it that you see the problems.The plot of Brave New World is rather minimal, as Huxley is more interested in describing the world than developing a story.  Essentially, it is the tale of John, a ""savage"" who grew up outside ""civilization"" and enters it, only to find its comforts mask a subtle repression.  For in this world, people are bred and trained from birth to belong to certain classes and do specific functions.  In fact, birth itself is done by machine and to most people, the concept of parents are horrifically obscene.As with 1984, Brave New World - which was written in 1932 - seems to predict some things that are true today.  Besides touching on ""hard"" science fiction ideas like cloning and designer babies, there's the softer science fiction dealing with social trends, in particular with the focus on entertainment to distract the masses.  The citizens of Brave New World may think they're free, but they're incapable of true independent thought; actually, they don't even want to independently think, so long as they have their games and their drugs.Unlike 1984, Brave New World is actually funny; not jokey funny, but the subtler humor of satire.  It is also very readable, if at times a little too talky (especially in the last parts of the book).  Overall, it is an excellent book, even if you're not into science fiction."
"Most of my peers read this in high school.  I somehow managed to get away with not reading it.  A friend suggested it as I had just finished ""The Hunger Games"" trilogy and was looking for something different to read.ProsGiven the book was written in early 1900's it is amazing that you can still picture a ""future"" situation from the situations he talks aboutLots of details about the day to day things and how life is treatedConsOverly detailed book leads to only a semi climatic ending.Did not leaving me wanting to reread it, everI read the book and I can see why some would say it is overrated.  I can also see why some proclaim it as a masterpiece.  I believe for the period written it was brilliant and yet so scandalous.  The idea of a ""lower being"" being one that believes in a God and does not follow the lifestyle of the autonomous is rather interesting.  I read a book for the climax and ending.  This book built up so much about the ""new world"" but ended with a ""pfffft""."
"Although I seem to be in the minority here, I wasn't a big fan of the highly acclaimed, dystopian cult classic BRAVE NEW WORLD. I just didn't get it... well, I ""got it"" but I don't get what all the hype is about.In BRAVE NEW WORLD the people of the new ""Civilized"" world believe they are happy because they want for nothing. All needs are met and all pleasures are provided to them, including mood altering drugs and constant casual sex (everyone belongs to everyone), while marriage and religion are dirty words.  They live in a class system that is programed (brainwashed) into them from conception, of which by the way, happens in a lab, no mommies and daddies. But are they honestly happy? Can they be? These people lack any true individualism, connection, passion or actual choice; so really they are a society of glorified meat robots.  Then there are the Savages that live in small tribe like communities outside Civilization. These are a Native American-like people with a mesh of religions, cultures and a traditional moral standard.  At about the halfway point in the book, the two societies cross paths... and the reader may now commence comparisons. So who's better?...Really they're both a mess.All that, being what it is... a utopia with a definite philosophy (agenda) on how society would best be run, fine I'll except all that, the concept itself holds some interest, but for me it was the execution of BRAVE NEW WORLD that bombed. The story felt...disheveled and scattered and most importantly I felt no connection at all to any of the characters. Really I couldn't care less what happened to any of them. They were so flat and uninteresting that, in the end, I just felt the read as a whole was pretty boring."
This book is excellent and i highly recommend that everyone read this classic but this version is missing pages. Buy a different version!!
"This story comes across as overly philosophical and preachy - particularly at the end - which I found somewhat of a letdown. Whatever happened to Bernard Marx and Lenina?The scenic factor is good during the first half of the book. We get a sense of Huxley's foretelling of escapist Club Med style vacations and internet porn. We do currently live in a society where many people are afraid to face themselves and worship trivialities from sports to cars to senseless movies.The latter half of the story becomes more of a culture clash between the ""Savage"" and the ""New World"" and at this stage dwindles. The dialogue between Mustapha Mond and the ""Savage"" becomes like a college lecture. The abundant Shakespeare quotes certainly added to the collegial and contrived feeling.The death of the ""Savages'"" mother was compelling and emphasizes the New World obsession with hiding unpleasant emotions and facts.Lenina is somewhat of a dopey character and ironically gives a prudish attitude to the story. There is a repressed sexuality throughout which gives it an affected Victorianism."
"If one is willing to take a forest perspective and not take too much time looking at the individual trees, this book is uncannily accurate in its predictions.  I have read much praise for this book and many criticisms of individuals for praising this book, and it is not difficult to see why it raises such strong emotions.I only recommend that when you read this book don't be focused on trying to figure out who the good guys and bad guys are.  It is much too complex for that.  Also, contrary to other reviews, Soma is NOTHING like Prozac or cannabis.  It is its own fictional drug that could be analogous to television, the internet, or maybe Xanax if you must use another drug as an analogy.  I only feel it necessary to point this out because these are such glaringly false analogies that I don't want people to have to waste time ridding their minds of these misconceptions as they read the book."
"This novel was simply hilarious.  I loved the concept of 'pneumatic,"" referring to not just the characters in the book, with their inflatable breast implants, but the blow up doll world of the future, a time that has already come and continues to haunt us in new and different (exciting?) ways.I read Brave New World so long ago I'll have to read it again.  I just remember that it is a book in which the government has total control of society, and ""him who don't fit through the needle's eye,"" as Gil Scott Heron would later sing, is doomed to suffer in this ""Brave New World.""  Hence, total obedience and not much in the way of the government as it continues to grind its hobnailed boot into your pathetic neck.  Government controls the masses through propaganda, drugs and domination of all media.Interesting thing about Huxley.  Before he hit it big with Island, Brave New World and other works, he wrote  Italian romance novels, whatever an Italian romance novel is.  That, at least, is what according to a city bus traveller I met in Austin, Texas.  Soft porn?  Dunno.  Also, he never became a US citizen, even though he was offered citizenship while living in the USA.  Reason?  He refused to say that he would be willing to kill someone in defense (Huxley would have written ""defence"") of his country (in this case USA).If you like stories about Big Brother and the future and a time when all uncertainty has been taken away and all you have to do is to wake up and become a zombie for yet another day and follow that little voice in your ear or your head, then this is for you, written by a man on the same intellctual plane as Arthur C. Clarke, George Orwell, Anthony Burgess, Joseph Heller and Kurt Vonnegut, just to name a few.Five Stars.  Rick says check it out."
"This ebook I don't classify as easy reading, but it is very good reading.  I recommend it to everyone as it will expand your knowledge and give you a lot to think about.  Buy, read, rate and write a review as your opinion is important."
"This book was more than fifty years ago one of the few Western classics I was able to read in my native Czechoslovakia. These books (BNW, 1984, Darkness at Noon, etc.) were instrumental in creating my persistent world view, quite incompatible with the official communist propaganda during those years. So, I wound up here in 1968 and had a wonderful life ever since.At my old age I decided to return to the Huxley's book - I remembered only a few things, the caste system, the strange combination of words 'orgy porgy' and a few details.I am very satisfied I read the book again. I vaguely remember that more than half century ago I most likely skipped the 'philosophical' discussions between Savage and the Controller. They are still very much relevant today - we are surely more close to the 'brave new world' now than decades ago. 1984 was a more proper image of those years and some events of the fifties were vitually described in Koestler's Darkness at Noon.Now we are back to many issues of the consumer society satirized by Huxley by his extrapolations. We do not have the universal 'soma' but a plethora of illicit or 'prescription' drugs that keep many people in an altered state of apparent happiness.The thirties of the last century - before Hitler's and Stalin's murderous power grabs - are bit closer to the first decade of 21st century than we may be aware of.The only issue that is a sheer fantasy in the book is its complete determinism based on environment. Somehow, the society manages to completely (OK, with a few exceptions) determine human lives regardless of genetics, just by manipulating the vats used for gestation. This betrays a certain ideology I consider extremely unrealistic: we surely depend on the conditioning before and after our birth but our genes are as important as the environment. Heredity is mentioned in the book in passing but the whole caste system - extreme to the point of sheer fantasy - has nothing to do with it.Interesting for an English author who grew up in a society based very much on hereditary privileges. He may have been a prototype for his Mr. Savage - rejecting his society 'values' completely."
"Perhaps if some people get there way it could actually happen.  A short while ago I found a list of 25 books that are frequent candidates to be banned (yes, banned!) from schools and libraries.  ""Brave New World"" was close to the top of the list. Of course, to my way of thinking if someone doesn't want me to read something - I need to read it.  I must say that I am sorry I never read this book earlier.I'm not into spoiling books so I'll spare the details but I will say the that vision of the ""Brave New World"" is quite chilling.  I can actually see how some of the elements Huxley describes in rich detail could be appealing to some.This was the first book I read on my new Kindle Fire and the experience was great, especially the ability to look up word meanings.One warning if you do get this book - it is quite difficult to put down once started!"
"I just finished reading this book and I will say it's much better than George Orwlle's 1984, don't get me wrong I enjoyed that novel also but this is better because it dives into the tortured psychology of individuals brought up in societies that are equally maddening and pressuring in their own right.This book also presents possibly the most probable dystopian future ever written. What I love most about this book is the scientific approach presented, children are now produced in laboratories and one individual was raised in a ""savage"" environment and is later introduced to the futuristic society he'd been dreaming about. I love the last few chapters that follow the savages' breakdown and attempt to free people's minds about the horror of the society they live in.The ending is very intense and the overall message of the story is very brilliant and imaginative, but it may offend some people because of the explicit sexuality in the book and some ultra-religious folk may hate it as well but if you're open minded I suggest you read this book."
"Irate due to his lofty disapproval of society in the 1930s, Aldous Huxley crafted the caricature of Brave New World as a message. Spotting trends that didn't fully manifest until long after Brave New World's publication, Huxley, outspoken and brazen in his beliefs, seemingly foretold various aspects of current society. With a vivid eye for detail, he chose everything, even the title ""Brave New World,"" as a mockery of the path he assumed the world would take, for Miranda from Shakespeare's Tempest speaks of a beautiful future. From a version of London far in the future- roughly 2540AD- where sanctity, individuality, and choice no longer exist and everyone knows nothing but happiness, Brave New World follows seeds of discontent in the forms of characters vastly different from one another. Between Lenina, Bernard, Mustapha, Helmholtz (all thought to be the epitome of civilized) and John (a Savage), Huxley causes send ripples through his dystopia as these men and woman start to think for themselves. None of them question life so much as John ""Savage,"" who grew up outside London and carries around a book of Shakespeare because it gives him the words he needs for survival. Imagine the words ""mother"" and ""father"" as dirty words, never spoken by someone civilized. No one is ever alone, but no one is permitted to make a single decision- not even that of their position in society- and everything you want simply appears. But what about the few that would rather moments of unhappiness over false reality? John left his home for London, hoping to find a ""Brave New World"" but instead faced exploitation because of his differences. This perfected world sickens him, driving him to action. For no one ever feeling extremes of emotion, Bernard and John clash together, each wanting to force their ideals on the other. Should the Savage not enjoy the very best technology, including a drug that allows the user to feel nothing but ecstatic bliss no matter what? Should the civilized man not know what religion is? Each becomes more and more desperate, because perfection always has its flaws, right down to test tubes manufacturing cookie-cutter humans. When they both finally snap, harsh truths, spoken by Mustapha, send them to a point of no return. A full travesty of the society Huxley saw coming, Brave New World challenges the mind to accept a heinous civilization not too unlike our own. Written with many scientific explanations meant to enhance story, this classic is not for someone in the mood for a light read. Overall, however, Brave New World is impossible to put down or stop thinking about due to the sheer possibility of its society coming about and how accurately Huxley envisioned our modern life. Aiming to shock, Brave New World is a masterful work of art that deserves its title of classic."
I received the book within the time frame promised.  The book was in great condition and consistent with the description.  I am happy with the experience!  Thank you
"I read ""Brave New World"" when I was in high school, and now, over 50 years later, I wanted to read it again. Yup! I got the book I wanted. It isn't in the best of shape, but it's readable and it's what I wanted. What's to complain about?? I think ""1984"" was more pungent and foretelling! There. Is that 20 words?? Have a great day!! Talk to your Savior Jesus! Thank Him!"
"Brave New World was somewhat of a letdown.  When I was half way through, I was hoping it would just be finished.  Too many books have used this basic premise of injecting a person from the past into the future, although this may be the granddaddy.The book focused on the future, where emotions are eliminated by drugs and brainwashing.  The main idea seems to be that if emotions could be eliminated, the world could be at peace.It is amazing that much of the technology of the novel (from the 1930s) is now old hat."
This book got to me so fast:) This is a great book for the thinkers out there!  I bought this as a replacement for a older one that was falling apart. I also noticed references on the back for other books the author has written. Something for me to check into...
"Literary fiction that took a cynical view of the many proposed utopias that were being proffered through out the being of the 20th century is very common. Many of the great English language novels come from this time period where science, politics, economics, or ideology all seemed to have the answers to cure all the ailments of the world. Brave New World and 1984 (the comparisons are unavoidable, sorry) attempted to take some of these promises of a better tomorrow and follow them to a dark, and somewhat logical, place sometime in the future. When they were written, both books took on what the author's saw as disturbing trends and then used their narratives as a warning to the reader. They saw the first dominoes falling in a pattern they believed wouldn't lead to a future utopia, but in fact to a miserable dystopia.There are a number of trends that Huxley covers in his book; the the destruction of the family, mechanization of reproduction, mindless care-free lives of consumption and desire, governmental predestination of social/economic class, and lemming effect of group-think. The most wildly fantastic portions of his story involve the factory like breeding of humans, which calls for an understanding of human genetics and reproductive science that we still lack. His theories about the use of sleep hypnosis to mold the minds of the population to make them more apt for certain tasks are far fetched, but would certainly interest the corporate robber barons of today if it was possible to make compliant and happy workers. Where Brave New World is right on the money, is it forecasting the infantilizaiton of adults to be little more than spending machine that are constantly in search of new diversions. The ""civilized"" people in this story are petty, hedonistic thrill seekers that wouldn't spend more than a second or two contemplating the deeper value of anything.The story is broken into two halves. The first gives us a deep understanding of the future world the Huxley conceived so the reader can have a good sense for how it works, which becomes important to the second half. Only two of the first set of protagonists seem to have any depth of thought, which for one of them is a constant source of derision from his peers. They whisper that even though he is an Alpha, the top rung of the socio-economic ladder, that there must be something wrong with him since he thinks about things, or likes to spend time alone. This man named Bernard Marx, an illustration of the author's literary device of sprinkling real world names in ironic places, decides to take his ditzy girlfriend of the moment to see ""savages"" that live outside their civilized world. In this pseudo-native American reservation they come across John who was unlucky enough to be born to a ""civilized"" mother that was abandoned on the reservation. Bernard and John think it would be wonderful to bring John back to London; John because he has heard from his mother his whole life about the wonders of civilization, and Bernard because he can gain from it professionally. It turns out that John's dream of an imagined utopia is nothing like what he encounters, so things go very badly for him. As for Bernard, as a character he goes through some strange shifts just to end up a miserable weasel.Pros:1.) This book is frighteningly prescient. Not a day goes by that I don't think our society is getting more self-indulgent, illiterate or disconnected from anything that involves the denial of desires. Huxley called this shot amazingly well from 70 years ago.2.) The author creates a pretty immersive world that doesn't sound too far fetched. Some of the character are shallow, but they are supposed to be. Their lack of depth stems from their environment, which makes them convincing.3.) The last few chapters contain some amazingly deep philosophical analysis about man's place in the universe that I wasn't expecting. The conversation with Mustapha Mond is riveting.Cons:1.) Not many. Occasionally I had to look up some of the author's archaic adjectives for describing faces, but that was about it.Conclusion:READ THIS BOOK. It is a classic and I can see why. It is a wonderful example of a style and subject matter that was very popular at the early to mid 1900s, I cared about the characters, the world was unique, and the story has a poignant message. It is quick read that is well worth the time."
I still have not received this book...i had to go buy a new one since i have not received it and need it for 01/15/2012 latest for school.
"Generations of adolescent boys have sneaked this novel past their elders' censorship to read about the sex and the drugs. Aldous Huxley didn't intend for people to interpret his novel as advocacy for hedonism, but many of us have, myself included in high school.Coming at it as a mature man, I notice that Huxley assumes a high degree of cultural literacy, especially based on what intellectuals thought about ""modern times"" in the first three decades of the 20th Century. A thorough understanding of the novel would require considerable background reading in sources which have become obscure now. How many people have lately read The Scientific Outlook by Bertrand Russell, for example? Huxley apparently had, along with the now unreadable utopias by H.G. Wells. And who reads T.S. Eliot's poems these days to understand what Huxley meant by calling sexually attractive women ""pneumatic""?Huxley's portrayal of Lenina Crowne, at first glance a vacuous and shallow woman in this futurist utopia, seems to have become even more relevant now than when he imagined her based on the young American women he saw in Hollywood circa 1930. Lenina's conversation with her friend Fanny in the dressing room after work could almost come from a contemporary chick movie. It wouldn't require a stretch to imagine that Lenina carries a smart phone on her fashionable Malthusian belt, has Twitter & Facebook accounts, and goes to feelies based on the plot of the Twilight novels.Huxley doesn't seem to know what to do with Lenina's character, however, because she shows some potentials for growth which Huxley doesn't explore. She belongs to the Alpha or Beta caste,, for example, yet she likes wearing green garments, even though her conditioning should have made her averse to that color because the proletarian Gamma caste wears green as its identifier. And towards the end of the novel Huxley indicates that Lenina has started to appreciate the Savage's point of view about love and sex. Her brief relationship with Bernard Marx had primed her to head in that direction, given that he wanted to talk to her and get to know her as a person before bedding her, when she considered that strange behavior.Despite the novel's flaws and loose ends, it has aged remarkably well and still rewards reading as an anticipation of the more obnoxious aspects of life in the 21st Century."
"Many people these days worry about our society turning into the nightmare of George Orwell's 1984. However, I believe that the apathy of Brave New World is much more likely... The government is going to pleasure us into submission?.. Doesn't seem that far off."
I had to read this book in English and it took me forever to read. I liked how this book made me think to things I never really thought about (does that make sense?). Yeah I don't usually like the books I am forced to read in class. This book was okay.
"This is one of those books that I have been wanting to read for about twenty years, have started a few times, have been somewhat uneasy about my ignorance of - and now, finally, I did it. Was it worth the long wait? Did I spend my time wondering just what on earth had been the delay, delighting in a classic that had almost gotten away from me, ready to pass it on to friends and review it glowingly for you, my trusting public?Not quite.A Brave New World is, in my opinion, one of the most overrated books I have ever read. There are so many flaws in this story and silliness in the writing I scarcely know where to begin. It isn't that there are no redeeming factors to it - although there are few. However, to have this book anywhere near a list of classics or must reads, or (I can hardly believe it) greatest books of the twentieth century, is laughable. Yes, I do realize that sometimes a good book can suffer because of it's lofty reputation and often will not quite live up to what the reader expects. With that in mind, I tried to be objective and shelve any preconceived ideas I had about it. Even taking this rather liberal view, though, I just did not like it.To start, my first objection is the lack of depth to this new world. The picture Huxley paints is incomplete. At no time does one lose oneself in this society, feeling the air the characters breath and tasting the food they taste. One doesn't cry when they cry or laugh when they laugh. It all remains sort of cerebral. The characters are weak, perhaps intentionally so. There is nobody to like or dislike, there is no protagonist. The whole thing reads like a first draft that desperately needs to be fleshed out a bit.Furthermore,the one thing that Huxley seems to really want to hit us over the head with is sex. The characters all ""have"" each other all the time, having another person being as routine as going to coffee with them. The problem is this is quite literally the overarching idea of the whole book. If one can recall anything of A Brave New World weeks after reading the book, it is that sex is readily available (as are drugs). Apparently, if you glean nothing else from this book, you really, really need to glean that much. This free love is celebrated very easily because the theories of Freud have been manipulated and adapted to the point that the notion of mothers, fathers, sisters and brothers is obsolete; birth control is carried on a woman's person all the time and everyone is completely autonomous. It is an interesting subject and one that could have been explored much better if Huxley had wanted to; but he seems satisfied with an almost adolescent preoccupation with highly attractive women armed with birth control and ready to fornicate all the time. The concept never gets much further than that.The world Huxley imagines is one where all languages except English have ceased to exist (although there are different castes of peoples which bear such titles as Alpha, Beta, etc.) This inconsistency is never addressed. What Huxley must have thought was a clever play on words in switching ""Lord"" (God) for ""Ford"" (creator of the assembly line) is repeated ad nauseam throughout the book. Laboratories produce scores of identical twins all designed to enjoy factory work, and children are reared in state-run nurseries where they are brainwashed in their sleep and - Huxley never avoiding a chance to mention sex - they are encouraged to engage in erotic play with another. These amateurish ideas are littered throughout the book and make it more of a comedy than a commentary. Further reducing the book's sophistication is the amazing coincidence of the main characters running into a ""savage"" on one of their trips who just happens to be the spawn of one their own kind (a civilized person). The odysseys of this savage into the modern world is a storyline for which I simply had difficulty drumming up enthusiasm. It revealed nothing of human nature other than pat, simplistic assertions that it is better to live life properly, pain and all, than to spend it having random sex and taking drugs. Which I do not find to be an earth shattering theses.To compare this book to 1984, which many do, is an insult to a book that I consider to be a masterpiece. I have re-read 1984 many times and never fail to enjoy it; I had difficulty reading A Brave New World even once. While there is some enjoyment to be found in the ideas put forth in this ""classic"", it is about the same amount of enjoyment one would get from reading a paper written by a junior in high school entitled, 'What I think the Future Would Look Like,' - a paper that would, no doubt, be censored by her teacher for being too preoccupied with sex and excessive in uninteresting puns.bookshelfish.blogspot.com"
"I am not going to describe the content of this book, those readers picking this up for the first time should read it cold anyway. Those, like me, revisiting after thirty years or more, will read it feeling a slight unease. While the world it envisions is not ours, there are disturbing parallels. I recently started to reread some of the old science fiction, that from the 1960's and 1970's. While some are now dated and are of interest as historical curiosities, this has survived the test of time. And this was written in 1931! The technology described in the baby factory has shocking parallels today. A society based on consumption, of goods and entertainment, is strangely topical. Huxley wrote this book as an ""anti-Utopian"" novel. In his day, the increasing pace of life, mechanisation and the fear of "" Americanization"", were topical issues. I am not giving this 5 stars because it is the best book I ever read, or even among the best. I am not in love with any character nor do I admire their world and enjoy my time there. I give it 5 stars for the astonishing vision, and message that is valid even today. I find it just as disturbing now, in my 21st world, as those who first read it in the 1930's would have, in fact more so as we seem to be making progress towards this vision."
"Pretty grim vision of a future where everybody is happy and sedated and zombie-like. Sure, they're happy, but it's because they're being kept that way by the powers that be. Not only that, but being alone is forbidden, and everything is ""social"" and must be ""shared""... sound familiar??? I did have to skim through some incredibly slow and dry parts, hence the three stars. Can't say it was a waste of time, but I had to force myself to finish it."
"This book is amazing; it's a great story, and amazing because it was published in 1932. The FORD company still exists, and I can't help wonder if Henry Ford's assembly line ideas will be used to produce humans to do specialized work. A test tube world where everyone is grown like a crop, and controlled with soma. I was truely freaked out when I read this book the first time. I've read some of Aldous Huxley's other work, and can say, he was a great thinker, and writer.Jim Morrison liked him so much he got his band's name ""THE DOORS"" after Aldous Huxley's book, ""The Doors of Perception"".Come on baby light my fire! Yeah! Time to set the night on--fire! Once you start reading it; you won't be able to stop.ExPRESSION"
"By: Gabriel Boudreau (GabeBoudreau.com)Aldous Huxley is brilliant in this book. I first read this book in public school as a child. It was required reading at the time. What they require for reading now days I couldn't tell you. But this book will open your eyes to the world that was Aldous Huxley.I am not sure if it is a para dime or not, but this book does reflect our current society. Without giving too much away he describes a world where people take a drug he calls ""soma"" to feel normal. With all the depression drugs crammed down American's throats to help them cope it reminds me so much of what is described in this book.A must read for anyone at any age. Younger kids will need mom and dad to help dissect it a bit. I hope they still have this book in public schools as required reading but I doubt it. Most youths I ask have never heard of the book, nor do they read much anymore.I remember spending a week or so discussing just this one book in class with a written paper etc. This type of writing has helped me in my creative writing and I put Huxley on par with Hemingway, and Jules Vern as my all time favorite author(s). This book will at any rate get you thinking about your life and how much ""soma"" you take.Enjoy."
"Aldous Huxley published Brave New World in 1932, a dystopian fantasy written as a counterpoint to H.G. Wells' optimistic view of the future presented in Men Like Gods. Perhaps what's most amazing about Brave New World, is that Huxley wrote it before WWII, when the prevailing attitudes about the future were overwhelmingly positive.Brave New World is set in London in the year 2540. After years of war, a single World State is in control providing community, identity and stability for all of society. Sounds pretty good, until you hear what's been given up in order to get it. Reproductive technology and sleep-learning make this society possible. People no longer live in families. There are 5 castes of people all ""hatched"" and grown in ""factories"" of a sort. Alphas (the highest caste) are allowed to develop naturally and, to some extent, experience a kind of individualism. The other 4 castes are tampered with at some point in fetal development to limit intelligence and physical growth. All people are bred for certain jobs. These jobs aren't a prison, however, because the breeding also happens at the level of desires. They only could want to do these specific jobs. ""Sleep-learning"" is a kind of conditioning that keeps each caste in its place, and also creates in them consumer desires that keep the economy running smoothly. Additionally, the world population is strictly kept to 2 billion assuring there are enough resources for everyone.Much of the plot revolves around describing this society. The critical event is the recreational visit two Alphas take to an Indian reservation in New Mexico. They go to see the ""uncivilized savages"" who are not apart of the world society. They end up taking John Savage and his mother Linda back to London, to introduce them to civilization. This is where the title of the book comes from, a direct allusion to Shakespeare's The Tempest, where Miranda (living as a slave on an island) first encounters other people. She exclaims ""O brave new world! That has such people in it!"" It's an ironical title, as John Savage is not at all impressed with Civilization, and eventually tries to flee from it.What works: Huxley's fears, as it turns out were well-founded. Neil Postman, in Amusing Ourselves to Death compared Brave New World with George Orwell's 1984, and he contends (rightly) that Huxley's fears were closer to the mark (at least for modern Western society):""What Orwell feared were those who would ban books. What Huxley feared was that there would be no reason to ban a book, for there would be no one who wanted to read one. Orwell feared those who would deprive us of information. Huxley feared those who would give us so much that we would be reduced to passivity and egotism. Orwell feared that the truth would be concealed from us. Huxley feared the truth would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance. Orwell feared we would become a captive culture. Huxley feared we would become a trivial culture, preoccupied with some equivalent of the feelies, the orgy porgy, and the centrifugal bumblepuppy. As Huxley remarked in Brave New World Revisited, the civil libertarians and rationalists who are ever on the alert to oppose tyranny ""failed to take into account man's almost infinite appetite for distractions."" In 1984, Orwell added, people are controlled by inflicting pain. In Brave New World, they are controlled by inflicting pleasure. In short, Orwell feared that what we fear will ruin us. Huxley feared that our desire will ruin us.""The most poignant parts of the book are discussions about the World State's decision to exchange the noble, the true, and the good for absence of pain and easy happiness.What didn't work: While necessary to set the stage, some of the factory tours in the first 6 chapters of the book were laborious to read. The book's entertainment value increases drastically from chapter 7 on.Read it if: you like dystopian novels, or are interested in cultural critique of Western society."
"There could not,to my thinking, be a greater gap between celebrity  of a book and its actual merit. The writing is vapid, tiresome, and often unintelligible. Often praised as of far more psychological and societal value than 1984 or ANIMAL FARM, such claims are thoroughgoingly absurd. In fact, I quite wonder what substances got into Huxley's bloodstream and crossed the brain barrier when he was writing this drivel-ridden casuistry.P.S. My dismissive contribution here may prompt some of Huxley's ardent devotees to desire initiation of a mass debate. No thanks. Anyone who gave credence to this sententious tome is already an accomplished ""mass debater."" If only via a venerating cerebral cortex. I concede in advance to such ""skill."""
"Brave new world indeed. If Huxley were alive today, he would say didn't anyone learn something from my book. The richest people on our planet are people who run drug companies. What does that say about the rest of us.R Hemingway Past Twilight"
"There are some deep themes and fascinating characters in this book, but no real plot until about halfway through. It's about an ""idyllic"" world where the people are made in laboratories and are programmed to like this, do that. No more individualism, but society only. Be happy with your caste. Let your urges go free. Well enough, thought-provoking--except that the book skips from scene to scene, character to character, and it seemed as if Huxley was trying too hard to depict his ""creepy"" new world. Just didn't live up to its accolades."
"Aldous Huxley (1894-1963) was the scion of a family of brilliant scientists, doctors and intellectuals. His 1932 utopian novelBrave New World"" is his most famous achievement in a prolific career as author, philosopher and visionary. Huxley would nod with a knowing wink if he would return to life toda and see how many of his projection of future society have already come true.  The title of the work is taken from the character Miranda's line in Shakespeare's play ""The Tempest."" Miranda says, ""O brave new world that has such people in it""The Story: The time is set in the future in London. Instead of God the populace worships Henry Ford. The novel opens at theCentral London Hatchery Center in the year 632 After Ford. From fertilized embryos person are hatched to serve a set role in society from the intellectually elite Alphas to the drone like Epsilons. Piped music plays while children seep to program them. Everyone is to be happy and kept youthful. There are no families. Sex is only to provide enjoyment. The society has produced people who are bland souless cogs of the community. Individualism is seen as a crime against the state.Into this utopia we meet:Bernard Marx-A misfit who is banished to Iceland; Lenina Crowe-A worker in the London Hatchery Center who is basically mindless while courting men attracted by her ""pneumatic"" figure. Mustapha Mond is a suave and worldy man who is one of the World Controllers. He is a cynical former physicist.  Linda and her son John (the Savage) live on the Indian reservation in New Mexico visited by Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowe (the names are an obvious bow to Marx and Lenin). She will die in a sterile setting back in London. Her son John reads Shakespeare and commits suicide rather than live in the utopian world of modern London.  Huxley rejects the utopian world of sterility represented in modern London and also the primitivism on display on the New Mexican Indian Reservation.  This book will get you thinking about our own lives in the 21st world of cyberspace and depersonalization. Huxley was a genius!"
"A SQUAT grey building of only thirty-four stories. Over the main entrance the words, CENTRAL LONDON HATCHERY AND CONDITIONING CENTRE, and, in a shield, the World State's motto, COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, STABILITY.And so begins a Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. This book, along with George Orwell's 1984, serves as a warning that we may be headed towards a grim future. One is ruled by force, threat of torture, and constant surveillance. The world is in a perpetual war that justifies martial law. In the other, a World State rules a society of termite-like consumers, conditioned via neo-Pavlovian methods and hypnopædia to follow the dictates of society not by force, but because all their needs are met, and any cause for suffering or passion, or the need for religious transcendence, has been nullified in favor of stability. Though it might seem like a paradise, with promiscuity and recreational drugs not only encouraged, but mandatory, it was intended by Huxley to be a nightmare. In retrospect, which vision of the future presents a greater danger of becoming a reality?In a letter to George Orwell thanking him for sending a copy of 1984 Aldous Huxley praised the book, but said the following:Whether in actual fact the policy of the boot-on-the-face can go on indefinitely seems doubtful. My own belief is that the ruling oligarchy will find less arduous and wasteful ways of governing and of satisfying its lust for power, and these ways will resemble those which I described in Brave New World.I tend to agree with Huxley. Although North Korea might resemble the society of 1984, with Big Brother Kim Jong Il Watching and enforcing his harsh regime with threats of hard labor in work camps, it would seem to be an aberration whose days are numbered. On the other hand, while many of the things described in Brave New World may never come to be, others are becoming true at a faster pace than expected. In Brave New World Revisited, rumination on just such questions written by the author after a few decades had passed, he says as much. Revisited is included in some editions, and it addresses Over-Population; Quantity, Quality, Morality; Over-Organization; Propaganda in a Democratic Society; Propaganda Under a Dictatorship; The Arts of Selling; Brainwashing; Chemical Persuasion; Subconscious Persuasion; Hypnopædia; Education for Freedom; and asks What Can Be Done?We might not recognize the danger, but I say that we are rapidly losing our freedom, Brave New World style, not by some brutal dictator, but because we are too distracted to do the hard work necessary to maintain our freedom. Our short attention spans make anything beyond the sound bite too complicated to comprehend. If an issue can't be summed up on a bumper sticker, we don't want to hear about it. And we are all too eager to relinquish our freedom in the name of safety, security, stability, and let's face it, convenience and comfort.Anyway, Brave New World is an excellent book, and I really enjoyed reading it. I liked that two of the main characters, Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowne, were named after communist revolutionaries, but the society of the future was so oblivious to history that the World State didn't consider this a threat to their beloved stability. I loved it that they had substituted Henry Ford, the inventor of the assembly line, for the Lord. They just lopped off the tops of all the crosses so they were Ts, in honor of Ford's Model T. It was very appropriate for a society where no children are born naturally, but manufactured on an assembly line, just like Ford's Model T. There was even cloning, referred to as Bokanovsky's Process, to produce multiple copies of the same product, a human being. All babies are produced in test tubes at the Hatchery and Conditioning Centre. A forced caste system divides the citizens into Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons.Bernard Marx and Helmholtz Watson are two Alphas, but Marx is insecure because he is short of stature, and Watson is perhaps just a little bit smarter than the average Alpha. They started off to be the two most sympathetic characters because they both didn't quite fit in to the Brave New World, but once Bernard Marx returns from his trip to the Savage Reservation in New Mexico with John, the savage all that changes. While it may not quite be believable that a boy raised on a Savage Reservation would have taken to Shakespeare like a fish to water, it really serves the story well. It is as if Shakespeare symbolizes all that is lost in the Brave New World, and also, the title is taken from something Miranda says in Shakespeare's final play, The Tempest:  ""O brave new world that has such people in it.""This quote returns as a haunting refrain, each time becoming more bitterly ironic. There are also references and allusions to Hamlet, King Lear, Othello, and Romeo & Juliet--though the latter made Helmholtz Watson laugh. It was at this point that Helmholtz became much less sympathetic. He was still a citizen of the World State and bound by its limitations, though he at least sought to do more, to say something important. In the scene where Helmholtz is first introduced he confides to Bernard the following:  Speaking very slowly, ""Did you ever feel,"" he asked, ""as though you had something inside you that was only waiting for you to give it a chance to come out? Some sort of extra power that you aren't using-you know, like all the water that goes down the falls instead of through the turbines?"" He looked at Bernard questioningly.  ""You mean all the emotions one might be feeling if things were different?""  Helmholtz shook his head. ""Not quite. I'm thinking of a queer feeling I sometimes get, a feeling that I've got something important to say and the power to say it-only I don't know what it is, and I can't make any use of the power. If there was some different way of writing ... Or else something else to write about ...""Anyway, Helmholtz tries to write poetry about solitude, a forbidden topic that gets him into hot water, but it is terrible poetry, and he can't really fathom the depths of Shakespeare. He has no frame of reference. As World Controller Mustapha Mond explains to a group of students:Mother, monogamy, romance. High spurts the fountain; fierce and foamy the wild jet. The urge has but a single outlet. My love, my baby. No wonder those poor pre-moderns were mad and wicked and miserable. Their world didn't allow them to take things easily, didn't allow them to be sane, virtuous, happy. What with mothers and lovers, what with the prohibitions they were not conditioned to obey, what with the temptations and the lonely remorses, what with all the diseases and the endless isolating pain, what with the uncertainties and the poverty--they were forced to feel strongly. And feeling strongly (and strongly, what was more, in solitude, in hopelessly individual isolation), how could they be stable?Chapter Three is masterfully done--kind of a round-robin that shifts cinematically between two scenes in the Brave New World: Mustapha Mond, the World Controller giving a lecture to some students, and Lenina and Fanny Crowne discussing Lenina's unfortunate propensity for seeing the same man for months. It not only provides the necessary exposition but the rapid shift back and forth between the two scenes juxtaposes the citizens of the Brave New World with the Controller, so you get theory contrasted with practice. The hypothetical and abstract with the actual reality.And when reality gets to be too harsh, there is always soma:  And if ever, by some unlucky chance, anything unpleasant should somehow happen, why, there's always soma to give you a holiday from the facts. And there's always soma to calm your anger, to reconcile you to your enemies, to make you patient and long-suffering. In the past you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort and after years of hard moral training. Now, you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets, and there you are. Anybody can be virtuous now. You can carry at least half your morality about in a bottle. Christianity without tears--that's what soma is.One thing struck me though as I revisited Brave New World, and that was that the scenes where hordes of thrill seekers descended on John, the Savage, after he had been made the reluctant star of a ""feely"" reminded me of the Charlie Sheen melt-down. No, I am not elevating Sheen to the stature of the noble Savage in Brave New World, but merely noticing that the feeding frenzy of paparazzi and fans was eerily similar.The Bottom Line is that Brave New World holds a mirror up to our society but we are much too distracted by the latest gossip, multi-tasking with our smart phones, and watching 3D movies or so-called ""Reality"" TV shows to notice.Nineteen Eighty-Four by George OrwellAfter Many a Summer Dies the Swan by Aldous HuxleyEyeless in Gaza: A Novel (P.S.) by Aldous HuxleyThe Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell (P.S.) by Aldous HuxleyIsland (P.S.) by Aldous HuxleyThe Tempest (Norton Critical Editions) by William ShakespeareOf the Imitation of Christ by Thomas à KempisOEuvres Philosophiques De Maine De Biran, Volume 2 (French Edition) by Maine de BiranApologia Pro Vita Sua: The Conversion of Cardinal Newman (Unexpurgated Edition) (Halcyon Classics) by Cardinal NewmanThe Varieties Of Religious Experience: A Study In Human Nature by William JamesSlowly, very slowly, like two unhurried compass needles, the feet turned towards the right; north, north-east, east, south-east, south, south-south-west; then paused, and, after a few seconds, turned as unhurriedly back towards the left. South-south-west, south, south-east, east. ..."
"The Heritage Press Brave New World is one of their most successful and integrated book designs.Cataloguers sometimes report that it is bound in leather, but the glossy orange-red with black and silver details is actually vinyl. Illustrated with gravures by Mara McAfee, including a little helicopter which is repeated as a design motif, the book has ample margins and is printed in Palatino with Chisel chapter numbers and stick-up initials. In a black slipcase. For me, the total effect is a book that veers far away from the futuristic -- it is something modern yet familiar.Introduction by Ashley Montagu."
"When you are lead to believe by by society that this novel is ""Chilling... that he gave us the the dark side of genetic engineering in 1932 is amazing"" and then you waste your time reading 259 pages of this unidirectional story line, bombarded with a repertoire of stale characters, and uninspired literature. It leaves you longing for a few grams of Soma. There is not one character that has any level of depth, that you can become attached to. It is horribly written, the play on words with the ford and the god annoyed me the first few times but by the 6Th and 7Th it became nauseating. That whole part about the top of the crosses being cut off and becoming T's because of Henry ford, really ?? what is the point ?? And is this really the worst you can do with a novel about a futuristic Utopian society controlled by a single person called the Director. A society where you have movie theaters whose movies are so immersing that you actually feel what is going on. everything is in order no one is sad and there is no despair no violence, You can have any woman you want! I wish i lived in Huxley's appalling world, how much grief i could have been saved if all the beautiful women that have turned me down in my life would have said yes by just inviting them to a round of space golf. And who can forget the climax of the book when John and the director finally meet and they have their big showdown discourse. John crys out why did we lose Shakespeare and God and the director answers because it is not stable and it is old does not apply to society now. The whole discourse is laughable so you mean to tell me in order for to me to be eternally happy, never grow old or sick all, and have all the women I want all I have to do is give up Shakespeare and a being that i have never met and only know from books and no one has seen.. Where do I Sign up! so to all those who say this book is ""Chilling"" i say to reconsider and call it ""Spilling"" the spilling of countless minutes wasted, the spilling of wasted ink on countless wasted papers, and the spilling of my expectations for this abominable book."
"I'd read this book in High School, and couldn't make sense of it.  Several years later, with experience and critical thinking skils honed, I was able to actually understand this book. Yes, it's written with the quaint old English the authors of the period used. Once you compensate for that, it becomes a very good read. The comparison of what was going on in the book to events occurring today is very unnerving. Meant as a satire of politics in the early part of the 20th century, it doesn't seem a satire so much as it does a current documentary of today's society."
"No bent pages, no scratches in sight. Really good, solid paperback book. The paper is thick enough to write notes on and mark with highlighter without going through the pages."
"I read this after learning of its dystopian storyline.It is widely heralded as one of the greatest books, often included amongst titles like 1984. I love 1984 and Animal Farm so I thought ""what the heck?""I thought this threw in a more technological aspect to the dystopia. It also included some important concepts like the fact the the characters were not harshly treated by their masters, but rather their masters controlled the people by allowing and encouraging base activities like sex and drugs. The concept of intentional destruction of the nuclear family was also prominent.So, the book isn't bad at all. Sadly, a tremendous amount of the concepts can be seen in modern day society. So I learned something from the angle of the book. I also liked certain elements of the way the author writes.However, this book did not really speak to me like 1984 did, The inner workings and the ""why?"" of the government weren't really expanded on like they were in 1984. There wasn't any real suspense or anything that made me want to keep reading like 1984 did.I am glad I read it and I give it three stars because in reality, the societal ills today are a combination of both 1984 and Brave New World. But for a good read, 1984 is far more interesting and insightful."
"Important read. Be sure to get a context to the novel prior to reading, some can be found in editions with a good introduction"
"I read this book back in high school and it amazed me then. Now as an adult, I have appreciated the book even more. Your mind will be blown and you will see things a bit differently after reading this book."
I have been a voracious reader for 54 years...since I was 3 years old and I think that this is one of the WORST books that I have ever read. I only read it because it was required reading by my daughter in high school and I had never read it. I still can't figure out why the school system would want teenagers to read that indiscriminate sex and taking drugs is the preferred state of existence. I certainly don't think that they would understand that subliminal message about not rebelling against authority or you will die.Take it off the list. It will make teenagers quit reading.
"It is rather rare for a work to so capture me that I read it cover-to-cover in one sitting - this is one such work. One is left with the sickening feeling that we are living in the time that leads up to the ""Brave New World"". The destruction of the middle-class and the result being that far too many citizens of low intelligence and lacking in intellectual curiosity now find themselves unemployed or in positions of employment that allow far too much time for ""thought"". The Tea party, FOX News, et al - the inmates are taking over the asylum and one fears how they will be stopped."
"I liked 1984 better. This book seems very self-conscious at times, very forceful with the morals that are trying to be put across."
"A sensation in 1932, course-related  reading at some colleges in the late 1960s, introduced (at least as a concept) in high-school curriculum in the 1980s, Brave New World may be on its way to literary entombment with Samuel Butler's Way of All Flesh and Sir Thomas More's Utopia, relegated to perpetual life as a category - something that everybody knows as a word or simple concept, but too desiccated to be enjoyed any more as a work of art. But having revisited it after 40-some years, pulling it off the dusty shelves (so to speak) with Kindle, I find that it can be highly recommended to the ""Y Generation"" and many generations to come.I recommend it, with certain cautions adn reservations. The first thing that on has to do is strip away the ""science"" - the descriptions of biochemical techniques of incubation used in cloning. It may have been cutting edge science back in 1932, but it was just an attempt at scientific speculation based on Huxley's contacts with biochemists back then. Just skim over it and don't believe a word of it. Ditto with the ""psychology"" - the sleep learning. As a working scientist and scientific generalist, I can assure you that that stuff didn't pan out. And of course the helicopter and rocket plane stuff didn't work out, either.  Just try to ignore the details and, instead, look for Huxley's intent.  Sleep learning does not work but we do learn a lot of things (much of it untrue) from television, which can be argued to be a daily, three-hour form of voluntary self-hypnosis and indoctrination. And since modern psychological studies have shown that much of our learning is by observation and imitation, it can be argued that television is helping to shape many of us into ""gammas"" as effectively as the hormone soups and nursery-rhyme indoctrination did in the novel. And despite today's greater accessibility of educational opportunity, the fraction of our population for reading Shakespeare (or decipherments thereof) is probably not greater than the percentage of ""alphas"" in the Brave New World.I recommend Huxley's novel for his application of intellect to social and philosophical questions. The question of production vs consumption, the question pleasure vs pain, and the greater question of ""what's it all about"" (Alfie). Like most of the great philosophic novels, the characters are not completely three-dimensional and the sociological background is not sufficiently well ""imagined in."" This is, so to speak, left as an exercise for the student to perform after class. What I find priceless in this novel is the dialogue between Mustapha Mond and The Savage in Chapter 16, beginning with the words, ""Because our world is not the same as Othello's world.  You can't make flivvers ...."" The next dozen pages supply a generation's worth of food for thought."
I love this book so much! It got here in great time and in great condition. I could read this over and over and over again!
"It is quite scary to live in a society that is becoming more and more like the dystopia described in this novel. Authors like Huxley are like 20th century Nostradamuses, predicting the future with such great precision, it's almost unreal. It would be an exaggeration to say that the society in Brave New World is identical to ours, but it is unfortunately not too far off. We, too, are slowly losing our individuality. Just look at corporate America; how many people can honestly say ""I made this and the credit is all mine""?There is nothing extra in this novel. The soma that everyone takes to escape on their vacation is analogous to our drugs of choice, whether it be cocaine or gambling. The World State is an excellent example of a world-wide power almost akin to the imperialistic United States. It matters little whether this novel was a forecast or fiction because it ultimately serves the same purpose. Brave New World warns us about what is to come if we don't mend our ways soon. At the same time, it is nice to see that people still read literature like this and become aware of the imminent dangers."
"This book was written in the 1930's and there are already MANY fabulous reviews, essays, and all kinds of literature analyzing the story. All I'm going to say is - it's a great look at a possible alternative future. A bit harsh at times, and a bit ridiculous, but all to stress a point. Also, I feel like even though the book was written a long time ago, it still relates to the world today. I can see the world that the author was envisioning.About the audiobook format... I LOVED IT!  I think this book lends itself VERY well to audiobook. The reader's creation of character voices was REALLY great. For example ""John"" was weird, cause he really isn't from civilization. Eastern Europe director was more regal, because he IS more regal, etc etc. Even Linda, Lenina, and Fanny - I could picture them all.I definitely recommend this book, and completely support this audiobook version :-)"
"This order was GREAT!Collier County, Florida -- Have you heard the one about a homeowner foreclosing on a bank?Well, it has happened in Florida and involves a North Carolina based bank.Instead of Bank of America foreclosing on some Florida homeowner, the homeowners had sheriff's deputies foreclose on the bank.It started five months ago when Bank of America filed foreclosure papers on the home of a couple, who didn't owe a dime on their home.I will do more shopping with AMAZON!"
"What kind of life would you want to live?one where you are Happy and Stableorone filled with Truth and Beautyassuming that you cannot have one while the other is in place you must make your choice.society chooses with the mind, the logical choice is happiness and stability, so as society has now built its entire structure around this core valuethere is no more artlovepoetrymusicpassionthere is only an empty feeling of satisfaction and contentmentthe world is full of light, but there is no darkness for which to dwell and rest,there is no pain and suffering, no crying no starvation,there is only life, and deathThis is Brave New Worldrecommended to anyone wishing to find the truths in this world perpetuated into cheap thrills and empty passions."
"still shocks me to read this over and over, and see how the info is still happing today? I still ask myself, was the author in the know? ......hmmmmpick it up....."
"I'm sure you know that this book is worth reading so I'll skip that part and just tell you what this version has that is different from other versions. The end of this book has a few interesting bits to read.Reviews from 1932: There are some responses to the to the book at the time it was released, they are all negative. Its pretty amusing that people really hated this book at the time it was released, partly for the writing and because of the openly sexual lifestyles the characters lead.A short biography: Well not so interesting.and...A letter to George Orwell: This letter was written the year of the release of 1984 (1949). Huxley discusses the book 1984 and gives his opinion on what he thinks the future will be like."
"This novel is in the class of Dystopia, but it is written from an objectively optimistic viewpoint. It is up to the reader to decipher the parts which Huxley silently deems as being part of the failed society of the future. There is a futuristic view of air travel, human conditioning, human caste system by categorization, and blind addiction to euphoric drugs.There is a lot of third person narrative, without much character development. In fact there is much left to the imagination about the ""free"" alpha class citizens of 2540 AD. There is much lauding in the book of Henry Ford as the inventor of the model T as well as an figure of importance in a new era. Most citizens are addicted to ""soma"" and parts of the ""uncivilized"" world population are thought of as ""Savages.""Huxley is prophetic in some ways in a book that was written in 1931. His views on ""what might happen"" are still pertinent today as we struggle with societal class issues and development of the human race. I place this book in the A class of futuristic realistic fiction, but it falls short in some of ways that modern prose has become more engaging to the reader. It seems there is some senseless dialogue and a feeling the the citizens of the future are less aware than we in the present are. Is this due to digression of society? A question asked and answered in this novel. Well Done Huxley!"
"I read this after taking a medical ethics class, and was more than a little surprised to see the correlation between what is happening with genetics in science currently and the possibilities that exist with fantasy becoming reality.Though, I highly doubt that will transpire :)"
"Considered a classic in apocalyptic literature, Brave New World was received to negative reviews when it was published in 1932. This book examines a 2540 utopian society who accepts promiscuous sex and drug use.  The forward thinking author creates a carefree, technologically advanced society, produced by genetically bred humans who obey the ruling order passively. The drug ""soma"" is designed to keep one perpetually calm and happy. In other words, ignorance is bliss. The frightening premise suggests that the individuality and human ambition will be sacrificed for harmony in society.Incidentally, the use of ""For the love of Ford"" injected some humor into the dialogue.Reviewed by Holly Weiss, author of Crestmont"
The book is thrilling and very interesting! If you are into futuristic novels - such as 1984 - then this is definitely the book for you!
"As I read the first 50 pages of Brave New World, I could not help but compare it to Orwell's 1984.  However, Brave New World definitely carves its own niche (not to mention it was published well before 1984).  While quite witty throughout, it also gives a chilling look at the price of instant gratification at the cost of high art.It's interesting how Huxley's viewpoints change from the Director, to Lenina, before spending a good amount of time on Bernard Marx.  The focal viewpoint seems to become centered on Bernard, only to switch to John in the last section of the book.  I found it odd how Bernard's character was pushed to the side and shipped off to the island, while John becomes the central figure.  It makes for a strange narrative structure, but it is one that ultimately works."
"This book is often cited as being 'like' and 'equal to' Orwell's Nighteen Eighty Four in terms of dystopian classic. While the book was undoubtedly earth-shattering for its time, I'm afraid compared to the timeless compelling masterpiece of Nighteen Eighty Four I found this one dated and irritating. I was just happy when the irritating main characters met their untimely ends and unlike the protagonist of 1984 I felt no compelling point had been made by the deaths."
"This book will blow your mind.The writing is fantastic and the story is horribly thought provoking.I really don't want to say any more than that, because it would spoil the book. However I will mention that if you don't like to think about society in a critical way or have a problem with somewhat bizzare situations, you will most certainly NOT like this book.To everyone else: READ IT!!!If you're not sure, I don't know of a liabrary that doesn't have this book."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. Timeless classic. Thought provoking. Great read regardless of age(13-123). Written in 1932, still relevant"
"Alpha children wear grey. They work much harder than we do, because they're so frightfully clever. I'm really awfully glad I'm a Beta, because I don't work so hard. And then we are much better than the Gammas and Deltas. Gammas are stupid. They all wear green, and Delta children wear khaki. Oh no, I don't want to play with Delta children. And Epsilons are still worse. They're too stupid to be able to read or write. Besides they wear black, which is such a beastly colour. I'm so glad I'm a Beta."
"This book is a classic and for very good reason. It has some powerful themes and is written in such a gripping way that you can't put the book down until you've finished. It doesn't have the darker, totalitarian, hyper-surveillance overtones of Orwells '1984', but gives an equally disturbing view of the future. The ideas of social conditioning and recreational drugs are especially chilling and makes you look at the world around you in a whole new light. I found the ending a touch lack lustre (hence the four stars), but the journey getting there is marvelous and will make you uncomfortable at times as you consider what life you'd prefer, the drugged easy utopia ,or the feeling savage lands. I guess that's a debate that we ask ourselves spiritually or in our everyday lives to some degree anyway, (simply getting by or feeling deeply and rocking the boat). This book is just an amplification of that. Overall a great read, with stirring themes that will play on your mind for some time to come and well worth the time taken to read it. One of those books that leaves your life richer for having read it.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page."
"I'm not a big fan of sci-fi but I found this particular book to be very fascinating because it has just enough truth in it to engage your imagination. And what an imagination! It's the kind of book that lingers in your mind long after you've read it. What would utopia look like? How would you programme happiness? Unlimited sex without constraint or jealousy. Perfected genes and DNA. Drugs to remove anxiety and induce euphoria and eliminate boredom. Work you are programmed to enjoy. Simple, pat answers to difficult situations. And the price to pay is what? Art? Choice? Religion? Philosophy? Competition? Really a fascinating puzzle Huxley builds. And even stranger, there are no heroes and there is no rosy ending. There is no smart guys to solve the puzzle. Huxley gives you the puzzle with some pieces filled in. So it's mind expanding literature, exactly the kind of thing sci-fi does best. So whether you do or do not like sci-fi, I think it's still a worthy read."
"It has been approximately 15 years since the last time I read ""Brave New World"".  Reading it this time, I was more attuned to the criticisms of the book.  Simultaneously, I was shocked by all of the raw sexuality  which I had forgotten within the book.  When so many things regarding an empty society converge in this book, it is easy to forget some.  That being said, this is among the most important books of the 20th Century.  It may be highbrow or hard to understand for some, but the overall message can not be overlooked.The book initially follows Benard and his disatisfaction with modern life. Taking his most desired woman with him on holiday, Bernard hopes to make sense of this life at the savage land (the current American Southwest).  It is there that Bernard encounters a disposed member of the enlightened society and her son, John.  John, who is referred to as the savage, is brought back from the savage land with Bernard.  His mother Linda is also allowed to return.  In this new world, John discovers a sterile world without pain.  The drug name Soma is a cure-all for any emotional ailment and creates an overall sense of detachment from the world.  With Soma, morality has devolved into just being pain-free and comfortable.  Humanity is a product that is not regulated and created for greatest possible production as is evident in human production. In fact, production is such a high priority that (Henry) Ford has replaced God as a psuedo-deity.Even if the typical class of high school seniors that reads this book is able to identify many of the themes, there is a lot here for the adult world to appreciate.  Every generation has access to a pill/drug/activity that is their escape.  When that acitivity comes to dominate a person's existence, that person ceases to be human and the Brave New World comes closer to reality."
"Aldous Huxley's 1932 novel Brave New World presents a vision of consumerism and mechanization, where social strata are bred into the biology of factory-produced twins, and stuporous stability is the highest government ideal. I found myself captivated by the book's system of society, its veneration of Henry Ford, and culture of instant gratification. If Orwell's vision was pure fascism, this is pure capitalism.On the downside, Brave New World is nowhere as intellectually deep as 1984. The plot and characters are underdeveloped and inconsequential. Huxley makes the joy of reading solely in its exploration of his (brave new) world, but that can only carry the book so far. Throw in a compelling plot, differentiated tone of story-telling, and dynamic characters and it might have been perfect.Continued at: [...]"
"Aldous Huxley's 1932 novel Brave New World presents a vision of consumerism and mechanization, where social strata are bred into the biology of factory-produced twins, and stuporous stability is the highest government ideal. I found myself captivated by the book's system of society, its veneration of Henry Ford, and culture of instant gratification. If Orwell's vision was pure fascism, this is pure capitalism.On the downside, Brave New World is nowhere as intellectually deep as 1984. The plot and characters are underdeveloped and inconsequential. Huxley makes the joy of reading solely in its exploration of his (brave new) world, but that can only carry the book so far. Throw in a compelling plot, differentiated tone of story-telling, and dynamic characters and it might have been perfect.Continued at: [...]"
"Aldous Huxley's 1932 novel Brave New World presents a vision of consumerism and mechanization, where social strata are bred into the biology of factory-produced twins, and stuporous stability is the highest government ideal. I found myself captivated by the book's system of society, its veneration of Henry Ford, and culture of instant gratification. If Orwell's vision was pure fascism, this is pure capitalism.On the downside, Brave New World is nowhere as intellectually deep as 1984. The plot and characters are underdeveloped and inconsequential. Huxley makes the joy of reading solely in its exploration of his (brave new) world, but that can only carry the book so far. Throw in a compelling plot, differentiated tone of story-telling, and dynamic characters and it might have been perfect.[...]"
"Brave New World shows how scary utopia can be when it is based on the wrong definition of the word good. They defined good solely in terms of pleasure and lost many intrinsic goods (Truth, Justice, Beauty, Individuality, etc.). However, when utopia is based on the correct meaning of goodness (which is that everything ought to be ideal), there is plenty of room for pleasure and all the other intrinsic goods as well.You can read or listen to the BEST description of the true meaning of the word good at:[...]I did a 7-minute video on the subject:[...]Another good paper that I wrote on the subject of Formal Axiology can be found here: [...]"
I sent it to a friend in prison. His world is far from being perfect but so similar to Aldous Huxley's..
"To George Orwell (E.H. Blair)Wrightwood. Cal.21 October, 1949Dear Mr. Orwell,It was very kind of you to tell your publishers to send me a copy of your book......Thank you once again for the book.Yours sincerely,Aldous HuxleyThat is correct, George Orwell had one of the first copies of 1984 sent directly to Aldous Huxley. Why? one might ask. Precisely because of the inspiration that Orwell garnered from Huxley's Brave New World.BNW is really a post-apocalyptic, post-moral thriller in which genetic engineering has reached not only its apex but perfection. The five classes of humanity: Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons are engineered to complete their specific tasks and to be absolutely content in doing so. There is no strife in London: no hunger, no want, no emotion. Love is free and encouraged; irrational/emotional ties are non-existent since all humans are born in scientific labs known as hatcheries and, therefore, never even familiarize themselves with either the term or the concept of family.The protagonist in BNW is an Alpha man by the name of Bernard Marx. While he is an Alpha, he is undersized and ugly due to a mechanical error while he was still a fetus. His physical appearance causes an early disenchantment with the ""perfect world"" (I refuse to use the word ""Utopia"" since More's Utopia was a satirical look on a place which was trying to be perfect, yet was far from perfect...both points that many people either neglect or are completely ignorant of when throwing about the term) and he wanders through life both depressed and bored with the status quo.One day, Bernard is surprised when his love interest (yes, Bernard, due to a glitch still feels) Lenina Crowne decides to go on a date with him. He decides to take her to the savage reservation (New Mexico) to descry those humans who are still ""natural""; not yet genetically modified. On this trip, Marx comes across a man named John who happens to be the son of a former Alpha from London who was lost on the reservation many years ago. Marx brings John back to London and is the object of immediate envy and fame.John however, is also the object of fame; yet, he cannot quite come to grips with this new and artificial society. He is quite uncomfortable with the norms, the lack of mores, and the lack of emotion. Finally, fed up with the prodding and the display, John decides he cannot handle this new London.Huxley deals with many quite advanced scientific issues in his 1932 novel. Genetic engineering, helicopter flight, psychiatric drugs, scientific behavioral training techniques, etc. and basically comes to the conclusion that without moral guidance and governance, science and technology can quickly become the surest path to hell on earth...albeit, a content and sedated hell experience.BNW continues to fascinate me (this was my second reading of it) and I am quite sure it will fascinate any and all readers who enjoy a novel that does more than just scratch the surface. It is a deep, complex, and at times perplexing read, but more than anything it is thrilling and enjoyable. A must read.For more book reviews and suggestions, please visit: [...]"
"There is something special about this book:  it was written based on the vision Progressives have for the world.  Aldous Huxley's brother, Julian was a Progressive.  Julian shared his belief on eugenics, population control, sterilization, and propaganda with Aldous.  Aldous decided it sounded like an interesting novel.  Fiction based on fact.If you follow what is happening in the U.S. and across the globe, you will see the reflection of truth in this book.  The attacks on religion, history, individuality, and truth are all present in 2011."
I do not think a review is necessary for this book from an amateur like myself. This is one of the best books of a dystopian future that I have ever read. Very entertaining and beautiful.
"In Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"", human society has become scientifically stabilized and carefully monitored, and shallow happiness is the most important thing. The ""World State"" is organized into a caste system of 5 major groups- the Alphas, Betas, Deltas, Gammas and Epsilons, from highest to lowest. Alphas are almighty, and everyone in the lower castes are conditioned to cater to them. Conditioning happens in many ways, including hypnopaedia and exposing them to extreme conditions as fetuses. Conditioning is different for people in each caste- it `convinces' them to be happy where they are so they have no reason to be defiant, making for ultimate stability. Another major difference in this utopian society is that all people are born out of test tubes- standards of family and family relationships such as mother and father are considered grotesque. The government is fully focused on keeping everyone fully occupied and `happy' with many things, including sex, soma (a new super drug), and the feelies (a movie with sensory components). There are very few places in the world that have not been civilized- they are called ""Savage Reservations"", described as ""a place which, owing to unfavorable climatic or geological conditions, or poverty of natural resources, has not been worth the expense of civilizing"". In ""Brave New World"" we follow Bernard Marx, a civilian in London of the Alpha caste. He has been born through the same process and lived the same, carefully structured lives as of the rest of the people in his caste, but somehow he has come to realize that there is something wrong with their society. He longs and seeks to find true happiness, because he realizes that the feeling that everyone calls happiness is empty, shallow and deprived of something from deep within. One thing he wants that is unacceptable is a relationship with the woman that he likes, Lenina Crowe. When he tries approaching her with this mindset, though, he is thought of as peculiar by her, because all of the men she has ever been with have seen her as an object to make love to. Despite her loyalty to the way the government wants them to live, Bernard keeps trying to let her understand that a relationship is what people really need. Bernard invites her to come to the New Mexico Savage Reservation with him on a vacation, as he has always wanted to go, and he had also wanted to see what Lenina would think of it. The Savage Reservation is a whole new culture for both of them- they cannot believe that there are still such `savage' things going on in the world that they live in. Watching some of the things that are going on in the Reservation, Bernard is mesmerized- but Lenina is disgusted. Then, they meet John- a Savage whose mother used to live in London. His father is of the Alpha caste and his mother is of the beta-caste. His mother lives in the Savage Reservation with him, and she is described as a `disgusting thing'- people from the city have never seen a person who looks aged, because there are so many treatments to keep them healthy and young looking. Lenina ends up wanting to be with John, and John ends up falling in love with her. It's a mutual affection, but they can't communicate it because John feels that he is not worthy of her, that he must punish himself for loving her. Whereas she, living in a society where casual sex is encouraged, does not understand his logic and gets frustrated when he starts talking about how he must prove himself to her.  Lenina and Bernard's vacation is nearing the end when they get permission to bring him back to the city in an experiment to see how a Savage would react to all of the different things there. He becomes an object of amusement and causes a lot of trouble when he does his first stint in this ""brave new world."""
"Huxley has predicted many aspects of today's world with scary prescience, and what he got wrong is still food for thought. Insightful comments about music and art and funny parodies of bad poetry. Some details of the main character's emotional life must be autobiographical -- they have such an honest ring. This book is almost 100 years old but holds up very well."
"I will preface this by saying that I have not yet read the book, and cannot comment on the quality of the literature.That said I picked the book up today to start reading and first noticed that the right edges of most of the pages makes it look like thy were ripped out of a binder. Im talking the right edge that isnt attached to anything, not the left side in the actual binding. They are not cleanly cut, like in every other book you buy. This wouldnt be so much of an issue if the pages were all the same size as you could still flip trough pages easily. The pages, however, vary in length from about 5.5"" to about 5.3"" which may not sound like a lot but it makes a difference. Just thumbing through it I would skip like 20 pages at a time because you would get to a big page and then skip all the proceeding small pages. Maybe Im just OCD about this but its annoying to no end.This type of edge is called a Deckle Edge by the way. I was unaware of it prior to purchase and wish it would have been made more explicit when purchasing.I posted a user picture to help clarify what I am talking about as well. If this type of edge is for you, great. If not avoid the Deckle Edge."
"I cannot believe, that as a science fiction reader, I had not read this book before.  I know it is a classic but was not prepared for such an intensely interesting story."
"Huxley's books were the first books I read beginning in high school. From his books I learned that the schools, even colleges do not teach us everything. Onward to higher learning!First book read by huxley; The Art of Seeing"
"excellent nineteen more words not required, all i need is my personal opinion of this product still need more words.  this form is why more products are not reviewed"
"Hillary's provocative tale attacks the ideology of his day and displays the virtue of freedom.  His book commits a classic fallacy: civilization is an unnatural creation that weakens humanity.  The dominance of western civilization over the globe and studies conducted by Joseph Campbell suggest that Huxley, a intellectual playing his role in society, is wrong.  Huxleys complaints lack innovation over his predecessors, but the book was remarkably accurate about the future of his civilization.  His profundity stems from the insight he gives to surviving the modern world.  We must live the life of the civilized man to get along in public, and we must live the life of the savage to get along in private.  In the words of the comedian,"" It's all just a practical joke."" Hopefully we all find a role to play and a place to escape."
this is wonderful book and is certainly moving. although i think that it ironic amazon charges for a book in the public domain. (in the usa at least).
"Had to read this weird book for grad school. It was alright, I never would've bought or read it on my own otherwise. I guess it has some kind of big message at the end - not impressed."
"This was one of those books that I enjoyed the more I thought about it. I have to admit that upon completion of the book I was a little confused on what I thought about it.The only thing that held this book back was the fact that the characters werent appealing in the slightest. Luckily, the story and the world created by Huxley kept my insterest and made the book worth while."
"Imagine the an ideal world made possible by technology: you get this novel. Of course, ""ideal"" is subject to caution. Huxley presents to us a universe in which everything is designed to avoid problems, pain, discomfort, and any such thing. Isn't that great? Yes, no, and maybe.There are many, many good things about this novel, especially if the subject matter interests you (and if it didn't, why would you be reading that book, actually...). The book begins with a presentation of the human factory, where people are made, because, in this world, nobody is born anymore, apart from the humans in reserves, the savages. The world is now divided between castes, each made to enjoy what it has been created for, which is the key to happiness in this brave new world. Thus, we listen along with the Alpha students, as they learn about the process of creating humans designed for their future purpose: Alphas get the best deal, are made to be intelligent, designed to fulfill intelligent tasks; Epsilons are made to be semi-morons barely capable of thought, designed to clean, operate elevators, and other such menial tasks.Our main character is someone named Bernard Marx - everyone's family name comes from someone famous in history - and he is a bit of an oddball. While being an Alpha, he doesn't look like an Alpha, and his behaviour doesn't fit this world. He is not as promiscuous as society would want him, and he enjoys being alone.Another main character is John ""the savage"", a white young man who grew up in a natural reserve of savages. He becomes a kind of Pocahontas to the brave new world, and offers contrast with it, as his savage ways resemble ours.Without getting too deep into the plot, let's say that this new world is well presented and offers constant stimulation of ideas. It does make you wonder whether this is a good or a bad world, and that's part of the great interest of this novel. Although at times you'll obviously think this is a bad world - why would it be called a dystopian novel otherwise - it still maintains subtleties and will make you wonder about the necessity, or not, of pain, problems, and all those things the brave new world represses. It makes you think along Nietzsche's line: knowing no misery is the worst misery.[Minor spoilers ahead.]Bernard Marx is a character you will come to despise, and I liked that about the novel: your main character isn't someone you'll want to root for the entire time. Secondary characters will appeal to you more, for various reasons.*Brave New World* is a sort of thought experiment shaped as a novel, and as such, it as good a novel as it is a thought experiment. The novel doesn't appear as an excuse to expose some thoughts, and the thoughts don't cancel out the novel. In this regard, *Brave New World* is a success.My only regret about the book is its ending. The final chapter is overly dramatic in my opinion, and far weaker than the chapter dealing with the final confrontation with the big boss, in which ideas are discussed, the savage asks questions, the director answers, the exchange is profoundly interesting and the savage and the civilised come to a meeting point. This should have been the ending, it was the strongest moment of the story, and it certainly was stronger than the dramatic final chapter.All in all, a great concept, a great execution, a great read. What we love might be more to fear than what we hate."
"I got this book because dystopia is my favorite genra. I expected to love it, which i did, but only for its content. Not for its style. It definetly doens t"" go down easy"" and many times i found myself dreading the next few pages. While i think the message is wonderful, it esnt ""sweep you away"" like many other fine novels."
"When I first read Brave New World as a high school student in the late 1960's, it seemed like a very serious book to me.  Later, I reread it as an adult when my own children were high school students.  At that point I recognized the self-depreciating British sense of humor that Huxley employs.  A good example is the scene where the Director lectures a group of budding younger professionals on a cloning technique used in their facility.  Here you can also recognize the British pride in doing more with less:Beckoning to a fair-haired, ruddy young man who happened to be passing at the moment.  ""Mr. Foster,"" he [the Director] called.  The ruddy young man approached.  ""Can you tell us the record for a single ovary, Mr. Foster?"" Sixteen thousand and twelve in this Centre,"" Mr. Foster replied without hesitation.  He spoke very quickly, had a vivacious blue eye, and took an evident pleasure in quoting figures.  ""Sixteen thousand and twelve; in one hundred and eighty-nine batches of identicals.  But of course they've done much better,"" he rattled on, ""in some of the tropical Centres.  Singapore has often produced over sixteen thousand five hundred; and Mombasa has actually touched the seventeen thousand mark.  But then they have unfair advantages.  You should see the way a negro ovary responds to pituitary!  It's quite astonishing, when you're used to working with European material.  Still,"" he added, with a laugh (but the light of combat was in his eyes and the lift of his chin was challenging), ""still, we mean to beat them if we can.  I'm working on a wonderful Delta-Minus ovary at this moment.  Only just eighteen months old.  Over twelve thousand seven hundred children already, either decanted or in embryo.  And still going strong.  We'll beat then yet."" ""That's the spirit I like!"" cried the Director, and slapped Mr. Foster on the shoulder.  ""Come along with us and give the boys the benefit of your expert knowledge."""
"This book takes a look a ""utopia"" where sex, drugs, and class systems are the rule of the world.  Takes an interesting point of view to a superficial society."
After reading this book i had a whole new view on things. In some way it changes your thought process.
A masterpiece that shows the possibilities of the future. This book tells the story of the future that has no sense of ethics; only systematic operations. Aldous Huxley delivers this story well with great twists.
"The novel, the ""Brave New World"" by Aldous Huxley, is really scary. It depicts a future society where there is no natural reproduction with children having a mom and dad. Instead people come from laboratories and are conditioned for their different castes. On top of this, people do not read literature such as Shakespeare. Anything done by oneself is discouraged (with the exception of taking a drug called Soma). For some people who are more outgoing, this society might sound like a paradise. For people like myself who prefer to not go clubbin' with their friends and instead like to stay home and read a book, the society depicted in ""A Brave New World"" is hell on Earth."
"I rank this up there with 1984. A dark and dreary future which in some ways is so far from our reality, and in other ways so much like our own today. The story is intriguing and well written. 5 stars!"
"This book was very poorly written, it's basically the ramblings of a Christian fanatic who is upset that society has become less religious. He wrote this book by picking everything he disliked about society and then he sent it to the extreme end of things and called it a prediction for the future. For example, because sex was no longer frowned upon as much as it used to be he decided that in the future adults and children would be encouraged to have sex with everyone. This satire was just so poorly conceived, it's ridiculous. The most annoying part of this book for me was that the only religious book he mentions them banning was the Bible. He didn't bring up another religious text once. It's clear that the only religious book he cares about people banning is his own, and thats just plain low. It's not like I'm just annoyed that he didn't include my religious text, I'm an atheist so I don't have one. I just think that he shouldn't be so obviously hypocritical in his novel. I'm sure it has to do with the times he lived in as well as him but that still annoyed me. Anyways, don't waste your time with this man and his nonsense. Read something better."
"It is hard to believe that this sci-fi classic was written nearly 80 years ago.  It world depicted within the pages of this book resembles the world we know today rather than the world of the nineteen thirties, when this book was written.It is a world in which women are sexually liberated and are not looked at askance for having multiple sexual relationships. People are programmed at birth to be satisfied with the status quo.  One's future is predetermined. Most are satisfied and, of course, there is soma, an addictive substance that induces euphoria.There are a few renegades, however, who are not satisfied, for whom the pre-programming just did not take. These free thinkers have questions that they want answered. They are individualistic in a world where the individual is sublimated to the grand scheme of things that is firmly in place. They simply do not feel that they belong in such a world. They will soon find out what happens to those who do not conform.This is a book that provides a great deal of food for thought, which is why it has remained a classic in its genre. Provocative and prophetic, it is a book that will never cease to amaze, as the story is simplicity itself, but the themes are quite complex."
Great quality book (better than I expected) for the price.  Like the title said I'm just adding my 5 stars for a 5 star book.  I don't want to give anything away but this book is awesome.  If you like books like 1984 get this.Don't ruin it by reading too many reviews!  Just get it here at the great price and read a newer fun book that has become a classic.
"I originally left a scathing review of the Kindle ebook that was full of formatting errors on words, and days later received an e-mail telling me an update has been released for the book. You can imagine my delight when I loaded the update to find that all the errors that I had complained about were now removed. Kindle readers: the ebook is now perfect for you.To me, the fun of Brave New World was experiencing the way their society was run. I felt like there was more focus on describing the world than pushing the plot forward, but I didn't mind this. The story didn't truly begin to pick up until late, leaving the rest of the book to set a foundation for understanding this new future. It was a thought-provoking story."
"This is a classic novel, so there is no point in reviewing the content; it is a ""must read"" for most highschoolers.  I have a 40min. drive to work, so I started revisiting some classics on audio to listen to on the way to work.  Michael York does a great job of reading this book.  I'm a little confused at why most of the main characters have Scottish accents when they are from London, but maybe York's fantasy is that by the time the book takes place, the Scots have dominated the U.K.  There is a part in the begining when Huxley jumps back and forth between characters and settings line by line.  I don't remember having trouble following the logic when reading, but it was a little difficult to keep up while listening.  Otherwise, the novel works well as an audio book."
"Let me start with my main peeve about this work: it's just not that realistic. A society that would homogenize its people to the extent described, stifling scientific curiosity in the process, would not last very long. Societies need the rumble and tumble of all kinds of people people bouncing off each other, or else they lose any drive to move forward and grind to a screeching halt after only a few generations. History makes it very clear that any disaster of any significant magnitude--say, earthquakes, hurricanes or pandemics--would soon wipe out civilizations that are so ill-adapted to change. Also, Huxley makes it seem as if human hatcheries and communal raising of children are bad ideas in and of themselves. I don't see why. Sure, they might seem rather odd for our current societies, but I can see how they could work for future ones.Huxley is right though about the horrors of childhood indoctrination, but let's face it: people pretty much do that already, since parents fill their children with all kinds of superfluous notions like religion. The truly bad part is using drugs to deliberately keep people stupid. So, if people would be genetically predisposed to be a geniuses, they could still wind up being near retarded because of chemical intervention. That's not only bad, it's idiotic beyond description. Geniuses are a rare breed, and societies can't afford to suppress their highly needed capabilities.Still, this wouldn't be so bothersome if Huxley had come up with a compelling story with interesting, rich characters. Uhm, no. I find all of the main characters in Brave New World to be obnoxious to the max. They often respond in totally unrealistic, moronic ways to their circumstances, and I often caught myself wishing they'd be kicked off some ledge at some point. The worst offender is John. How the heck did he get so small-minded? Wasn't he a Shakespeare buff? You'd expect someone like that to respond a bit more maturely when being confronted with a different society. I also can't believe for the life of me that a person who is so articulate and so knowledgeable about Shakespeare's works would be so downright appalled by the mere idea of a woman wanting to have sex with a man. Just saying ""no"" would have sufficed, John; there is no need to physically abuse the woman who expresses her attraction to you.Huxley also appears to be incapable to write convincing female characters. Where the men in his stories could be seen as somewhat believable, although highly brain-damaged, individuals, the women are usually nothing more than talking showroom dummies. Whether this is due to misogyny or simply lack of ability is not clear, but it didn't make reading this book any more enjoyable.All in all, I believe the classic status of this work is not quite justified. I guess it just got published at the right place at the right moment."
"How do you ruin a book on the future involving:1) the future2) sex3) drugsWhy by being the most boring book ever and going ape over:1) Shakespeare2) religious nonsenseThis book had many, many good ideas that COULD have made for a very thought provoking and entertaining read, but a plot is never fleshed out and there is no character development.  Unfortunately, it was utterly UN-entertaining on every level!  It's good (ideas) till they go to the Savage Reservation then it completely nose-dives into BORING!!!  Ideas without a story.  I recommend reading the first ~25% of the book then lighting it on fire."
Brave New World is a very interesting book that draws you in. This book makes you think about a different world other than the world we live in today and how people think differently as a result. The author uses different points of view and changes from character to character to make the reading interesting.  I feel that the only weakness in this book is the level of explanation or depth. They throw you right into the story without much explanation or background. This gives the book an appealing aspect but also makes it confusing to read.  If you are planning on reading this book you should know that there is some very challenging vocabulary. These words would make it very challenging to read this book at a young age.  But overall I think this is an awesome book if you are in the mood for a dystopian adventure.
"I really admired reading Brave New World, Aldous Huxley brings life to each one of characters and brings the reader into a world where normal human desires such as, the human interaction, human abilities to reason or to argue, beliefs, human's intelligences. The human's physical longings such as the  attraction to the opposite sex, and also the human communication doesn't longer matter in this new world that Huxley  creates.The novel opens at Central London Hatching Conditioning Centre factory, where the director and Hatchery is giving  a tour to a group of children who are learning about the society in which they live in and how it is the way it is. Within the tour the boys discover that this factory isn't a normal factory, this factory creates human embryos for the  World State. This embryos are categorized in five different castes called Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, or Epsilon. Each castes are trained to obtain a certain role within the society, such as leadership or menial labor but one characteristic each castles posses, is the loss of real human emotions, attachments, intellectually, and the ability for self reasoning.This World State is located in London and its the new world, everything outside of it is considered savage reservations, one man named Bernard Marx who is seen as one of the leaders in this new World State questions his own beliefs about the society in which he lives in, which forces him to take a trip to one of the savage reservation in New Mexico, this is where he encounters the protagonist, john. John is considered to be normal within the world that we live in today, he has the ability to reason, choose beliefs, resist sexually desires and to be his own person, a real human being.Bernard Marx takes John out of the savage reservation and into this World State,once John arrives he starts to realize that this World State is utopia on earth, the World State civilization is controlled by soma (soma is a chemical spry that takes away the humanly emotions, such as fear, sadness, pain, hurt, everything that makes us human). The ability to be intelligent no longer exists in this civilization. ""Christianity without tears--that's what soma"" is.Within the world State John struggles to live and understand this new society and the  means to be free, to be a human being, to long for real danger, goodness, and the ability to express real emotions such as tears and happiness.In my life the only thing that makes me human is the ability to be hurt, sad, afraid, excited, and weary; this are my emotions. Without emotions I would not be able to fall in love, enjoy books or movies, or anything that makes life wroth living. If I was john brought to this World State I too would struggle to finding where I belong and eventually would lead me to insanity. In a society where people are created without any personal freedoms and  without the ability to have emotions, that society will never stand strong but instead collapse to the ground."
"It's so weird that this novel was published in the 1930s because of the issues it brings up.  It talks about issues like sex, reproduction, and religion in such a way that I was shocked that this book actually came out in the 1930s.  The author was clearly thinking ahead of his time.  It's both scary and funny at the same time because of how the rulers of this ""brave new world"" go about ordering their seemingly ""perfect"" society while at the same time praising all things ""Ford"".  Definitely an interesting read."
"I really enjoyed reading this book.  I can't believe I never read it before!  I love utopia/dystopia books and this is one of them.  I'm not going to review the plot as I'm sure many other reviewers have done so.  This book really got me thinking about happiness and what makes people happy and content.  Also, about all the complaining about little things that people do on a daily basis.  I recommend this book to anyone who has an open mind and is looking to think outside the box a little.  I only gave it 4 stars because toward the end, Huxley was wrapping up all of the political sides and reasons behind things and I got lost and wanted to skip sections of it.  It became confusing between which of the characters was saying which part and why.  However, it all tied together nicely, tragically, in the end.  An excellent read!"
"First of all I'm not really into Sci-Fi or any things from that sort I would much rather spend time reading about ordinary people with ordinary lives and ordinary problems (like what people suffer from in our world today) I think its much more interesting than reading a book with the Star Wars Robot/alien themes, They just sound so incredibly unbelievable and immature to me. However this Book is not your typical Sci Fi nonsense books that are only written for the purpose of entertainment alone, what makes this book different is that the author had a moral lesson behind it, which makes it a rather interesting read. This Book was assigned for my English class and I had to read it as analyze the characters and the themes of the book which made it easier for me to understand. I feel that having English as my second language & the fact that this book has been written in the early 20th Century made it for me and for modern readers who don't speak English as their first language hard to understand and follow with the story. The writing style is the only issue I've found in this book that made it painful and frustrating for me to go through it, otherwise I think it would've been a more enjoyable read. The Book has a really good plot line though.The setting is in the future, people are living in what seems to be a Utopia (flawless community) at least from their POVs. People are kept under control by upper powers who uses sex and religion as ways to control people & keep them from getting a rebellion or knowing too much. People are divided into stages (classes) with certain names, duties and each stage has a certain intelligence and held a certain job (nether to say each person is programmed to do certain things according to his stage). People are almost turned into robots (they are brain washed to believe that books are poisonous & so is flowers and its ok for them to sleep with as many people as they want etc.. So to say the moral standards of their lives is different than us but most importantly people are MADE in factories instead of being BORN they are even taught that mentioning the words mother and father are just like saying the F bomb, people have NO families and makes NO families since its believed to be incredibly bad & shameful to have a family, after the death of someone he/she is just thrown away just like throwing an old vacuum  who've been worn out by many years of use & no one feels sorry for the loss of it because it can always be replaced. Love or rather feelings is not something the people of this world posses, since they are brought up to be quite promiscuous they don't know the meaning of commitment or loyalty to one person.However everything falls out of place when one of the lower classes gets pregnant and gives birth to a son (John)who is fathered by one of the upper world controllers who left her  on a savage island while they were on a vacation because he thought she was dead. Away from the perfect world John is brought up in the island of the savages, he sees his mother sleep with as many men as she can and that cause the people of the village to whip her as well as call her a slut because of her misdeeds, unlike the other people in the Perfect world he doesn't belong to any category (class) therefore his brain isn't programmed like the others he have emotions just like a normal human being and he also learns to read, he reads books by Shakespeare that talks about Love, war and Loyalty & dreams that one day he will find the love of his life. However one day as two people from the perfect world are vacationing on the islands they discover him and his mom and they bring them along as they return to their Utopia. This much doesn't surprise his mother since she grew up there but for John its amazingly shocking to know how different the life in the Perfect world is than the life he has had while living with the savages. The Book talks about how he feels he doesn't fit in & eventually the shocking end ( I personally didn't see it coming)"
i love the whole book. I love that Christopher Hitchens introduces the book and that it has the revisited edition in the back. Its everything a reader would want for a classic like this.
Here is a classic work which is an easy read that covers topics as relevant today as when he wrote it so many years ago.
"""LOVEDD!! this book! i wish i had to read it in high school, but regardless, a must read for everybody! it definitely creeped me out because some of Huxley's predications have more or less come true. The ""revisited"" portion is Huxley's own breakdown and analysis of his own original book, which i found to be extremely eye-opening! READ THIS BOOK!"""
"You're probably familiar with the story, and its rather coded genius narration of where we are/headed. This edition presents some nice extras worth the read, Brave New World Revisited, and some further thoughts by the author. A solid book to add to your Huxleyian library."
I bought Brave New World from Amazon.com from treebeardbooks and was very satisfied! The book was in good condition and I received it 3 days after ordering!
"To say that ""Brave New World"" is revolutionary is a drastic understatement.  Published in 1932, ""Brave New World"" manages to cast a deep look into the future and examines the downside of a production centered economy. The glance toward the future that ""Brave New World"" provides is so prolific that it stands relevant even today.  Author, Aldous Huxley launches the reader into a future filled with promiscuous sex, chemical dependency, and State control.  Huxley transcends science fiction and produces literary greatness.""Brave New World"" introduces the reader to Huxley's vision of the future, a tightly regimented, well-oiled production machine that exists around a strange nexus of dismissing the concept of self-denial while maintaining a complex hierarchy of social order.  Humans no longer submit to the whims of religion or the wisdom of history, but are instead raised as wards of the State within a caste system based on embryonic predestination.  This world seems to operate efficiently and smoothly until an outsider, an anomaly is introduced into the system.  The inhabitants and the outsider must learn to cope when the world and the philosophy of a Savage bring to question the morality of the established social order.Huxley weaves together both a vivid story and a stark social commentary, making the book impossible to put down.  His brightly apocalyptic view of the future (in the sense that society as we know it will no longer exist) shows one possible outcome of a society geared toward consumption.  Strangely the dark vision of the future is still relevant today.  The lessons contained within ""Brave New World"" are timeless and the writing is among some of Huxley's best."
"Written in 1938 but still relevant.  I am absolutely stunned at how Huxley was able to look to the future and write about technological medical advances that are still worrisome.The dystopian society he creates is one where Fordism rules all.  Obviously concerned about Ford's creation of mass production, Huxley created a society in which everything is mass produced - most especially children.  An assembly line fertilizes and nurtures them, creating each child for a singular purpose, creating a caste system.Citizens are created to be happy in their caste with no desires other than what is expected of them.  When a few are out of the ordinary, they begin to question if there is more to happiness than going along with the system.1984 by George Orwell is a good follow up to this book and should be read as a companion.  Huxley actually taught Orwell at one point and I can see his influence."
"It's hard to believe this book was written in 1931, Huxley is awfully accurate on some of his futuristic visions of how society could end up.This book basically describes a society that appears to be Utopian at first glance.  Humans are made at certain genetic intelligence and caste; they are conditioned to be grateful for their place in life.  Of course humans being humans there are occasionally those who divert from the norm.  The story focuses mainly on Bernard Marx, an Alpha who is born too short, and as such ostracized and isolated in a society based on community and on Lenina a woman who is a fairly average society girl who agrees to travel with Bernard to Reservation.  At the reservation they meet a Savage named John who travels back with them to ""proper"" society.  What ensues is basically disaster.The kind of creepy thing is that Huxley is pretty spot on about some of the things in his Utopian society.  There is a lot genetic engineering going on, subliminal messaging, regulated drug use to promote serenity, etc.  The beginning of the book is the most shocking because they explain how they modify the chemical make up of the fetuses to make them smart or stupid, strong or weak.  This is followed by a discussion of how they condition the infants to like or not like certain things based on what function they will have in society.  It is a society where everyone is equal but no one gets to make any decisions.The people in the society are encouraged to be somewhat infantile in their decisions; time not working is spend playing games or engaging in sexual activity.  Despite the society being depicted as somewhat British the members are encouraged to give into their baser natures whenever they want...emotion makes for unhappy people so it is best to not think about it too much.What happens when John, a Savage raised by a (gasp) mother, a man who loves and hurts is brought into this society is fascinating but predictable.  He has a hard time making sense of a society where ""mother"" is an indecent word and love is a foreign concept.The book is very readable and well-written.  The story is engaging.  I am sure at the time this book was written it was ground-breaking.  Unfortunately most of the factors of society that are discussed in this book I have read discussed in more current books.  For me what set this book apart from other dystopians was the fact that it was written so long ago, also the fact that Huxley didn't pull any punches on the human conditioning...they are pretty ruthless, and lastly how reasonable he makes the set-up of such a society sound.  There is a portion towards the end of the book where the Controller explains to John how their society evolved to what it is today; the Controller explains what they tried and what actually worked.  The Controller's argument sounds disturbingly reasonable and almost makes you understand how a society set-up like the one in this book might work out well for a large amount of people.Overall I enjoyed the book and I am glad I read it.  None of the ideas really blew me away and the story was engaging, but not absolutely incredible.  It is a book that makes you think; especially when think of the time frame in which it was written.  The topics discussed are something which will make you take pause but some of the ideas presented aren't that far away from where we are today (genetic engineering, etc.).  Definitely something to read and something easy to relate to."
"I didn't have high expectations for the condition of this book, still I was a bit disapointed. It was worn and also had someones name written across the bottom end of book pages. I don't ever buy paperbacks but couldn't find a hard cover. The book was very cheap though and probably a fair price."
"Brave New World is an incredibly though-provoking book...although, some of the thoughts that it provokes are incredibly disturbing. Huxley creates a dystopic society where peace and stability are maintained because humanity has used technology to do away with ideas and feelings like love, family, religion, and individuality. There are no books. All members of society are genetically engineered to be satisfied with whatever pre-ordained position they will hold in this society. If anyone starts to have a feeling other than complete satisfaction, they are encouraged to drug themselves with soma for few hours while the feeling passes. The story follows several characters and eventually ends up on a ""reservation"" where the savages live a more....natural life? John the Savage returns to society with a few societal members who had vacationed on his reservation. The consequences of this action require the reader to think about the importance of human emotion and the institutions we hold dear."
"The dystopian society in Huxley's Brave New World combines the iron-clad totalitarian control of 1984 with the intellectually and emotionally stunted hedonism of Fahrenheit 451 for a uniquely unsettling effect.  Set roughly 600 years into the future, Brave New World portrays a world ruled by a single totalitarian government.  The society is organized in a strict caste system, with the physically perfect Alpha intellectuals ruling the world at the top and physically and mentally stunted Epsilon menial workers at the bottom.  Families have been abolished and reproduction takes place in laboratories.  The embryos are manipulated to produce predetermined mental and physical effects, and the resulting children are carefully psychologically conditioned to accept their lot.  The story begins with Bernard Marx, an Alpha caste misfit who is wildly torn between his conflicting desires to rebel and to conform.  Bernard makes a visit to a Native American reservation where he meets Linda, an English woman who had accidentally been abandoned on the reservation many years before, and her son John.  Bernard offers to take them back to England, where John becomes an instant celebrity due to his ""savage"" ways.  At this point the focus shifts to John, who challenges the society with his intense emotions and ideals.The somewhat abrupt shift away from Bernard and towards John is symptomatic of the simple fact that Huxley is less interested in the characters and the plot than in describing his hypothetical society.  Luckily, his vision is disturbing enough to be interesting on its own.  In the brave new world consumerism, sociability, sexual promiscuity, and psychotropic drugs are all compulsory.  Individuality and emotional passions of any kind are relentlessly squashed.  The situation is all the more disturbing in that the control is so insidious that most of the people are simply unable to imagine a different life.  BNW is about the limitations we accept because we don't realize that alternatives exist.  Like many readers, I first encountered BNW as required reading in high school.  One brief scene managed to stick with me in the many years between my readings:  it is a scene where a group of low caste babies are given picture books and flowers, then exposed to loud sirens and electroshock to condition them against these undesirable interests.  The brutal killing of innocent curiosity and the thought of all joy in books and nature being wiped out in infancy made a powerful impression on me.  The descriptions of the intensive conditioning of the children and the adults' total acceptance of the forces that stunted them was and still remains for me one of the most chilling parts of the novel.There are many criticisms that can be leveled at the novel.  For myself, I found Huxley's prose rather uninspiring.  More problematic to me was that although Huxley establishes stark contrasts between the ""savages"" and the ""civilized"" peoples in the story, neither society is an attractive place to live.  John's reservation is cut off from the outside world by an electrified fence, and the people living there have no apparent access to modern science or technologies.  Whereas the civilized world is overrun with mechanization and artifice, the reservation is overrun with disease and deprivation.  John's society, like the civilized society, has no tolerance for non-conformists, and John's violent reactions to civilized society show his inability to step outside of his own cultural conditioning.  The result is a depressing false choice between extremes.  To be fair, Huxley himself admitted this weakness.  My edition includes a forward where he notes the unrelenting pessimism of these alternatives and regrets that he did not include a third option.  For all of its weaknesses, though, BNW remains a strikingly eerie novel, a gross exaggeration of trends that are a little too real to ignore."
"The thing I love about 'Brave New World' is how well it works both as a joke and as a serious futuristic novel.At its heart, 'Brave New World' is a straight parody of the World State and utopian dream worlds of H G Wells and the like. Huxley takes the Wellsian Utopia to its most ridiculous extremes: Perfect People living their Perfect Lives in their Perfect World. In doing so, Huxley reveals something that Wells was unable or unwilling to admit: such a world is incredibly boring. He pulls to pieces the fantasy of such a Utopia by noting that, no matter how attractively it is packaged, such a sterile and regulated world is stupefyingly dull, with no free will, imagination, or even thought. This is reinforced most strongly by the character of Lenina, who comes up with a vapid pre-conditioned cliché to fit any situation (""A gramme in time saves nine""....""was and will make me ill""). Even the more melodramatic elements are narrated with a sardonic eye, such as John's beating of Lenina dissolving into a drug-fuelled mass orgy. And although more subtle and oblique than in some of his other books, there are also stabs at typical Huxley targets of ridicule; the British class system, colonialism, Americanisation, and contemporary social values.Yet in other ways, the book makes some quite accurate predictions about the modern world. Although deliberately exaggerated, everything from test-tube babies to synthetic music was pretty close to the mark, and arrived much sooner than Huxley anticipated. He only had to wait thirty years for the Swinging Sixties to semi-legitimise his world of Free Love and recreational drug use, for example. He also had some distinctive and thoughtful takes on the utopian world. For example, Huxley does not pretend that all men are equal in his Perfect World, but instead hits upon the idea of a ""benevolent"" caste system, where people are unequal but conditioned to be perfectly satisfied with their lot.The story itself is also a twist on the usual dystopian plot of the One Good Man in a repressive system. Huxley's utopia is not totalitarian in the conventional sense, and the motivation of Bernard Marx is not to escape persecution but simply to lead a more interesting life. And in the second part of the book, even that is put aside when Bernard thinks he can elbow his way into Society and gain respect and praise from fellow Alphas. John's story is sadder, but even this is less about brutal repression than the fact he simply doesn't fit in. Even the characters' eventual fates aren't regarded as punishment or persecution but as a tolerant accommodation of their ""eccentricities"".From all this, it's clear that Huxley regards the biggest threat to society as not a repressive and evil regime, but a vapid and stupefying one, which in many ways gives `Brave New World' a greater relevance than many dystopian books. After all, it's unlikely the democratic world will collapse under totalitarianism....but can we be as confident that it won't collapse under public apathy and disconnection?In summary, what may have started out as a satire has ended up becoming one of the greatest and most important works of its time, and is still essential reading today. Five stars."
"in the 2 worlds of 1984 and brave new world i find myself liking brave new world much much more. In the two differing views of a disutopian society i find that using drugs and sex to keep the population happy while socially engineering a class system based on genetics is much more believable than using fear and misery.Where Brave New World really prevails is the way in which are social controls are bred into our children and hailed as advances in the happiness of our people.Pick it up, read it, love it."
"I picked this book up at a rummage sale to add to my little library of books. I didn't plan on reading it for quite awhile... until I learned that this book was banned when it was first published in 1932. This is scifi at it's best. There is a lot of scientific information, but not so much that the reader has to re-read every single paragraph to figure things out. There is a very easy to follow story with some great turns, interesting characters, and a picture that is built for the mind to see. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone under 17 due to the sexual nature of the book, but I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a really interesting read."
There are so many themes in this book Man vs. Society  and conformity vs. individualism the scary thing is I found myself agreing with many of the philosophy's of the book.
"Like 1984, this book(written in the thirties no less) comes scarily close to our current society. Drugs and sex are nothing new now, but then these ideas must have sounded crazy.  What sounded crazy to me was that no one could be alone.  If I do not have at least one night to myself a week, I get super cranky.  No wonder John exiled himself at the end.  All of those zombies taking drugs and chanting slogans would have driven me crazy. Then there was the constant conditioning.  Obviously this is something we face daily with laws, rules, policies, mores, peer pressure and of course, marketing.  Most familiar was the conditioning done so that people would gravitate towards activities that require the most equipment.  In the end, it's always about big business directing us.  Even President Bush's answer to a nation in mourning was to tell us to go out and shop.  Why give the babies electroshocks when they look at flowers?  Because nature is free.  We want them to be consumers instead.  *rolls eyes*One thing that really bugged me though...why did they need birth control?  If they were controlling everything else about these people, why did they just sterilize them? Another consumer thing, maybe?"
"This is my favorite book of all time!  Although it was written long ago, it is strangely plausible to the world today.The characters are interestingly developed with appropriate detail.  The setting is futuristic, but not odd.  And the plot moves along well."
"I'm convinced that there are some books that scholars decree are great pieces of literature and the rest of us agree simply to not be thought as foolish or ignorant. Henry Miller's grotesque, misogynistic ""Tropic of Cancer"" falls into that category for me. It's also applicable to the first half of ""Brave New World."" If you're willing to slog through his description of futuristic London, things improve once John the Savage enters the picture. Mr. Huxley's book is rightly compared to 1984, but instead of a harsh world of destitution, you get dumb-as-dirt junkies entertaining themselves to death in Utopia. There is some sharp satire. The deification and numerous homages to Henry ""History-is-bunk"" Ford was quite funny. Also, the lengthy argument between John the Savage's Shakespearean defense of individuality and the Controller's, Mustapha Mond, commitment to an orderly Utopia was worth enduring the more mundane passages in the book. Part of the fun was seeing how a piece from 1932 saw the future unfolding. Some of Mr. Huxley's predictions were surprisingly accurate and other aspects were way off base. It's not a long, difficult read and worth your time."
"I wholeheartedly agree that Brave New World is an important book -- I just can't stand it. The satire is thin, the extrapolations from the trends which Huxley observed in his time are too plain, and none of the characters are even remotely likable. The combination of childlike persons and the heavy emphasis of their sexual activities turned my stomach.The Soviet Union with its planned economy and society was clearly one of the big inspirations for Huxley, and if so, he completely misunderstood it. Of course, in hindsight it's much easier to see that communism is just another form or brutal dictatorship that never was meant to do anything else but maximize the power in the hands of a few and to enslave everyone else, yet I think that Huxley should have seen this also. I think that George Orwell was a much keener observer of this fact. Indeed my biggest problem with the novel is that I disagree with Huxley's vision of totalitarianism. I cannot imagine a dictatorship that 1) is not based on an aristocracy that (either openly or covertly) enslaves and brutalizes those beneath them and 2) does not deal swiftly and brutally with its dissenters. Huxley's world is run by World Controllers, who plan and command everything, yet who genuinely seem to be concerned about making people happy (even if this means they have to make sure that a large number of people are born as cretins, and if they have to drug everyone in society) even at the cost of sacrificing their own happiness. If some of the intelligent ones actually start questioning the system, this regime just ships them off to a remote island of their choice, to be with similar-minded people. At one point the all-powerful Mustapha Mond openly envies those who get to go to the island. This is where the book finally and completely lost me. It has been said that ""power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely"", and this is why I find Orwell's and Bradbury's dystopias far more believable than Huxley's."
I am happy with my purchase; the books was shipped and delivered pretty soon.Thanks!
"One of the most extraordinary books of the last century. Originally published in 1932, Brave New World introduces concepts such as cloning, virtual reality and computers. It is rather frightening to consider how many of Aldous Huxleys ideas have become reality in our world, was he foreseeing the future and if so is our world heading for disaster as his Brave New World. Something to think about definitely. The book also features an excellent foreword by Christopher Hitchins."
"If this book was just released in January 2010, whey are all the reviews dating from 1999-2008 before its release?  It's called Brave New World (P.S.).  I just want to know what the difference is between this version and the original."
"With chilling detail, Huxley ushers us into his brave new world with descriptions of assembly-line human production. It's a safe world, sterilized, and its subjects imagine themselves in a state of perpetual happiness--so long as they are taking their soma, a sleep-inducing prescription. It's a world in which morals have been turned upside down, and in which ""free love"" is a means of keeping slaves numbed to their own reality.Mankind, it has been decided, will be most successful and content if each individual has a predetermined role in the mass production of goods and services. Some will play the role of Alphas, some Epsilons, and others Semi-morons. No one is discontent--in theory, anyway--because they have been conditioned for their lot in life. All are young, beautiful, somewhat generic, but in no need of individuality even in matters of romance, since all physical intimacy is shared freely and without strings attached.This is Huxley's reaction to the times in which he lived, and it still rings true in many ways today, eighty years later. He deals with the mass-production idea that was making true craftsmen and artists irrelevant. He even dates his futuristic world using A.F., or Anno Ford. His Fordship is a clear reference to Henry Ford and his assembly line standards that changed the way companies ran. Huxley also takes shots at eugenics, which were a popular subject of that day--and which led to some of Hitler's ideas--and at rising Communism, with its goals of making everyone unimportant except to serve the greater organism. In turning the tables on moral thought and religious precedents, Huxley paints a world in which all true joy and personality has given way to a sleepy, technology-induced enchantment. He paints these masses in literary metaphors as worms, maggots, and locusts, and gives us only a few glimpses of humans before this time.It's a disjointed story in many ways. This is a book more concerned with concepts and ideas than with strong characterization or smooth narrative. It jumps around. It seems to care less for its subjects than for its subject matter. Perhaps this was intentional, with Huxley giving us a detached view of a detached society, but it does make for a less engaging tale in some ways.Nevertheless, this is a fearless gaze into the future and a bold warning to a western culture obsessed with perfection, production, and beauty. Huxley says at one point that ""words can be used like X-rays,"" and he proves that in startling fashion with this timeless and disturbing classic."
"I've been hearing people talk about this book for years, and frankly, having not read it, I underestimated it.  Well, I finally read it (bought it used for 48 cents), and wow--it really got me!  Had this book been written this year I would have been blown away by it, but that it was written 80 years makes it all the more shocking.  I don't know much about Aldous Huxley, but he really nailed it with this one.  What affected me most of all while reading this book was absorbing the realization that the dystopia Huxley creates on paper is so incredibly parallel to the world we live in now:  a world of comfort-seeking, sex-seeking, medicated, thrill-seeking blindness, where truth takes a profound backseat to following the herd and keeping in line at all costs.  I also found it profound that this book gave me an opportunity to self-reflect the ways in which I compromise truth in order to follow the herd.  It's so hard to be different from one's peers and to forge a new way.  The pressure to conform is massive.  But, as Brave New World points it, conformity is sick.I did, however, feel the book had some weaknesses.  I felt the parts with the Savage were rather tiresome at points, and that his character became dull for me after a certain point.  He was presented as a foil for the mindless dystopian world of drugs and sex and conformity, but I felt he was also lost in so many ways as well---desperate for romance, hyper-attached to his disturbed, abusive mother in an immature way, and self-abusive.  He was not the visionary I would have liked as a foil.  I'm not saying this would have been easy to write, especially 80 years ago, but I felt the Savage was the book's main weakness.  I felt Huxley found it much easier to criticize society and humanity's sickness that to create a positive vision.  The positive vision in this book was implicit and rather hidden.  And considering the horrors we are wreaking on our planet and on children, a positive vision needs to be ultra-explicit!"
"Before I begin- there are some epically epic spoilers up in here, so do not read it without taking due notice of what it contains.In short- beware the spoilers.Brave New World is a dreary, pessimistic, disappointing book. It focuses on a discontent man, Bernard Marx, in a world where everyone is content, a man who asks questions and does things that are not socially acceptable, yet in the end, he does nothing.In Brave New World, set in the year 632 After Ford (2540 in our world) almost all of the human population of Earth lives under a system known as the world state, which uses a tightly controlled caste system, predestination for each individual, and brings up children in ways that can only be described as brainwashing. The only ones who live outside the control of the World State are groups of 'savages', living in reservation areas like Mexico- or New Mexico, whatever- and the Falkland Islands. I started to hate this book and the society it contains in a scene early in the book, in which infants are presented with books and flowers, and are given non-lethal but nonetheless very painful doses of electricity when they take a positive interest in them.This book presents us with a world that makes me cringe with horror every time I turn a page. A drug called soma takes you on a mental vacation, making you happy- why bother fixing your problems when you can just get high?- people are born in hatcheries, mother and father are dirty words, Sigmund Freud is Jesus, and Henry Ford is God.I seriously doubt that Henry Ford had ever intended for the world to look like this. The man was ignorant and probably egotistical in some ways, but few men have ever been so madly obsessed with power and their own ego as to seek to replace God with their own name. It may not have even been Ford's idea, but he still served as an inspiration to the wrong kind of people.But back to our, um, hero, Bernard Marx, an Alpha who is not as happy with the current system as everyone else. He doesn't spend every minute of the day in a group of people, and he doesn't sleep with every woman in town. He also uses soma much less frequently. He even goes to a village in New Mexico to see the so-called 'savages' himself, bringing back John the Savage, son of his boss, the Director of Hatcheries, causing him to resign out of shame and humiliation. I would not call Bernard Marx a hero- he has some of the makings of a hero in the story, especially in a work of dystopian fiction; he feels out of place, asks questions, and God or, um, Ford forbid, he even *thinks*. But what else does he do? In a nutshell, he acts on his unhappiness, goes to New Mexico, brings back a savage, makes his boss resign, and lives the high life until John and subsequently society reject him for the corrupt, repulsive fellow he is. What kind of hero is that?Fahrenheit 451, a much better book with a similar featured government and main character, ends with the main character, Guy Montag, escaping the city he lives in and joining a group of people who have entire books memorized, keeping those books safe until the extremely anti-intellectual government is overthrown, and seeing it attacked and destroyed by foreign aircraft with nuclear weapons. Guy Montag, in short, does exactly what Bernard Marx should have done but did not and could not, and the government in Fahrenheit 451 meets the very end that the World State in Brave New World deserved to.But no.The book ends with John the Savage hanging himself after whipping himself and the woman he has become attracted to, and the people of London and myself were briefly united in standing there at the end, wondering just what the point was and why any of it mattered. I cannot think of when I have disliked the overall story and ending of a book more."
"Aldous Huxley was the brother of Julian Huxley, a fervant eugenicist and darling of the robberbaron banker Elites. It is hard to know whether Brave New World (BNW) is cautionary, or a piece of predictive programming. It represents a worldview where social order is based on a sort of biologic caste system- not due to breeding or genetic manipulation (this book predates the discovery of DNA), but due to postnatal treatments designed to dumb people down to the level appropriate for their preordained station in life. Naturally, the ""Brave New World"" has a pyramidal structure, with Elites at the top, and a much broader base of ""Deltas"" in the slave caste. It is perhaps one of the most frighting ideas of all time that technology could become a tool of subjugation, pushing the world into a neo-feudal prison instead of elevating us on a pathway to collective self-actualization. The totalitarianism in BNW is as thorough as that depicted in Orwell's 1984, but of a softer variety. Where Orwell employs a paramilitary police force to enforce Big Brother's oppressive rule, Huxley's society secures obedience through drugs, slicker, more corporate-looking propaganda, social controls, and economic incentives. There is more carrot than stick, but the Brave New World is a hellish nightmere nevertheless.As technology marches forward, gaining momentum as it goes, one wonders whether some of these developments might be inevitable. But the idea that technology will be the root of our problems is as flawed as looking to technology to save all our problems. Social problems need to be solved (or averted, I hope) by changing attitudes. The key to preventing a Brave New World does not lay in halting the progress of science or industry; it lies in prizing the one thing missing from Huxley's nightmare state: civil liberties"
"Brave New World is one of the three biggies in utopian/dystopian literature. Yes, there are many great dystopian novels out there but George Orwell's 1984, Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 and Aldous Huxley's Brave New World always seem to grab the most attention.In Brave New World society is being controlled by brainwashing people, drugs (soma) and a form of entertainment called ""Feelies"" which like a motion picture that provides touch sensations as well as sight and sound. People don't have mothers and fathers in this society; everybody is engineered in a lab. There are various castes that people are born into. The castes are Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta and Epsilon (in that order). Alphas are the highest level - they are world controllers, psychiatrists and the like. Epsilons are the sewage workers, foundry workers, etc.Brave New World starts by following Bernard who is a high level Alpha-plus. He is one of the higher level individuals but he doesn't fit in. He is noticeably small compared to other people in his caste, he seems to be looked down on, and even by those who is below his caste level. There are rumors that alcohol was accidentally administered while he was incubated.Later on in the book somebody from outside of the society comes into the picture, he is known as the Savage. The Savage is from an Indian pueblo in New Mexico. The Savage is completely different from these people, which creates some very interesting scenarios.Brave New World is expertly written. Huxley's prose is exciting and very creative. There are some very interesting plot developments, especially towards the latter half of the book when the Savage is brought into the negative-utopian society.Check this book out - I highly recommend it! Brave New World is a very fun read that never seems to have a dull moment."
"i read Brave New World in high school and it is one of the few books that i specifically remember disliking, probably due to the fact that the teacher and i consistently butted heads.  so, in an attempt to give the book a fair second chance, i eagerly picked it up for the February installment of the English 101 Classics Challenge at The Olive Reader.  i actually surprised myself and read it in a day and a half, which for me, means that it was at least half decent.if you've never read BNW, then i would really suggest giving it a read.  it just seems to be one of those few books out there that comes with a societal obligation to read it, and re-read it.  it's not that its the best book i've ever read, but rather that it is a very applicable book, one that speaks volumes about humanity and the impact of technology on such things as art, free will, and ethics.  although i don't really remember much about my first read-through, i'm certain that the takeaway from 10+ years ago to today was vastly different.  as the world evolves, so will the parallels of a book such as this.  much like 1984 by George Orwell (which i should also re-read someday soon), BNW is truly a timeless classic.the storyline is simple, following a few workers from The Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre, a human hatchery, where embryos are developed, conditioned and ultimately brought up to be ideal citizens of various ""castes"".  Alphas are all genetically unique and are naturally the most intelligent, highest functioning individuals, whereas Epsilons are replicated by the hundreds and stunted in their growth and development to mindlessly, happily even, fulfill the more mundane needs of society.  ""Alphas can be completely socialized - but only on condition that you make them do Alpha work. Only an Epsilon can be expected to make Epsilon sacrifices, for the good reason that for him they aren't sacrifices; they're the line of least resistance.  His conditioning has laid down rails along which he's got to run.""through the various workers, we learn the cultural standards of this futuristic world where there are no mothers or fathers, no marriages or boredom, and therefore no apparent sadness.  this `future' that Huxley constructed back in the 1930's is really not all that far off from where we are today, which makes the few extremes a little too realistic for comfort.  for this reason, i now understand why this is so popularly taught in schools.  i wish i'd gotten more out of it the first time, but i'm very grateful for the re-read.i think my favorite part of the book is all of the various hypnopædic messages, such as ""Progress is lovely"", which was received by a child for ""five hundred repetitions once a week from thirteen to seventeen"".  some were absolutely hilarious and added a haunting reality to the power of subliminal messaging.  and, naturally, the plot develops as some of the characters begin to question these universally accepted messages.  'He laughed, ""Yes, `Everybody's happy nowadays.' We begin giving the children that at five. But wouldn't you like to be free to be happy in some other way, Lenina? In your own way, for example; not in everybody else's way.""'all in all, this is and will probably always be a very good book, well written and constructed.  the characters are entertaining and there is a lot of gratuitous sexual content (although non-graphic) and drug usage, which is not surprisingly the only thing i actually remember from my earlier read.  my only real complaint is that there are some lulls in the flow of the writing, particularly toward the end where it feels as though Huxley brings the various themes together in a stumbling sort of manner to the conclusion.  but, that aside, i enjoyed the reading and would definitely recommend it to everyone."
"I can't help but compare Brave New World to Nineteen Eighty Four as I read it immediately prior, and by comparison, BNW is a superior book. I realize that they were written in different historical contexts (BNW after WWI and 1984 during Stalin's reign), but I still find BNW's dystopian vision much more compelling.The fundamental difference between the two is that Huxley envisions a world in which people are controlled by their desires whereas Orwell sees people being controlled by fear. Historically, control by fear has not lasted - such control leads people to feel oppressed in an escapable way and thus leads to revolution. The velvet fist of control by desire, however, seems to be happening even now. When people are pacified in ways they find enjoyable, few will be aware they are being oppressed, and even fewer would consider revolution."
"One of a few masterpieces oft cited to illustrate the definition of ""dystopia,"" written as a satirical warning against a frightening future, much of the utopia that ""Brave New World"" describes is (scarily) already here, or soon to be.  As a minimum, no one should be allowed to be born in a capitalistic society before having read this entertaining and well written novel."
"Having heard mostly good things about the book - I gave it a shot. The story line was confusing, none of the characters were terribly interesting and the whole plot was rather random, if I do say.To be honest I read the book about a year and I remember little - it was that forgettable. I do remember at the time wondering if it would ever just end - I did finish the book (I never just put down a book because I always tend to get invested just enough to wonder if the good part is coming soon). I do remember the letdown of nothing interesting or insightful ever coming.While I've certainly read worse, unfortunately, I cannot recommend the book to others. I'm not saying it's a bad book -certainly many other readers and reviewers have enjoyed this book much more than I have. It just goes to show the varying degrees of human interest."
"Brave New World is a novel by Aldous Huxley, written in 1931 and published in 1932. Set in the London of AD 2540 (632 A.F. in the book), the novel anticipates developments in reproductive technology and sleep-learning that combine to change society. The future society is an embodiment of the ideals that form the basis of futurism.(excerpt from Wikipedia)"
"This is a great edition of this classic novel.  Best of all, I got a great price for 52 of my students using Amazon - no tax, no shipping, and a discounted price.  You can bet I'll be checking Amazon first from now on!"
"The most chillingly accurate futuristic satire with incredible insight on religion, philosophy, the sciences, society, and happiness; how these relate to humanity, and always will relate to humanity. Buy this book, read this book."
"Huxley's Brave New World, hardly needs a rave review as it has already received many and further has been recognized as a literary and cultural icon of the 20th century. In addition to it's being recognized on many lists as one of the top influential novels of it time, it also has the distinction of being one of the more challenged books by those who believe that banning challenging works is a positive behavior.Huxley comes from a distinguished family that is no stranger to controversy.  The book itself clearly takes on controversial issues such as religion, sexuality and projects through the vehicle of science fiction and futurism a world that could be the logical result of trends that Huxley observed in his day and age.  Ironically, those who react so strongly to those elements that Huxley portrays probably miss that rather than being a proponent, as they appear to presume, Huxley may in fact be sounding the alarm and attempting to illustrate the need for change.For having been written in the early 1930's, Huxley's work remains remarkably contemporay and readible today.  Issues such as technology and hedonism have hardly diminished in terms of their impact in western society.Having read this book in the Kindle format, I would be remiss to mention that the book reads well in this medium and that any well read person would do well to add this to their library not only for the skillful manner in which Huxley brings tough issues to the fore, but also to grasp the manner in which this book has indeed shaped many of the moral and ethical discussions of today with issues such as stem cell development, abortion and cyber development.I read this book because I felt by not reading it to this point, I was neglecting an important work that I've heard referred to in many different contexts.  Having read it, I can confirm its value and power and recommend it as needful reading whether the reader is completely in agreement with the underlying message the book conveys or not.5 stars for content and the Kindle medium.Bart Breen"
"When I was 16, I was exposed to Aldous Huxley's futuristic world.  So began my love for dystopian literature.  His world of soma and alphas is haunting, and I think that the virtual reality found in that book comes alarmingly close to what we now encounter.  Perhaps I think highly of this book because I was young and hadn't read anything like it before (I still must read 1984!). When I read Margaret Atwood's dystopian lit.,  I often think of pictures Huxley painted with his words.  This should be on all high school require reading lists; it was on mine.  I have to go back to my childhood home and pull up my dog-eared highlighted--and just darn old--copy."
"Once again a book that garners acclaim but leaves you (me anyway) feeling like you wasted precious moments of your life--ala On The Road.  But, you deserve to see for yourself and be the final judge and jury.  I give the guy a five for creativity though.  I did not find the romantic aspects stimulating, although they could've been."
"It's no exaggeration to say that ""Brave New World"" is one of the most significant books of the twentieth century. Its social criticism is keen, its prophecies are shockingly accurate, and its theme of restless humanity struggling under the bonds of oppression is a timeless one. Other reviews will tell you much the same: this book deserves to be read by everyone living under Western civilization, and reread several times.I say all this, however, with one major reservation - the story is lousy. To elaborate: The first half of the book follows Bernard Marx, one of civilization's discontents, an outsider who smells something rotten at the core of this eugenic utopia. Halfway through the book he befriends John, a ""noble savage"" from a nature reservation who grew up without any modern technology. Bernard decides, as a sort of anthropological experiment, to bring his ""savage"" friend back to civilized London. But once he becomes keeper of the hottest attraction in town, Bernard's newfound popularity goes to his head, turning him into a shallow, contemptible jackass. The story abandons him to follow John the Savage, who takes to this Brave New World as a cat takes to water. He detests it, its lack of emotion and humanity, and boils with such moral indignation that he's finally driven to, shall we say, desperate measures. But I'll say no more: no plot spoilers here.Huxley begins with a fascinating premise, but its execution is flawed. This reader, for one, didn't know where to lay his sympathies: Huxley discards Bernard once he has the Savage to play with, and soon even the Savage becomes into a mere receptacle for Huxley's own moral outrage. Other characters begin to show the glimmer of redeeming qualities, but nothing ever comes of them. A didactic tone prevails throughout the novel, and the most important confrontations read more like philosophical dissertations than dramatic scenes. It's obvious early on that Huxley is more preoccupied with his ideas than his characters, and his fiction suffers for it.But these shortcomings are purely aesthetic (and to Huxley's credit, he confesses to them early in the Preface). Huxley may not have been a brilliant storyteller, but he was a brilliant man of ideas. That's why I cannot recommend highly enough the companion volume to this work, ""Brave New World Revisited,"" a series of essays Huxley wrote in 1958 to expand upon the social forces at work in the novel, particularly brainwashing and propaganda. (There's a paperback edition available on Amazon that contains both works.)  Huxley is at his very best when he's writing nonfiction; he encapsulates whatever idea he's examining, anticipates the reader's questions and objections at every turn, and carefully lays out the implications of the idea. And these essays are especially remarkable, not only because the phenomena they describe are sublimely monstrous, but because these phenomena have, in great measure, come to be.More so even than George Orwell's nightmare society, the bleak, inhuman future of Huxley's ""Brave New World"" seems to resemble our own world more with each new decade. That's why it's important to read and reread this book. Huxley has stood the test of time, if not as storyteller then as social prophet. His world is as original, terrifying, and prescient as it was when he conceived it."
"Though easily his most famous book, Brave New World may also the least satisfactory for those readers who enjoyed Huxley's work from the first decades of the century--or at least it is less satisfactory reading for me. To wit, for others familiar with these earlier works, Brave New World may seem a bit heavy handed, a-literary, and more a compilation of typical Huxley themes than a continuation of the pleasing novels of the twenties and thirties. The writing and observations are without nuance, and with too large an intent to startle, stir and create paradox. There is the sense, in Brave New World, of the author being a skilled literary puppeteer entertaining and awing with his usual tricks. No doubt there are grabbing effects and counterintuitive speculations that might amaze and amuse the reader naive to Huxley's general cast of mind, but also a loss of the delicacy of Huxley's usual prose style. For those not familiar with Huxley, an example in another art form might illuminate: the song ""I want to Hold Your Hand"" was at the time the most popular Beatles song, full of interesting, crowd pleasing effects, but certainly not their best work, and geared to be popular amongst an American audience. In the same way, Brave New World seems an over-exaggerated display of some Huxleyen literary effects with his typical themes, and in some ways, seems less intelligent than previous more obscure works.  The need to delve into scientific speculation, and the need to comment upon human society in a prescient way seems to have been a predisposition from the Matthew Arnold side of the family, as well as a white elephant burden from his predecessor, Thomas Huxley, Darwin's bulldog. Brave New World, though hailed as an important book, has the beginnings of some of his later, more idiosyncratic thinking such as the belief in the paranormal or ESP, where the pressures of iconoclasm and oppositionality to convention steered Huxley into erroneous, puzzling directions. In some ways, Brave New World is the summit of Huxley's career, in other ways, it is the beginning of the end. Damon LaBarbera, Ph"
"I read this because my 15 year old granddaughter had it assigned in a high school English class. Tomorrow they start discussion groups. It is hard to imagine talking about the sexual explicity of the work in a class. I don't know that I could talk about it one on one with her myself.My first reaction was how many artifacts and social institutions Huxley has anticipated. Resort hotels in the Arctic with television in the bedroom (yes, 1932). The hospice Linda ends her life in, not very different from the hospices of today. Test tube babies. Helicopters buzzing around like Vietnam. (Not so frequent in the skies for civilians today). No we don't have ""feelies"" but the explicit sex in movies today mirrors the intent. The sexual revolution where birth control has led to loveless relationships. Institutionalzation of the one night stand.The most alarming thing about the book is the acceptance, as in Plato (as another reviewer mentioned) of a class based society with jobs assigned on the basis of ability. Not that it is any different from the Hindu system of castes. Test based discrimination of the early Chinese state is not that different from the SAT state of today. It violates the ""American dream"" of equal opportunity.The book does not seem to hang together very well and the insertion of the Reservation scenes is not realistic. However, it does give a chance to introduce the Savage and his role as representing a moral human being, or at least moral based on the general morality as perceived by the UN and possibly the civilized world of today, espoused, if not practiced.I am glad it assigned for the sophomore year of high school. It took me many years to arrive here. It raises questions covered in the world history class she is taking at the same time and I hope the discussions of the students in the next few weeks will remain talking points for them for many years to come."
"I found out about this book from a friend who was interested in reading it, and after researching it and seeing it compared to George Orwell's 1984, I decided to read it. I think critic Neil Postman said it best with, ""What Orwell feared were those who would ban books. What Huxley feared was that there would be no reason to ban a book, for there would be no one who wanted to read one. Orwell feared those who would deprive us of information. Huxley feared those who would give us so much that we would be reduced to passivity and egoism. Orwell feared that the truth would be concealed from us. Huxley feared the truth would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance. Orwell feared we would become a captive culture. Huxley feared we would become a trivial culture, preoccupied with some equivalent of the feelies, the orgy porgy, and the centrifugal bumblepuppy. As Huxley remarked in Brave New World Revisited, the civil libertarians and rationalists who are ever on the alert to oppose tyranny ""failed to take into account man's almost infinite appetite for distractions."" In 1984, Orwell added, people are controlled by inflicting pain. In Brave New World, they are controlled by inflicting pleasure. In short, Orwell feared that what we fear will ruin us. Huxley feared that what we desire will ruin us."" After reading Brave New World, I can definitely see how it relates to our modern society and was quite surprised to learn that it was written in 1931"
"This should be mandatory reading for all high school seniors.  This book describes a futuristic world where everyone has given up their individuality and freedom in order to be relieved of all pain, danger, and uncertainty.  Little do they know they've also given up their rights, joy, and love."
This is a very interestimg sci-fi read that gets you to really think about where the future may go.  The characters are were well developed and intriguing.
"Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" frightfully ventures beyond the borders of society deep within the labyrinths of a distraught future managed through control of physiology, control of psychology, and control of society. The dystopian future portrayed in this novel is both outstanding and rather cold - with a depressing conclusion and little resolve this book is set apart from others of its kind simply by the mere fact that it acts as a ""what if"" in regards to our future. The real frightening prospect is the fact that some of the core elements defined within this dystopian society do not seem that farfetched from modern culture.If you like philosophically betraying reads centered in the possibilities of tomorrow I highly recommend this outstanding book. At times I found the text somewhat dry but the message and suppositions it presented were well worth the hardships in this fantastic science fiction novel."
"In this classic novel, Huxley introduces readers to a future society where humans are mass produced and must stay in the class to which they are delivered.  This is a tale of conflict and culture shock when into this regimented society comes John ""The Savage"" - a human that has lived outside this society and is now learning about it from an outsider's point of view.-- Reviewed by Jodi Turchin"
"This review isn't a book review (though I thoroughly enjoyed the book), but rather a comment about the Kindle's formatting:The formatting leaves a little to be desired:  not always clear breaks, some typos, and a few random euro-language letter swaps for English letters; but overall very readable.  You wont be distracted by any glaring errors. I recommend the download."
"This book is truly fantastic! The images provided are imaginative and in my humble opinion, beautiful and terrifying at the same time."
"I bought this vintage copy because I like to read classics generally as they originally appeared in order to distill the ""atmosphere"" that each famous classic modern novel presented in the era in which they were written.The generation for when the novel was published must have been truly shocked at the thoughts of a future society of free love, diminished education and purpose and lack of religious security.Now it is not so shocking, because most of these ""predictions"" have come to pass. You know now that Mr. Savage is going to have a big problem with the new society and you can predict his response. In consideration of the time this was written in, I am sure it was much more of a shock to them.I loved the story, the book and now I really appreciate it."
"Brave New WorldBy: Quinn, Greg, Terrance, and Tatiauna (12th grade)Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a dystopian novel that points out some important flaws in society. The setting of the book is in a future society in London, England where the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre. This is an important part of the book because it sets up how society functions and there point of views. Even though the beginning is important, it is also boring and confusing, but once characters start to develop, the plot and action picks up. At the London Hatchery they are creating human beings in an assembly line format. Basically, they are mass producing humans and creating man made responses by using shock therapy on small children. An example of this is when a child reaches for a flower they shock the child so that whenever it sees a flower it acknowledges it as dangerous and painful. They also put certain children through tough conditions to optimize their performance in certain areas such as making the temperature of the embryo colder to make them more efficient in colder climates. It is also made clear in the first couple of chapters that the people of this society worship Henry Ford as if he were Jesus Christ. This helps explain Huxley's point that we should be careful about how we use mass production or the government will start mass producing humans. As the story continues it is evident that the government is distracting people with simple sinful luxuries of life. They use drugs, sex, and mind-control techniques to create a euphoric society in which everyone believes that they are happy. The government is striving for a perfect utopia but it is obvious that it shall never happen. This is because perfection is impossible to reach when every human makes mistakes and every human does not think exactly alike even if they are mind-controlled. Evidence is shown in this book as we follow the main character Bernard Marx. Bernard is supposed to be an elite member of society but someone put alcohol in his surrogate when he was younger. This stunted his growth which might not seem like an overwhelming burden, but in a society where elite members are taller than everyone else it made him self-conscious. Since he was so self-conscious he enjoyed being away from people which made him seem more of an outcast than he already was. This is a society full of people becoming ""one"" and obviously they viewed Bernard as weird because he wanted to seem more individual. A result of this individuality is his banishment from society. This novel distinguishes between the good of technology and how it could become bad if people start abusing their power with it. It creates a character that everyone can relate to and feel and think like he would in his life and time. Most of all Huxley creates a dystopian novel about how government control should be somewhat limited otherwise all individuality will be lost."
"Production of identical beings, neo-Pavlovian conditioning, surrogate parenting, ranking from birth, mass production in biology, Fordism--these are factors in the new age the novelist describes.  Sleep teaching is practiced.  The caste system is followed in the new world.  There are soma bottles and sex hormone chewing gum used to satisfy the desires of the populace.  There is a Bureau of Propaganda, (and a College of Emotional Engineering),  to assist in the running of society.Names of the character are clever and significant--Lenina, Hoover, Bernard Marx, Herbert Bakunin, Morgana Rothschild, George Edzel.  Sometimes people go to New Mexico to look at the savages.  Travel is nearly instantaneous in rockets.  The best quality is Fordliness.  There are two kinds of existence, one of which takes place at the Reservation of Savages.  In the other kind of existence clothes are discarded, not mended, people look healthier, and Bloomsbury is the centre of industry.  There is a Social Predestination Room filled with embryos.Bernard Marx, an Alpha-Plus, is to be sent to Iceland by way of punishment until a trick is played on the Director.  The Director of Hatcheries and Conditioning, Bernard's overlord, is confronted by Linda, a savage, an apparition in the nature of the first Mrs. Rochester in JANE EYRE.  The man becomes an ex-Director.  Upper caste London is agog.Linda obtains soma and remains in Bernard's apartment.  While touring Eton, Linda's son John is told that the students don't read Shakespeare.  Hemholtz Watson is Bernards friend.  He has also come into conflict with authority.  Ultimately John gags on civilization.Reading the book leaves the reader as puzzled as before the experience takes place.  It is  a solid work, sustaining a place among the top literary titles.  The book is a rebuttal to the formation of mass society and resultant standardization.  The challenges to liberty are suggested.  Ideas such as history is bunk, end not mend, (forced obsolescence), the loss of individuality are chilling."
This is a great book.  A must read for today. Huxley was an entire century ahead of the times
"A fascinating look at a Utopian society.  Michael York does an incredible job ""performing"" this classic story.  He uses a different voice and intonation for each character, making it easier to follow Huxley's sometimes confusing leaps from one character or conversation to another.  I didn't want it to end."
"This book perfectly illustrates how civilization murders the human soul, and how far back progress can take us."
"I very much enjoy earlier science fiction -- E.E. Doc Smith, for instance -- and ""Brave New World"" (1932) was not an exception. It's an interesting book raising some searching questions about our own society through the vision of a utopian/dystopian future. Whether you see it as a utopia or dystopia depends on what you value in life, the risks you are prepared to take and how you feel society can be bettered. Personally, I saw the main society portrayed as mostly suppressive. All over a very good read and recommended."
"As a college student, getting good deals is at the top of my list. I will definitely be using ""Your Online Bookstore"" in the future."
If you loved 1984 or the Handmaid's Tale this is another to add to the collection. This book portays a future Earth in this fiction.
"I had heard several rave reviews of this book, read it was on the banned list for a while and saw it listed on preparatory reading lists for college bound students.  When I first started reading it, I could not understand why schools assign it to high students.  As I got into the book, I realized it has several social lessons to be taught.  I think the most important is the idea of a perfect society.  Greek philosophers started the idea and it remains somewhat popular today.  Conservatives will balk at the sexual openness, references to soma and the genetic manipulations discussed in the book, but the best lesson is shown through the character development of the main characters and the ultimate fate of John.Huxley shows that a perfect society is like communism, good in theory, but not applicable in today's society due to one main factor: individualism.  Humans thrive on their `uniqueness' and Huxley's new world eliminates it much the way Marx and Engles discarded it in the Communist Manifesto.After finishing Brave New World, I can see why schools assign the book.  It is well written and educational for students and adults alike."
"I read this book again recently and it still holds up as an excellent piece of fiction. The narrative is exciting and energetic and contains much originality. I don't find Huxley's vision or social statement particularly compelling or insightful, but the writing, pace of the story, originality, etc. still makes this well worth reading. Paul Gehrman, Author, Kaleidoscope"
Cherish your emotions. Discontent and sadness can be healthy and welcomed. Moderation in all things is wise.
"I found no differences between this and the actual printed copy of Brave New World and there were no typos. Overall, a great book."
"Have not read this book since AP English course in HS.  Very poignant with current times, makes you think about societal norms in a whole new way."
Its strange what aldous Huxley had imagined for our future but somewhat accurate. Very creative and imaginative. I enjoyed this book more than I thought I would. Would have also liked to know what had happened to the other two men.
Required reading for my son's college course.  He is an avid reader so I'm sure he liked the book. Thanks
"The novel, Brave New World, is considered to this day, a modern novel, that captures the minds of many, young and old. It is one of the best science fiction works and satirical pieces I have had the opportunity to read. This novel takes place on the Earth in the 25th century in which biologic engineering is used by a dictatorship to ensure the social stability and happiness of humans. As the book progresses Huxley reveals the disturbing secrets and struggles that come of a life completely dependent on technology and how these advancements do not improve life, but limit it.Huxley creates a fascinating world of comedy, satire, wonderfully deep characters, futuristic predictions, and philosophical ideals that challenge the very way you may see the world. The most captivating part of Huxley's piece is the fact that in many ways his dystopian view has actually arrived and we as a society have reached the threshold that today are in the very act of stepping across"
If you liked 1984 you will love this book. Alternate future books are very interesting to me. Couldn't put it down
"What I found most interesting about this book which was written in 1932 but is set some six centuries in the future, is the limited imagination Huxley had in regard to modern gadgetry.  It starts out with the students still writing with pencils and paper!  It is only eight decades into the future and already those items are obsolete.  What would he have thought of the internet?"
"I'm kind of mistrustful of the agenda of the human race as a whole and this book feed into that. A forerunner to George Carlin. Thoroughly enjoyable! An easy, fun read!"
It is truly one of the great sience fiction novels of all times.Underneath; there is captivating exploration of the raw emotions that make people tick and an unapologetic  acknowledgement that everyone looks at the world through their own complexes.
Really enjoyed this book.  What a vision of the future.  Enjoyed the science base of the plot and the moral questions raised.  highly recommended.
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley was published in 1932. It deals with a dystopian world set in London in 2540. It depicts a human population that is genetically manipulated and reared entirely in test tubes, then brainwashed to be totally subservient to the caste to which they are designated. Considering this book was written at a time when the world was in the depth of an economic depression it is no surprise that it depicts a world dominated by the industrial complex, devoid of free will, totally subservient to a form of government that is both socialist and capitalist. As with any science fiction novel read several decades after it was written, the reality of technological progress may have surpassed the vision of the author or not yet matched it. The structure of DNA was not revealed until 1953, though it was certainly understood well before then that certain traits were heritable and the field of genetics has undergone a veritable revolution since then. So, it is no surprise that Huxley's description of genetic engineering lacks a lot of the specifics we now take for granted, making the book seem somewhat dated. If the plot were more engaging or the character development were stronger, than the novel would still stand the test of time, but it seems to come up a bit short in both of those areas. Compared to two other very good dystopian novels written after Huxley's, Orwell's 1984 (published in 1949 and focused on a society devoid of human rights) and Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 (published in 1953 and centered on a hedonistic, anti-intellectual society where most books are banned) it is clear where Brave New World falls short. Both 1984 and Fahrenheit 451 depend more on their character development and the timeless themes of human struggle with society and personal relationships."
Product in excellent shape and was shipped faster than I had expected.  Great service!
"I did not like this book.  It had a few interesting elements but the concepts are a little ""out there.""  I would not recommend this book to anyone unless they had nothing else to read.  I did not even finish the book."
"This is a great book to challenge the belief that there should be no pain, aging, sickness, etc. in our life.The government believes that by controlling everything in the environment, and by creating classes of people based on chemical tampering and subliminal programming during the incubation process (as babies are developing in the lab), people can be made to have a ""happy"" and productive life. The problem is that emotion, spirituality, liberty, and questioning is not allowed to disturb the tranquility of this existence.The Savage from a reservation outside of this environment is brought into the story about a third of the way into it to question this type of life.I think the story dragged a little bit, which is why I gave it four, instead of five, stars."
"""Brave New World"" is a novel of a particular, possible, future and has been a 'classic' since the 1940s.  Today (2008), that 'future' still seems all too possible.  I think it is one of the scariest books I have ever read.  ""1984"" was one of the other scariest books.I recommend reading this book as well as ""1984"". Then, work against both of these possible futures."
"Although this book was written in 1932, the concepts are as real today as anytime in the past.  This is a timely classic allowing us to see a could be society but also the idiosyncrociesof todays society."
I was very happy with the speed of delivery and the book's quality (which was on par with what the sender had described). Keep up the good work!
"The Heritage Press Brave New World is one of their most successful and integrated book designs.Cataloguers sometimes report that it is bound in leather, but the glossy orange-red with black and silver details is actually vinyl. Illustrated with gravures by Mara McAfee, including a little helicopter which is repeated as a design motif, the book has ample margins and is printed in Palatino with Chisel chapter numbers and stick-up initials. In a black slipcase. For me, the total effect is a book that veers far away from the futuristic -- it is something modern yet familiar.Introduction by Ashley Montagu."
"The Heritage Edition of 1974 is a large format hardback with bold type and ample margins. Black slipcase.Bound in a glossy red-orange, it is illustrated with 8 gravures by Mara McAfee and has an introduction by Ashley Montagu.Sewn binding; 237 pp."
"The Heritage Edition of 1974 is a large format hardback with bold type and ample margins. Black slipcase.Bound in a glossy red-orange, it is illustrated with 8 gravures by Mara McAfee and has an introduction by Ashley Montagu.Sewn binding; 237 pp."
"It looks like Aldous Huxley wrote this book as a reaction to some of the Utopian books that authors like HG Wells wrote glorifying scientific progress. Huxley wrote this vision of dystopia and was a few years ahead of the more famous George Orwell's 1984.It is amazing to me that Aldous Huxley wrote this in 1931. Here is a list of things he manages to predict will come true in the brave new world of ours:- Bell Bottoms! (this is true..he predicted bell bottom pants)- LSD. He calls it Soma.- Cloning- Anti-depressant drugs- Helicopter Taxis (well, we dont have these yet - although there is a helicopter taxi from Wall Street to JFK airport)- Contraception- Test Tube babies- Sexual Revolution- Unlimited consumption- Planned obsolesence- Instant gratification- Atheistic societies  (maybe this was already there in Leninist Russia - can't say)- Social Engineering (think Great Society or the Great Leap Forward)- Botox and cosmetic surgery- Vaccination (this I dont know if it already existed then)- Super bugs- Brain washingThese are some things I just happen to remember off the top of my head. There are tons more like that.I found that while the style of the book is fiction, the heart of the book is non-fiction. I was a bit scared that this book might end up like an Ayn Rand dissertation of objectivism. My chief complaint with Ayn Rand is that she created cardboard characters that mouth her philosophy. Aldous Huxley thankfully escapes that fate (but barely!)His characters are still emotionally shallow and the interactions superficial.  But there is just enough juice in the plot (although riddled with coincidences) that propels you through his vision.True to form, several years later he wrote a sequel called 'Brave New World Revisited', where he dispenses with the fiction and just wrote it as a series of essays.Some themes from the book:I. We look for mitigating strategies for every problem we face. Painmedication for pain. Anti-depressant medication for depression. Video games or TV for boredom. Botox for skin sag. And on and on and on.This feels like we want to escape life rather than live it. I am obviously not saying don't take Tylenol. But I suppose I am saying that the sum total of all our consumption is tending towards an escape from living life.II. Our best efforts to 'control' nature is futile for two reasons. One nature will overwhelm us. And two, we are not separate from nature - we ARE nature.III. We are creatures of conditioning. We should set aside hours in a day and days in a month to carefully consider our in-built assumptions about the world, about our society and fellow living beings and ourselves to figure out whether we are operating on platitudes or operating on what we arrive at for ourselves as the truth. i.e. leading the examined lifeIV. When cultures clash, it is of serious consequence. (It is happening today as we can see between religions and between societies). The clash is because of a radically different set of assumptions within each culture that views its own values as good and the other culture's values as not just different, but antithetical and inimcal.Overall, this is one of the most satifisfying books I have been through in a long time.  Protienaceous and not bubble-gum! Having said that the fiction layer was mediocre at best, and the non-fiction layer was a tour de force."
Bought for a school assignment. Read it; and was kinda grossed but laughed at most of the things supposebly scary. eh im just demented.
"I think there are other reviews that articulate quite well what this book is about, I just wanted to add a tidbit that relates to this book about the author. After reading this book, which was excellent, I was surprised to find out that Huxley was indeed a supporter of eugenics and was an avid drug user.A BNW seemed to have a very pessimistic outlook on all forms of genetic engineering, eugenics and also on drugs to achieve an ""ignorance is bliss"" state of mind. Perhaps his intent was to show the dark side of what can arise, but I don't think, as apparently he didn't either, that GE or drug use is an inherently evil thing. I plan on reading The Island and Doors of Perception by him next, perhaps this will expose some more understanding of his views on this topic."
Work the time to review/reread. Huxley gives a look into the metaphysical psychedelia frontier of excited thought from that time.
The product came in almost brand new condition. i would definately order from this book store/ website again.
"_Brave New World_, first published in 1932, by writer and thinker Aldous Huxley is a classic science fiction tale that reveals a utopian future in which genetic modification, social organization, and designer pharmaceuticals have been perfected to create a system of perfect happiness.  This novel along with George Orwell's _1984_ (1949) was to rank among the Twentieth Century's most chilling science fiction utopian/dystopian masterpieces.  Indeed, Huxley was later to note not only the resemblance of his novel to Orwell's novel but also the uncanny accuracy of many of his predictions.  In particular, the rise of genetic engineering, social organization, and designer pharmaceuticals to eliminate all discomfort and unhappiness has become widespread.  Aldous Huxley (1894 - 1963) was a novelist, author, and thinker who was born in England and lived for a time in the United States in southern California as well as taking a particular interest in the Indian tribes of New Mexico.  Huxley was related to the famous scientist and social Darwinist T. H. Huxley.  This novel is perhaps Huxley's most widely known and its message for the modern world is very important.  Indeed, the novel shows how it might even be necessary to choose unhappiness in order to be truly free.In the novel, all the characters within civilization live a life of mechanized order.  Childbirth has become a thing of the past, and Malthusian policies have been implemented.  However, at the same time ""happiness"" has been achieved through a special drug called ""soma"" (named after the mythical hallucinogenic drink) which allows the user to achieve a blissful state whenever depression begins to develop.  Everyone in civilization is sexually promiscuous and as such is expected to be a functioning member of society.  No one appears to grow old because of life enhancement stimulants; however, death is regarded as simply unimportant and the old are simply done away with.  A system of perfect eugenics has been instated with society regimented strictly into castes, from alpha to epsilon.  The world is ruled over by World Controllers including Mustapha Mond, one of the great world leaders.  Furthermore, Henry Ford has become a messianic figure within the novel (as well as Sigmund Freud to a lesser extent).  Alternatively, civilization is contrasted to life amongst the ""savages"", where civilization cannot be implemented and where the old ways still prevail.  The ""savages"" are Indian tribes that are largely superstitious and still experience life's vicissitudes, while those among civilized society simply ingest soma when faced with difficulty.The novel begins in London at the hatchery for children (the process by which children are created after genetic modification since natural childbirth has become a thing of the past).  The novel follows the lives of two individuals Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowne (who eventually are to travel to a savage reservation on holiday).  Bernard Marx is considered a social outcaste because of his preference for being alone, his high intelligence, and his indifference to sexual promiscuity.  On the other hand, Lenina is considered societally acceptable because of her sexual promiscuity.  Bernard takes Lenina to a savage reservation in New Mexico where they are to meet Linda (a former member of civilization who became pregnant with the child of the Director of Hatcheries) and John (her son and now a member of the savage community).  Linda (who has become a mother and now is seen as socially worthless by society) has become an alcoholic and a prostitute among the savage reservation.  Bernard decides to take John and Linda back to civilization in an effort to regain social status after he has been threatened with banishment to Iceland by the Director of Hatcheries.  Once they arrive back in civilization John confronts his father and thus completely destroys the Director (who has now become a father and is deemed socially unacceptable).  Eventually the savage (John) is to learn about civilization and begin a relationship with Lenina (who is frequently using the drug soma).  It is discovered that Linda is slowly dying and since death is not a concern among the civilized people she is allowed to die.  John eventually is to meet up with Mustapha Mond, the Resident World Controller for Western Europe.  However, upon Linda's death, John is tormented by mourning and guilt and eventually isolates himself, becomes horribly addicted to soma, and eventually apparently commits suicide.This sad tale shows us a world where an apparent utopia has been achieved.  It is believed that all people are now happy and that all human worries and troubles can be cured through the drug soma.  However, as it is discovered, not everyone is truly happy.  Bernard is horribly depressed and a social outcaste at the beginning of the novel, and John is eventually to become miserable.  Mustapha Mond addresses this issue when he speaks to the savage.  He says "". . . you're claiming the right to be unhappy . . . Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat; the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind.""  Thus, we see what the savage must really claim for himself in order to be truly free.  In effect, this novel speaks to the meaning of life and the manner in which life is deprived of meaning in the totalitarian state.  The novel also shows the potential horrors of genetic engineering and eugenics, the mindlessness of modern bureaucracy and the modern organized society, and the increasing prevalence of designer pharmaceuticals as a cure to ills.  When this book was written it was believed to be a prescient look into the Twentieth century; however, as we can see this book is even more relevant today where much of what Huxley predicts has already come to pass.  Just as Orwell's _1984_ showed the reader the world of the Twentieth century totalitarian state, this novel shows us the modern world, in which utopia has apparently been achieved, yet in which many are desperately unhappy."
"While this book is supposed to be ""fiction"", it seems to be turning out as a prophecy!  GET THIS BOOK before it gets totally censored world wide!  This book was originally copyrighted in 1932 (I think).  However, some of the stuff is beginning to happen RIGHT NOW!  Buy it while it is still on the market!"
"I was tremendously eager to read Brave New World.  It is a legendary book, and its thoughts on the future have continued to illuminate the present, decades later.  On that score the book is brilliant and visionary.  However, AS A NOVEL it tastes like cardboard.  The characters are hollow and the plot is clumsy.  Fortunately it is a short book, and fortunately, Huxley's remarkable insights carry you through to the end. Still, given that it is a novel, I have to downgrade it for its clumsy design.  I ended up reading this more as a historical document, rather than for its literary style.  That said, lower your expectations, and plunge in.  Huxley was a man of remarkable foresight and one with a keen eye to the social dilemmas posed by technology."
"ATTENTION:If you want to buy from an exceptional seller, look no further! This gentleman went above and beyond. I ordererd one of his books and didnt realize i neglected to choose express delivery (my daughter needed ASAP for school) I sent him an email and to make his customer happy, had an additional copy expressed from another state at no cost to me. I chose to donate the extra copy to the high school english department in his name, I hope he doesnt mind! Again, if you want to deal with an exeptional seller and person,look no further!"
"This futuristic classic of a totalitarian state begins with a tour in the Central London ""Hatchery"" and Conditioning Center where students are shown how human beings are produced through the placing of embros in bottles until they are ""decanted"" and brought into the world.  The newly produced humans, then, are socially conditioned, predestinating them to be of the Alpha, Beta, Delta and Epsilon castes.  This process, which involves cloning and genetic engineering, is aimed at serving the world state motto: ""Community, Identity, Stability.""  The novel's heroes, Bernard Marx, and a ""savage"" named John, begin to turn the plot, as both find the aspects of a controlled society disturbing.Huxley's ""Brave New World"" is written much in the same vein as Orwell's 1948 classic, ""1984,"" and concentrates upon loss of individual freedom.  Huxley's work is remarkable in its research and detail, and, especially, in its prophetic exploration of things to come.  Indeed, genetic engineering is now a reality (though only in its formative stages today in the twenty-first century) and en vitro fertilization is common practice.  References to Ivan Pavlov, and the novels' ideas about ""conditioning"" that actually came to fruition in B.F. Skinner's Radical Behavioralism theories engender admiration for the thought Huxley put into creating this lasting work.  ""Brave New World"" is good science fiction for adults and young adults, alike."
"This book was truly amazing at certain points i was so touched by what i was reading that i was forced to read out loud just to hear these words spoken, Huxley takes commend of the english langage as no other author and creates an almost perfect world if only the savages were included. If this is what the future holds i welcome it with open arms a sad truth."
"To my knowledge, I went through 19 years of education without ever reading what is viewed by many as a literary classic.  Stuck out of town without reading material, I picked up my high school son's volume and read it in about 3 hours.Now, I know that it is considered a classic and it would be easy to just give it five stars and rave about the timelessness of Huxley's vision, but to be honest, if I'd picked it up at the bookstore unaware of its reputation, I'd give it three stars, so I did.  Perhaps that says more about me than about the work, but I'm not going to pretend to like a bottle of wine just because it sells for $100+.  Same theory.The book is by no means bad.  It is very short.  It is moderately entertaining, though despite its brevity, it actually drags at times (such as when The Savage contemplates Shakespeare for a couple of pages).  There is irony in the fact that the most literate character in the book is ""The Savage"".  The conversation between Mons and The Savage was the high point of the book in my opinion.Certainly, published in the 1930s, the book was timely in the face of the burgeoning eugenics movement and the assembly line techniques being perfected by Henry Ford (who was a eugenics supporter unless I'm mistaken).  However, I've got to disagree with many that label Huxley as somehow prescient, and claim that many of his dystopian visions are somehow close to fruition.  It has been 75 years, and while we have enjoyed many technological advances, I don't see us moving any closer to the type of society painted in the novel.  Certainly, the kind of authoritarian regimes that make such a society possible have utterly failed.Perhaps it is the presence of works such as Brave New World and 1984 that serve to warn against a slide in that direction, but whatever the reason, I have every confidence that the freedom loving people of the world will refuse to be pushed into the kind of servitude set out in the novel."
"Brave New World is an excellent choice for anyone who likes to geek out on their English major status.  The references to Shakespeare are well used in the text and make it one of those little gems that keeps you looking for more.  On the scifi nerd front, the futurismic world of happiness at the cost of intellect is one of those ideas that gets repeated often enough, but that is only because so many people love to pilfer from Huxley.  I really enjoyed Brave New World, even if there were a few philosophical points on which I disagree with Huxley (particularly the false dichotomy he expects the reader to blindly accept).  As a dystopian writer Huxley is rightly placed with the greats like Orwell and Zamyatin.Oh yeah, and Leonard Nimoy was great in this movie, they should make it into a book."
"Brave New World is a great dystopic and satirical novel. Aldous Huxley created a world where babies are created in test tubes; love, art, literature, religion, and even science are all things of the ancient past; promiscuity and brainless happiness are qualities to be revered; people are conditioned to be satisfied with their place in society, no matter where it is. These concepts sound outlandish and crazy, but in some ways, this is our society today. Just look at the stars we choose to idolize, like Britney Spears and Paris Hilton). Also, the discouragement of people who do well in school by calling them ""nerds"" or ""geeks"" exemplifies this as well.This novel also shows us where we might be in the future. Many dystopic novels and movies have utilized the idea that the masses will be tamed and controlled by mass drug use, such as the film Equilibrium and The Futurological Congress by Stanislaw Lem. Who knows if we are yet to develop such a drug?With the introduction of John the Savage, into the story, we see that some of our ideas and our social norms have no place in this society. He doesn't fit in to the ""savage"" society because his mother is from the world of decadence beyond the wall. He also doesn't fit into that world because he holds on to his literature and religion, even though he has limited knowledge of both.Huxley did a great job of showing that happiness 100% of the time shouldn't be the only thing we, as a society, strive for. Other things are more important, like freedom, creativity, and compassion."
"I think Brave New World speaks for itself well:""The world's stable now. People are happy; they get what they want, and they never want what they can't get. They're well off; they're safe; they're never ill; they're not afraid of death; they're blissfully ignorant of passion and old age; they're plagued with no mothers or fathers; they've got no wives, or children, or lovers to feel strongly about; they're so conditioned that they practically can't help behaving as they ought to behave. And if anything should go wrong, there's soma."" -Pg 220In a world where there are no more families, scientific curiosity, or independent thought, Brave New World shows us what a society that values social stability and base happiness above all else looks like. Babies are no longer born, they are manufactured in laboratories en masse. People only have casual sex, and love and monogamy are taboos. Whenever a person has any negative feeling, they take a drug called soma that lifts them out of reality into a blissful state isolated from the real world. Individuality is disdained and a punishable offense. Growing up, children are conditioned to accept death as equal to any other bodily function, like sneezing. Love no longer exists.Aldous Huxley shows us the consequences of such a world. The society of Brave New World will be very depressing to anyone who loves freedom and values the individual. With the increasing growth of nanny states in the world today, I believe that Brave New World paints an important picture of the negative relationship between social stability and personal freedom."
"Due to years of hypnopedia, the two million inhabitants of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre: Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas and Epsilons, work contentedly day after day and year after year at the job for which they have been conditioned. Beyond the brainwashing, the sole motivator for their uncomplaining efforts is a psychotropic drug called Soma. But one citizen, Bernard Marx, an Alpha Plus psychologist (top of the pecking order) and hypnopedia expert during the time in which Brave New World is set, 632 A.F. (in the year of Our Ford), is feeling disillusioned. His pat reply to the sunny phrases (like (p 50) ""Everybody's happy now,"") spewed regularly by members of the brainwashed masses, is that particular mantra's conditioning regime (e.g. (p 62) ""Two hundred repetitions, twice a week from fourteen to sixteen and a half""). Wanting to establish a nontraditional relationship with a woman ""known"" to many, Lenina Crowne, he entices her with a date involving entry to a place of limited access: the Savage Reservation, where humans are viviparous (elsewhere, humans are fertilized and formed entirely in test tubes). The couple is stunned at what they encounter: an elderly man, a woman nursing, and a slovenly, aged-looking mystery woman from their own world (off reservation, humans are chemically ""preserved"" into youthfulness until age 60). Unsurprisingly, the mystery woman and her son, ostracized for their differences on reservation, fare even worse in the Other Place.Beyond the obvious issues like social class, behavioral conditioning, cloning, religion, morality, mortality and cultural differences between peoples, are those involving world politics and politicians. Huxley's fantastic, futuristic tale, first published in 1932, was ahead of its time in many ways, and will likely strike a chord with readers one and all. Also good, 1984 by George Orwell, The Giver by Lois Lowery, and Planet of the Apes by Pierre Boulle."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley ****The precursor to George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty Four, and the opposite theory. This was and still is one of the most important novels in the history of novels. Huxleys thoughts on a world obsessed with sex, and personal pleasures is so relevant today.The premise of the book is that the previous world the one we knew in the 1920's was replaced by one obsessed with personal fulfillment with reckless abandon for others and yet we still 'all belong to one another.' It is a hard concept to rap your head around which makes this a challenging and fulfilling read. Though sometimes the book lags in places it makes up for it in others.Though it was written so long ago the book shows a chilling truth to today's world much like Nineteen Eighty Four does but on a different plain. It is worth the read if you are really interested with an open mind and have patience but if not, then don't even try."
"This remarkable book was written around 1931.  As far as I know it is the earliest of the modern dystopia novels (""1984"", ""Fahrenheit 451"").  Read carefully . . . .It is a story, centered in London, of a world where life is lived out in controlled, contented bliss.  Genetic engineering contributes to a smoothly functioning caste system.  Sexual promiscuity is the norm, even instilled in children.  Birth control is the norm.  Behavior altering drug use is the norm.  Physical attractiveness is at a premium and youth is artificially preserved.  Materialistic consumption is prized.  Entertainment occupies non-work hours but does NOT include reading.  Independent thinking is unacceptable.  ""God"" has been replaced by ""Ford"", literally (science and industry!, not superstition).A couple of characters are introduced who behave counter to the culture.  They are eventually banished.  We get a glimpse into the true thoughts of the World Controller, who keeps a safe containing BOOKS.  A central character (The Savage) is introduced, having been imported from the undeveloped American Southwest.  Although a primitive, he was self-educated through study of an ancient volume of Shakespeare.  He is rather pan-theistc, worshipping an assortment of gods that he has became aware of, including the Judeo-Christian God.  (The Savage seems to be doing the best he can with the information he has).  His love relationship with a beautiful but totally indoctrinated London girl destroys him (he is chaste - she is a cookie cutter product of the society and he is appalled by her ready sexual availability).In the end, The Savage cannot function in this society and takes his own life.  The reader may assume that the society then absorbs the entertainment available from this event and moves on blissfully.So . . . who wins, who is happy, who is right?  My conclusion:  If there is no God, the pleasure seeking dystopians were in fact right on track.  The Savage was a superstitious primitive who squandered his life and a multitude of opportunities for sensual and material fun and happiness.Conversely,  if a Creator Deity does exist (whom The Savage clearly sought), then it would appear that The Savage, in death, moved on to a superior state, and indeed had lived out his whole life in a superior fashion of obedience.  The dystopians, on the other hand, live out their reward in the present physical life, squandering eternity.The Bible (referenced in the novel, a copy hidden in the Controller's safe) asserts that The Creator is self-evident through his creation, and all who reject him are without excuse.  Correspondingly, there are multiple allusions in the novel to fascination with nature, such as the night sky.  Such interest is suppressed by the dystopian society of course.  I think that is the endpoint in Huxley's, Brave New World -- Living for this world (serving self), or living for the greater, unseen one (trusting God).  A great matter of faith, and the essence of all decision making."
"I read this book for the first time only recently, and couldn't help but notice the parallel with the movie Gattaca. If you liked that movie, you'll no doubt like this book as well. I appreciate this way this book forces you to examine your relationship with pleasure and mindless entertainment. Do we really, after all, just want to turn our brains off and experience a constant stream of pleasure? Too frequently I find myself not wanting to pick up a certain movie or book because I know I will have to think. And after, all I could always just pop in, say, a Spiderman movie and enjoy not being challenged at all. Ultimately, this book makes me think (Matrix style) if I had a pill that would numb away everything bad about life and give me pleasure, would I take it. Would you?"
"This novel is a biting critique of the over-scientification of the emerging modern world, and in particular a scathing critique of early movements towards behavioral conditioning, as well as towards psychoanalysis, mass production, the use of drugs to affect and modify behavior, as well as mass consumerism, all of which had begun to appear around the turn of the 20th Century.Huxley creates an imaginary ""overly controlled,"" ""overly conditioned"" and ""overly bureaucratized"" utopia, one that was supposed to produce world stability and unattainable and unimaginable individual happiness under a regime of benign tyranny. However, when judged by the results and effects on its inhabitants, the utopia turns out to be just the opposite: an avowed dystopia.Mustapha Mond, one of the characters and a member of the ruling elite had decided that all of art must be sacrificed in order to increase the overall happiness of the society. But in a discussion with an inhabitant who existed on the margins of the managed state, he was surprised to learn that the individual, the character, John Savage, disagreed with him and made the radical claim that in order to be free, and even to maximize happiness, people must be allowed the right to be unhappy as well to be happy.From before birth until they were in the grave, the lives of the inhabitants of Huxley's imaginary London were conditioned so that every aspect of their lives were carefully managed by strict rules and by state administered drugs to create the kind of behavior that best suited the needs of those ruling the state. Even fetuses were treated chemically to produce the kind of intelligence that the ruling bureaucrats had decided were in the best interests of the kind of societal stratifications and chosen roles within society that the ruling elites had decided were necessary.American satire rarely gets better than this and not since George Orwell's Animal Farm and his equally effective, 1984, has a single piece of political fiction sounded as many cautionary alarm bells as this cautionary tale. It has proven amazingly durable and prescient in retrospect.Five Stars."
"The Heritage Press Brave New World is one of their most successful and integrated book designs.Cataloguers sometimes report that it is bound in leather, but the glossy orange-red with black and silver details is actually vinyl. Illustrated with gravures by Mara McAfee, including a little helicopter which is repeated as a design motif, the book has ample margins and is printed in Palatino with Chisel chapter numbers and stick-up initials. In a black slipcase. For me, the total effect is a book that veers far away from the futuristic -- it is something modern yet familiar.Introduction by Ashley Montagu."
"The Heritage Press Brave New World is one of their most successful and integrated book designs.Cataloguers sometimes report that it is bound in leather, but the glossy orange-red with black and silver details is actually vinyl. Illustrated with gravures by Mara McAfee, including a little helicopter which is repeated as a design motif, the book has ample margins and is printed in Palatino with Chisel chapter numbers and stick-up initials. In a black slipcase. For me, the total effect is a book that veers far away from the futuristic -- it is something modern yet familiar.Introduction by Ashley Montagu."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. Published by MobileReference (mobi)The strength of the novel is in its focus on the basic characteristics of humanity, it offers to the reader a glimpse at the future but more than that, it offers a very intricate look at humanity and what it means to be human."
"Brave New World takes place in a utopian London around the year 2540, which started with a good idea, but went way wrong.  Humans are produced in large numbers in a high-tech factory without the filth of viviparous reproduction.  The babies produced are organized into five castes and are conditioned specifically to do their part in maintaining their society.  As the reader progresses farther into the story, they find out what is sacrificed for the stability of the utopian world they occupy, when the reader explores this world through the mind of a man named John, who has not been conditioned to accept this world that suppresses the emotions we value so much today.  John comes from a ""savage"" reservation in New Mexico; where the humans remain that practice our modern day culture.  With advances in science allover the world making our lifestyle obsolete, the ""savage"" lifestyle is repulsive in the eyes of the rest of the brave new world.  See how our blind ignorance can lead to catastrophe.Although an attempt to sum up the novel in only a small amount of words would be in vain, I can offer that this book is a must read for anyone who is capable of thinking beyond ideas provided by way of the text.This was SUCH a great book.  The story Brave New World entertained me more than any other book I have ever read before.  It not only was an incredible plot, with amazing creativity, and imagination, but also has shocking conversation that challenge values accepted in our society today, and challenges the minds of all intellectuals willing to relate to the characters, and attempt to draw parallels between Huxley's story, and the story our culture continues to write, as we advance to where Huxley's world began.To me, a book is worth no more than the thoughts it provokes once I have set it down.  By this standard, I am still not done calculating its genius, because I have not yet finished thinking, or talking about themes from the book."
"PROS: A fascinating view of the future. The predictions are sometimes chillingly accurate. For example, soma, the drug of choice in the novel, is present today in the plethora of feel-good drugs (Prozac, Viagra, etc.) ""A gram is better than a damn,"" the futurists instruct. Similarly, the ""feelies"" are 4D movies (touch included) and are even more engrossing and numbing than today's TV. Just you wait. We're headed there.CONS: The novel's pacing is a bit slow at times.CONCLUSION: This century genetic engineering will finally make it mark on the planet. Read this book to get a feel of what could happen. I recommend it!"
"Brave New World / 0-06-092987-1While ""Brave New World"" may lack the narrative punch of other dystopias such as ""1984"", I cannot help but feel that for sheer prophetic rightness, Huxley hits the nail on the head where others fail. Where Orwell sees an oppressive government that frightens and tortures its populace into submission, Huxley envisions a world where government control is total and yet unnoticed, simply because the population does not care.Why care about your government when there is so much more fun stuff to be doing? There's soma - a happy-pill that counters all sadness, doubt, and anxiety - to take, romances to conduct, entertainment to consume, and so many other more interesting things to think about. And don't we see that today, in the news media (I second the reviewer who mentioned Postman's wonderful ""Amusing Ourselves to Death""), with reports that are more focused on entertainment than on the dissemination of information.Huxley's insightful book is an individual wake-up call to us all - a reminder never to become so complacent that we simply stop caring about the greater world around us.~ Ana Mardoll"
"I purchased Brave New World after reading 1984, and while I must confess that I enjoyed Orwell's book just a little bit more, Huxley's work was still an immediately compelling read. I think what I liked best was just how ""british"" this future was, by which I mean, everything seemed so very posh and hip and how we Americans would tend to see the British, as opposed to (sorry to keep drawing comparisons) 1984, whose depictions of England were much more how they might be viewed by say, South Africa.Another thing I liked about the story was that I didn't particularly care for any of the characters that much. I actually enjoyed the disappointment of having each character let me down just when I thought their basic goodness would shine through. Initial protagonist Bernard Marx is far from the jaded idealist that one wants to believe he is, instead vying for vapid acceptance in the shallow society that he is ostracized from; Lenina Crowne does not become enlightened to Marx or the Savage's ways of living and remains blissfully baffled by each of them, and wistfully goes on enjoying the meaningless sex and soma holidays; even John the Savage becomes unrelatable, turning into something of a zealous monk who becomes so averse to any feelings of personal satisfaction that he... well, read the book.I thoroughly enjoyed Brave New World and will in all likelihood pick up Brave New World Revisited in the near future."
An excellent book with an excellent plot and perfect examples of external and internal conflicts among the characters and the society in which the characters live in.
"The beginning is like swimming up current; the reader has to kind of force his/her way into the story, which is made hard by the boring torrents of Huxley's writing style and I often found myself wishing I'd be lodged under a rock to drown in the river that is this book, to just die there and be free from the thoughts that spill into these pages. But, I make it a point to always finish a book, and surprisingly, at times I found myself captivated in the story. The first few chapters make this book hard to get into, but, on the bright side, it picks up a little and there are some beautifully written descriptions that erase my regret for ever picking up this book. However, if you are impatient or easily bored, you won't make it far. If you want a story that'll captivate you from the first page, don't even bother with this book. Try ""The Alchemist."""
"Huxley takes science fiction and satire to a new level with his novel, Brave New World.  Brave New World provides an anti-utopian perspective taken place in the future in which technology, totalitarianism, and control rule.  The story begins in a factory in which embryos are being genetically made.  In this scene the Director show how people are conditioned and placed into classes and also forced to be subjected to meaningless sex.  Unfortunate for them!!!!!.  As the book continues Bernard Marx, Carl Marx, is later introduced as an unfit member of his social caste and till John is introduced he is our main character.  He is later joined with Helmholtz, who is his best friend.  Both have distinct discontent of the World State.  Bernard's character begins to unfold in his love stricken attitude towards Lenina, which offers a sense of disfunctionality in a society in which love is not to be shown and we finally get a sense of emotion.  While his love and lust for Lenina continues her character begins to spread as they travel to the savage world, New Mexico.  In the Savage World they meet John, the main character.  John reveals an incriminating secrete that forces the Director to resign.  Furthermore, john leaves the wild to come to civilization with Bernard and Lenina.  John begins to fall for Lenina and displays true affection towards her, but she only wants to have sex with him.  In his stay in the city he becomes a show and tell by Bernard.  Bernard becomes very famous and popular through his relationship with John.  John and Bernard fall out and feud.  While in civilization he has many altercations with angry mobs over soma, a drug that everyone takes when feeling depressed or overwhelmed.  Unable to handle all the horrid actions of a World State, John runs away to a secluded island.  He begins to reconcile with his actions in the world until citizens finally recognize him and force him to recount his stay in the World State.  Overcome with disgust he commits suicide.  Thorugh all the accounts of the main characters, Huxley proves that totalitarianism is an unsuccessful form of government by using satire, technology, and drugs."
"This book sent shivers up and down my spine. Although it was written decades ago, Brave New World is still relevant to today's society. A world where human beings are 'decanted' and then go on to live plasure-driven, drug-induced lives is not totally unfathomable. Particularly creepy ideas were the sleep-teaching and mass-conditioning at the Hatchery. The Bokanovsky groups (identical twins numbering in the dozens that man entire factories) were also unsettling. Come to think of it, almost everything Huxley invents in this book is creepy.My favorite part was the Alpha-Beta-Gamma-Delta-Epsilon social hiearchy. The continuous use of the word 'beastly' added a touch of humor. I did feel sorry for Bernard at times... in the beginning, that is."
My son is in High School.  This is a required reading book for honors English. He suffers from Dyslexia so he is allowed to listen to the books.  Having classics like Brave New World available on CD help him to be able to complete assignments.  This CD is read by Michael York.  Having the familiar voice of an actor we know makes the listening easier. The story is brought to life.
"I was shocked to read Brave New World and see so many similarities in the same World I am living today. Published in the mid 20th Century, the visionary author Aldous Huxley pours into his creation a desperate cry to society on where our World is headed. Everyone always says, ""Things were much better when I was young,"" and this book may make you feel that.Simple to read and understand, this is a MUST READ book."
"From what i saw of the other reviews this novel is heavily compared to 1984... well i must say i absolutely HATED 1984 so for those people who hated 1984 also, this review of this book is for you!  Brave New World is a lot like 1984 both are about controlled societies and both have characters that insist on going against the rules.  1984 was a horrible book, but Brave New World wasn't soo bad.  It was an intersting read.  The first 8 chapters kind of stink, but once you get past them it's not too bad .. yea i know that's a lot to get past!.. the book isn't tooooo bad but it's still far from great!  I know there is some great message that your supposed to get out of this book, but i didn't really get it!  It was an ok book .. better than 1984 but still don't read it if you don't absolutely have to like i did!"
"Two of my favorite books are 1984 and Animal Farm, both by George Orwell.  I try to read both at least once every couple of years.  An Amazon customer review for 1984 recommended Brave New World as a book that might appeal to fans of George Orwell, so I bought a copy and read it.  It was somewhat of a disappointment.The Afterword in my copy of Brave New World mentions that one contemporary critic in 1932 when the book was first published considered it Huxley's idea of a ""thin little joke"" stretched into a novel.  After reading the book myself I'm inclined to agree with that.  Where 1984 is filled with intrigue and rings a profound warning about the oppressive nature of totalitarianism, (and how very appropriate that was in 1948), Brave New World is simply a thin little fantasy about a future society where human reproduction is clinically reproduced, and human individuality, religion and families have been banned for the sake of peace, happiness, free love and free recreational drugs.  An interesting idea perhaps in the hands of a better writer, but Huxley doesn't do much with it.  His characters are neither interesting nor humorous and the narrative is much too thin, saved only by a few segments of crisp dialog in the second half of the book.The conflict is between the primitive John Savage and modern London society, to where Savage is taken from a New Mexico Indian reservation that is still steeped in ancient tradition.  ""The Savage"" as he is called behaves very oddly, rejecting the philosophy of the Brave New World.  The idea here, I surmise, is that life is a struggle and it is that very struggle that makes it worth living.  This is the underlying message in Huxley's book, and one cannot argue that there is a lot of truth in it.  But where Orwell was warning about the clear and present danger of Communism, I'm not sure to whom Huxley was addressing his warning, nor what it was they were supposed to be warned about, especially in the year 1932.1984 will long remain a classic in the canon of political literature but Brave New World is not in the same league.  It's a curiosity piece, nothing more."
"It seems that many people like to compare this with Orwell's 1984.  True, they are both looks into the future and see problems that lie ahead, but I think the Huxley is more on the mark considering the way things are progressing.The basic point of the book is to examine the loss of individuality and personal expression in order to attain utopia.  Huxley seems to want such a utopia, but clearly recognized that it would require the loss of personality.This book seems applicable still today.  Some brief examples of how we are marching slowly towards Huxley's BNW: We in the information age have become more ignorant than ever.  Critical thought is slipping away from us.  The pharmaceutical industry is booming and the masses want the drugs to do even more, whether it be to calm a 6 year old boy so he'll sit in class or it be to make someone feel better.  We accept drug use more and more with few, if any, questions.  Soma might seem like a leap from where we are today, but we should heed the warning signs Huxley presents.  And the abundant sex in the book isn't really that different from what Hollywood advertises every day.  We are closer to a full free sex perspective like in Huxley's book than most people are willing to admit.  In many ways, our society is very individualistic, but as we become more divided idealistically and politically, we can expect to see more of Huxley's utopian uniformity at the expense of individual thought and opinion.Overall, it is a good read.  In some places, it may be slow in regards to action, but it is constantly thought evoking. Character development is good.  You really associate with certain characters and share in their struggles.Let this book challenge your presumptions about our society.  It will be a valuable exercise.  Then go forth in life and every time someone disagrees with your perspective, smile and enjoy the non-utopia you've been so blessed to live within."
"Brave New World is not nearly as good as Nineteen Eighty-Four, but I still liked it a lot. I think the message of the story goes back to what Freud said (from what I understand by reading Civilization and its Discontents, although I'm no expert): humans are the enemy of society and civilization.  The fututristic government portrayed in the book recognizes this and seeks to end this threat by killing all instict and individuality.  It's pretty interesting and I liked it a lot. The end is really sad because it shows that there will always be certain people who cannot fit in to society and will always be different, and therefore ostracized."
"After people have told me to read this novel several times, I decided to pick it up at the library.  The first few pages intrigued me and as the novel progressed I became bored.  I absolutely began to become disappointed in the praise that others have offered for it.  I quit reading the book 3/4ths of the way through, returning it to the library shelves where it belongs as eye candy for the people who want to say they read it when they haven't.  I read it, hated it, returned it.  Good use of language but redundant in its explanations.Sorry to all you Huxley fans but I wasn't impressed."
Unlike some authors I could mention Albous Huxley at least sets his futureistic novel in THE ACTUAL FUTURE not the mid eighties (20 years ago).  I like this book because it shows a time when its the future and everyone is happy all the time and technology is advanced.There is also a good message here that no matter how good things get there will always be some negative nellies who are never satisfied.  SO TRUE!I could do without so much drugs and sex in a book but I guess you gotta put that in there if you want to sell a million copies.  Next time try haveing dinosaurs instead.  It has worked before for some authors!FIVE stars for the idea minus ONE star for the sex minus ONE star for no dinosaurs.  That means THREE STARS (pretty good)!
This is a great book to read.  Think about a government having so much control.  There is a great deal about sex in here so if you are easily offended by moral issues this might not be for you.  If you want to think about issues and be intelectually stimulated this is a good one.  It would be good to think about current events with this one.  You really should read Orwells 1984 after this or before.  They are both great books and go well with our current heavily controling government.  It makes me wonder how these authors were so ahead of their times.
"My high school AP English teacher's favorite phrase was: ""Good literature entertains.  Great literature disturbs.""  This is surely the case with Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World,"" especially today.  Even though it is many decades after this book was written, some of the forecasted changes in society have chillingly been fulfilled.  In addition to serving as a warning against the dangers of submitting to authority, the book contains many interesting and thought-provoking ideas about freedom and the nature of the individual.  I, like the Savage, was especially disturbed by the caste system of Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons and the unnatural similarities of the Bokanovsky Groups."
"If you haven't read Brave New World, make the time to read it - Huxley was prophetic in his proclamation that man would enslave himself to his own desires.  While Orwell thought that Big Brother would rule the day, Huxley wrote about a society that conditions itself by removing morality and replacing it with the pursuit of happiness...at all costs.While written in 1932 and set in the future, much of the book continues to be futuristic and fantastical.  But, unfortunately, some of the book hits way to close to reality.  The conditioning for death rings a familiar tune as we watch the debate over dying with dignity in the media.  One of the most disturbing aspects is the lose of the identity of the family - the role of the mother and the father in maintaining a stable and vibrant society - with the debate over same-sex marriage and the scientific advancements in embryo fertilization, the idea of family teeters on the edge of extinction.Brave New World is between a 6 and a 7 on a scale of 1-10 for difficulty - the difficulty comes from Huxley's attention to detail in creating his futuristic society complete with unfamiliar words and concepts.  I read the HarperPerennial edition of this literary classic which comes in one page shy of 200 and retails for $16.00 - and this edition includes Huxley's Brave New World Revisited section, which is also worth the read."
"A great book about how authoritarianism can be used to control by making people happy; contrasting 1984's way of power and secret police.Tells story of those who live in society, and then brings an outsider in and shows how he feels of the new society of pleasure, and lust, where everyone is everyone's.Aldous Huxley seems to predict the future at times in this book, showing how we are currently controlled, our ""soma"" being materialism.further suggested reading: 1984"
"""Brave New World"" is a classic that is often limited to the belief that our present society is slipping or has slipped into this futuristic world.Huxley made a major error in presuming that mankind can ever agree enough on any one thing to form a new world order. Democrats and Republicans disagree on whether the sun rises in the east or the west. The expectation that nations would surrender their sovereignty is unrealistic.The only possibility of a new world order is an even more frightening...a ""brave new world order of Islam"" without the benefit of science."
"""The world that incubated the thought of Aldous Huxely during his writing of Brave New World was not so very different from our own. The fact that at the time there was much uncertainty of the coming dangers the future would face fostered Huxley's inspiring assessment. The western world sat on the brink of chaos that the aggressors of WWII would soon bring. As we live in a time of similar uncertainty and the world returns to entropy, Brave New World is no less poignant in the lessons it seeks to explain.Brave New World is an excellent book, particularly considering its age. The storyline delves into the bizarre and outright absurd, but when you consider how absurd our world would seem to societies 100 years ago, perhaps its not that far off.There is no doubt Huxley hit the nail on the head with some of his analysis and who can say what the distant future still holds in store for us. Modern authors, like Benjamin Barber, use examples from works like Brave New World to demonstrate the downfall of modern society.Huxely was prescient in his ideas about social sedation and that is revealed in the fact that drugs, one even called Soma, are so prevalent in keeping people happy today.Uniquely brilliant and an overall great story that inspires though, and there's no harm in that.REVIEW EVERY BOOK YOU READ, AUTHORS DESERVE YOUR OPINIONS."""
"Imagine a society with absolutely no pain or suffering, no heartache, and no possibility of wanting something you cannot have.  This is world which Aldous Huxley creates in his novel Brave New World, a horrifying dystopian, fictional community.  Written in 1932, Huxley paints a picture of an ""ideal"" society in which all of the people are perfectly content, everyone is satisfied with their positions, and no one ever desires something unattainable.  Though apparently idyllic, Huxley, in fact, presents the frightening truth, for these citizens are constrained and confined by their own perfection.  Each person is genetically engineered and pharmaceutically anesthetized to produce the perfect addition to the society; any individualism or radical thoughts are utterly shunned and forbidden.  Through Huxley's use of strong characters, each with a separate identity, and the vivid portrayal of the evils of a highly advanced society, he successfully creates a novel still relevant today as a warning for future - and our - generations. Each character of the novel plays a separate, essential role in thoroughly depicting the horrors of the dystopian society.  Although each character, I feel, has a strong personal identity, few people of the novel have close relationships, which may be attributed to misery of the society, for few strong bonds can be formed.  True passion does not exist, after all, for a place with no real pain has no real happiness.  Huxley depicts the detachment between people as a ""norm"" - it is considered ridiculous, absurd, and even shameful to desire simply one person.  Lenina's singular affections for Henry Foster cause her ""sensible"" friend Fanny to rebuke her: ""It's such horribly bad form to go on and on like this with one man"" (41), thus making Lenina branch out and see other men, such as Bernard Marx.  When Bernard takes Lenina on a holiday vacation to a Reservation in New Mexico to see the ""Savages,"" she represents the ideal member of the society by dismissing the acts of the Indians as grotesque and terrifying and viewing such normality as aging and diseases as sickening.  Lenina's complete conditioning and lack of desire for anything more than her ""perfect"" society shows the horrifyingly ubiquitous control of the seeming utopia.  Lenina's character makes the reader realize with a jolt that once one is sucked into the society, there is hardly and chance left to want anything more.  Bernard Marx's character, the initial subversive voice in the novel, is unhappy despite his high-caste status.  His desire for a more intimate relationship with Lenina portrays that something other than what the society has conditioned is still possible.  Finally, John the Savage is an insurgent character in the society, demanding the ""right to be unhappy"" (240).  John realizes that in the attempt to be rid of all unpleasant actions and feelings, the society was also rid of true pleasure, passion, and love.  John alone desperately craves a marriage to Lenina, knowledge through reading, and yearns for true feelings, but realizes that these things are nowhere to be found in the society.  He states, ""You got rid of them. Yes, that's just like you. Getting rid of everything unpleasant instead of learning to put up with it"" (238).  However, John and Helmholtz Watson immediately strike a close friendship, possibly owing to the fact that they both possess dissident opinions and are dissatisfied with the society.  Overall, through the development of various critical characters and their lack of strong personal relationships, Huxley depicts the evils of the society. Huxley explores the evils of the society as presented by loss of freedom and lack of individual responsibility as seen throughout the plot.  Many carnal pleasures are offered to people, such as soma, a drug used to calm any tension or sadness, and the ""feelies,"" a type of movie in which people participate in the sensual acts.  People such as Lenina use soma as a means of preventing any pain or unpleasant emotion, thereby becoming extremely dependent upon the happiness and ""mini-vacation"" it provides from everyday trials and tribulations.  Through distribution of this drug, the government maintains control over the people.  Stability in the society is the ultimate goal and is achieved rather successfully through control over such drugs, conditioning, and the threat of expulsion to a remote land such as Iceland.  Each person is conditioned to their status, ranging from Alpha Plus, the highest caste, to Epsilon, the lowest.  People know nothing more than their own caste, and therefore desire nothing else.  Bernard, though dissatisfied with his position as an Alpha, is often kept in check by risk of being sent to Iceland.  There is no freedom or responsibility to be found in the society; no one challenges the caste, for they genuinely believe they are working together for a common goal.  After all, ""everyone works for everyone else"" (74). When Huxley wrote this novel, he did not expect to see anything similar actually occur for hundreds of years; however, the effects of the dystopian society are becoming terrifyingly clear in today's world.  More common than ever is pre-marital sex and less personal bonds as people rely on communication technology such as the internet and cell phones to sustain relationships.  In addition, people are becoming less and less tolerable of withstanding unpleasantness and desire instant gratification, precisely what Huxley warned against.  Perhaps we should take greater note of Huxley's message and heed his caveat before virtuosity becomes possible through three half-gram tablets.By: Priya"
"This early Twentieth Century classic is my favorite among Huxley's works; It is set in a near future when families and parents are a thing of the past; all human reproduction is done by cloning and 'decanting', and children are taught by 'hypnopaedia', sleep-teaching. They're not only physically molded before birth via various and sundry means - like reducing the air-supply of a foetus to insure a smaller person who will fit among the lower classes -, but their careers are chosen in advance too, and they are given the proper number of hours of in-sleep suggestion for each profession and social status they are to live with. Since families and parenthood are dirty words in Huxley's future world, people are encouraged to have flitting and frequent encounters with the other sex, and kids are taught to do it from a very early age. 'Everyone belongs to everyone', they are conditioned to repeat. To hammer the point of conformity home, everybody is given their daily dose of soma, the perfect drug, created to keep them all happy and socially integrated. Among this sea of conformity, there is one man called Bernard Max who seems to be different, and we are taken with him in a journey of self-discovery. I would encourage all to read this alongside Orwell's ""1984"" and Yevgeny Zamyatin's ""We"" to compare the most famous dystopian novels of the Twentieth Century. Overall, a great read, and highly recommended."
"Brave New World is great not so much for the story itself but that the cat was let out of the bag in this book. Huxley came from an aristocratic English family, he hobknobbed with the intellectual elite, his Brother Julian was the first director of the new world order creation UNESCO.  Make no mistake about it Huxley was in the know with what the world elites had planned in store for the masses because he rubbed elbows with them.So much of this stuff, while not quite the extreme thats in the book, has come to pass. Test tube babies being grown in labratories, intentional dumbing of the masses, destroying the family unit, sexualizing children, making having multiple sexual partners socially acceptable, taking drugs to make yourself happy, creating a new religion out of mindless conformity, even the ""10 World Controllers"" in Brave New World are awfully similar to the ten oligarchical banking and business families (Rothschilds, Rockefellers, etc) that rule the world now.So yeah I think Huxley was letting the cat out of the bag here. The same way Orwell did, except Orwell was exposing the terror and fear side of the coin which the new world order also employs. Orwell showed how they control you with torture, terror and violence if you don't go along with the program. Huxley showed how they control you and turn you into a Pavlovian dog with Prozac, porn and various petty distractions."
Huxley really blew me away with this book...sheer genius material right here.
"Because Brave New World and 1984 both tread on similar ground, comparisons are inevitable.  The novels are very different in tone though, reflecting the period in which they were written.  Orwell's cold war era novel presents a world that is bleak and brutal and heavily influenced by events in Soviet Russia. Orwell wanted 1984 to be a realistic portrayal of what the world would be like under a totalitarian regime.Brave New World was written in 1931, before the world became aware of Stalin's atrocities, before the rise of Hitler, and before WW II, and as a result it is hopelessly naive compared to cold war era novels, like 1984.Some reviews would have you believe that Huxley has predicted the future with startling accuracy - but this is just ridiculous.  Anyone can read any novel set in the future and find at least some part of it reminiscent of the way things are today.  It's not much different than reading your horoscope and convincing yourself that it was written just for you.  The world Huxley presents in Brave New World bares only a superficial resemblance to present day (or any likely future).But I don't actually think Huxley was trying to predict the future.  He wanted to say something about Britain's rigid class structure, about the materialistic nature of society, and about what it means to be happy.  He set his novel in the future so he could exaggerate aspects of society as a form of social commentary.  Brave New World is satire.  It was never meant to be realistic.Novels like Brave New World and 1984 spend a considerable amount of time explaining the way things are in the imagined future.  This can be interesting, but it's no substitute for a story.  Brave New World, unfortunately, lacks a strong narrative flow.  Our protagonist isn't even introduced until half way through the novel.Brave New World isn't terrible but the lack of a clear voice and the absence of even one likeable character made it difficult for me to feel engaged.  John, the savage rebel is so earnest and idealistic and has such a pathetically romanticized view of the world that I didn't find him particularly interesting.  The ending of the novel was inevitable, given the character's obsession with the tragedies of William Shakespeare.  I suppose we are meant to be moved by the events in the final few pages - but I wasn't.  This is the biggest problem with the novel.  Huxley may give us a vision of the future that is intriguing, but he doesn't deliver a story that engages us or give us a character we can care about.Brave New World is worth reading as a curiosity but despite its potential, Huxley's novel fails to deliver on its promise."
"While it will be difficult to write anything new or original about the impressions this book leaves, I feel I must try. I just read Brave New World for the first time after it had been highly recommended to me by many people. I've always been fascinated by stories of dystopian societies quite frankly couldn't figure out why I'd never read it. Well, now I have.The first thing I have to say is that I think this is one of those books people love to love. Not because it's particularly good but because they think it makes them sound intelligent and it's a classic. Don't get me wrong. I went into this with a great attitude. I love books like this. During the first several chapters, where we are introduced to this strange futuristic world where people are ""decanted"" instead of born and ""everyone belongs to everyone else"" as opposed to marrying and having families, I was highly entertained. In my opinion, these chapters were the best out of the whole book. Like many others have said, after such an intriguing beginning I was waiting on the edge of my seat for something to happen, anything at all... but nothing ever did. Granted, the culture shock situation Lenina and Bernard experience at the Reservation is a globally shared phenomenon and one that is relevant to everybody. The same can be said of John Savage's experiences when he visits the ""civilized"" world. The frustration, caused by irreconcilable misunderstandings and felt by characters on both ends of the situation, was for me both profound and cautionary... for about five minutes. Beyond that I felt completely dissatisfied.My major problems stemmed from two main sources: Unanswered questions and the utter lack of probability of events described in the book. Firstly, the unanswered questions. To me, some of the things discussed were so deliciously controversial they practically screamed to be explored further. For example, I get the whole ""Our Ford""/assembly line reference but I was begging... pleading for some sort of expansion on that topic. Who is this Ford deity? Where did he/it come from and why and when? What earth shattering paradigm shift occurred to change Our Lord into Our Ford and what caused it? My god, I was going out of my mind with these questions, flipping pages like a madwoman to get to the answer, and then discovered there were no answers to be had. Along those lines, why is this a scientifically-driven, technologically-advanced society with no scientists? What happened to change the way people are, well, born (for lack of a better word)? Was it a war? A plague? A world-wide coup? It feels like Huxley just plops all of these dynamic impossibilities down in front of us, expecting us to swallow them without question so that he can get on with the story, and then fails to produce a decent plot.Secondly, the plausibility question. As far as I'm concerned, the whole thrill of reading a dystopia novel lies in the whole, ""wow, this could actually happen"" factor, which Brave New World sorely lacks. The commentary on the direction in which society is headed is a major thing for me when it comes to books of this genre. All I can think to say is that this book makes a better science fiction read than a book about our grim future. I'm sorry but unless the entire global population has a lobotomy... This. Would. Never. Happen. A fact that disqualifies Brave New World from dystopia status altogether in my mind, but then again I'm not in charge of the literary canon.I guess all that's left is what I like to call the ""scary prophecy factor"" and which is a necessary motif of all dystopia novels. When writing this book Huxley hit many a nail on the head as far as ongoing relevance to social problems. The brave new world's utter dependence on soma can easily be compared to our current culture's love affair with mood-altering, mind-altering prescription medication such as Prozac. However, if you want an even better, more sophisticated statement on the evils of an over-medicated society, watch the movie Equilibrium. If you want to explore the theme of censorship, one which is touched on throughout Brave New World but most heavily during the end, and which continues to be a pressing matter in today's world, read Fahrenheit 451 (or watch Equilibrium). Then there is the all-consuming dictatorship that controls the denizens of this strange civilization. To me, this theme is yet another in a long line of shabby pearls Huxley could have polished up real nice had he wanted to, but chose to stick to the ""plot"" instead. If you want to see really scary dictatorships watch V for Vendetta or read 1984. As for the genetic engineering thing, this is a scary prophesy that went a little too far in my opinion. While there is no way Huxley could have known what possibilities lie in genetic engineering, cloning, etc., when the book was written, the fact that this indeed has come to pass makes for a rather impressive topic in Brave New World. And yet... how far Huxley actually takes this theme is for me what causes the book to meander into pure, unadulterated science fiction. If you want to read a believable dystopia novel about genetic engineering-gone-awry read Oryx and Crake by Margaret Atwood. Now the sexual promiscuity theme is one that really impressed me, one that I believe to be almost totally original to Brave New World and one that has become an issue in today's society but was not so much when Huxley wrote this novel. To my knowledge sexual promiscuity has not been addressed in the same way in any existing dystopia books or movies as yet, although both The Handmaid's Tale and the movie Children of Men address the dilemma of women who don't have babies... in a completely unrelated way.People really, really like to compare Brave New World to 1984, sometimes even to Fahrenheit 451, for various reasons I'm sure. But to me, in my head, I was comparing it to Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale the whole time and unfortunately it fell far short. If you want to read a book that makes believable as well as hauntingly prophetic statements about what our possible terrible future could look like, read Handmaid. It's longer and more complex, but the payoff is that much greater. And did I mention it's actually believable?"
"Brave New World takes the reader into a world were science and the economy takes over everyone's life.  What would life be if everything was decided for you before you were born?  What if your emotions didn't matter?  Would life change if there was no families, mothers, and fathers?One would think that life would be easier if one was always happy but at the risk of not knowing the truth.  John, a ""savage,"" comes to the ""brave new world"" World State.  At first he thinks it is amazing but when he realizes that everything goes against his values on marriage, family, and love; he tries to revolt.Brave New World was an excellent book.  It makes you think about the world today and is it really possible for the world to change like that.  Would life really be easy if the only things to worry about were being happy, and working because you were conditioned to love your job?  Would you be willing to give up art, science, emotions, and everything that makes up humanity in order to be happy?Vanessa B"
"Brave New World, where do I begin. I'd have to agree with what a friend of mine said about this book. It should not be read in high school. I think that it's point would be missed. At face value, it's a fascinating read. Huxley's world is so upsettingly vivid that it lures the reader in and makes one turn pages continuously. What's even more fascinating is the social commentary beneath the outward appearance of the novel. And I think that would be missed among adolescents.Brave New World is the story of a world that has come to be after the ""nine years war."" In this world, individuality is no longer welcomed. Humans are no longer born in the traditional sense of the world. They are grown. Mankind has been reduced down to genetic manipulation and is created on an assembly line. Mankind comes in various ranks. There are the best of the best, golden and chiseled, and there are the worst of the worst, the fetuses who are injected with alcohol while they are growing. Whether the best or the worst, each person serves a very specific function to the new society.There are so many disturbing aspects of this book. Mother is a word that causes people to blush since there are no mothers anymore. Love is disgusting and unfathomable yet sex is encouraged even as children during ""erotic play"" time. Contraceptives are carried around on a belt worn by women. Relationships do not exist beyond sex. People are discouraged from ever being alone (after all, one may have time to think). And if one ever gets unhappy, all you do is take a soma, a hallucinogen that makes everything o.k. God does not exist.God has become nothing but a myth that society mocks and laugh at. God has become replaced with the term ""Ford"". I must say that Huxley had excellent insight into what the invention of an automobile could lead to. The book is filled with ""Oh Ford!"", ""The year of our Ford"", and ""his Fordship."" I can't help but think of the first commandment and the story from the bible of the golden calf. ""You shall not worship false idols."" Huxley has given us the extreme of worshipping false idols and shows societies tendency to replace God with material possessions. The soul of a human has been replaced with chemicals, ""groupthink"", genetic engineering, and false happiness. What we are left with is an empty shell; a robot that looks like a human. Sex exists to make people happy, not to reproduce. If reproduction occurs, there are whole buildings dedicated to abortion. Motherhood is not welcomed in this brave new world. And what a brave world it is to make so many assumptions.Huxley has created a masterpiece that was relevant from the day it was published and will always remain relevant. It is a telling example of what the loss of spirituality can do and of the necessity of so many emotions that we perceive as negative.This book was read for the banned books challenge. It's ashame that people ban books such as these. Yes it's disturbing, but it's message is one that should be heard by all. It warns of the dangers of banning books that make one think. It shows the power of the human mind that actually is able to think out of the box. It opens one's eyes to the dangers of being just like everyone else. It's a book that should be required reading, but maybe not in highschool. Save this one for the college years.I loved the cover to this edition. It drew my eye right away. Greg Kulick did the cover design and illustration. It's the Harper Perennial Modern Classics edition and it is packed with extras in the back. I recommend this one!"
"Brave new world if one of those books that leave you thinking... what if your social status had been previously decided? What if you didn't have parents or children? What if marriage was a dirty word? This is a story about a society where everything has been planned for the common good. A place where human beings are bred to meet production requirements and divided into social casts. It is a happy world where everyone belongs to everyone else. In case you feel bad, you always have ""soma"", the government sponsored drug that will make you forget reality.But even such a ""perfect"" environment has room for chaos at the ""savage reservations"". Those are places where men and women live in the wilderness, where they still have children and marry. Where they strive to survive, fight and kill. Where they are free..."
"Sobering. What was merely creepy 25 years ago in high school now has the frightening force of reality behind it--Huxley's prophecy is coming true. Though most everyone is familiar with the basics of the story, there was a wealth of detail that had escaped my first reading. When the pain is taken away, society becomes a giant feedback loop--seeking nothing but sensation.Huxley's Brave New World portrays a society devoid of pain and purpose--he argues that his creation is the inevitable result of science untempered by morality. He hints that the exigency that led to the Brave New World was war and one cannot think of a more likely scenario. This is science-fiction that has utterly transcended its genre because of the clarity and accuracy of its vision that an uncontrolled science would lead to tampering with life itself. Birth control, the abandonment of ""traditional"" morality, recreational drugs without side effects, and genetic engineering were all foreseen by this book from 1932.The utter triumph of the society is manifested in the fact that there is neither desire to escape nor ability to challenge the status quo.  It is interesting to note that though genetic tampering is currently rather benign--we select for good looks, intelligence and hope to create a genome free from annoying defects like proclivity to cancer and other diseases--Huxley argues that you can't make a civilization of alphas thereby affording a justification for the purposeful impairment of the majority of the population. The problem with Huxley's alphas is that they are intelligent enough to overcome conditioning; they have to buy into the system because they are smart enough to know otherwise. If they don't, society banishes them to an island--which, in reality, is a prize bestowed only on those who can appreciate or desire freedom.  For example, though well-aware that the society he ""controls"" has sacrificed art, science and progress, Mustapha Mond decides not to go to the island but instead adopts the idea that the highest goal of mankind is freedom from pain, obligation and choices.And, presciently, that is the promise of every modern politician that has any success--they wish to bring us a world free from pain and labor, to save us from ourselves. The world is losing an appreciation for the value of pain, the satisfaction of labor and the value of choices. Huxley saw it coming in 1932 and the conclusion that the world is heading down that path becomes inescapable with only the slightest reference to contemporary events."
"Sobering.  What was merely creepy 25 years ago in high school now has the frightening force of reality behind it--Huxley's prophecy is coming true.  Though most everyone is familiar with the basics of the story, there was a wealth of detail that had escaped my first reading.  When the pain is taken away, society becomes a giant feedback loop--seeking nothing but sensation.Huxley's Brave New World portrays a society devoid of pain and purpose--he argues that his creation is the inevitable result of science untempered by morality.  He hints that the exigency that led to the Brave New World was war and one cannot think of a more likely scenario.  This is science-fiction that has utterly transcended its genre because of the clarity and accuracy of its vision that an uncontrolled science would lead to tampering with life itself.  Birth control, the abandonment of ""traditional"" morality, recreational drugs without side effects, and genetic engineering were all foreseen by this book from 1932.It is interesting to note that genetic tampering is currently rather benign--we select for good looks, intelligence and hope to create a genome free from annoying defects like proclivity to cancer and other diseases.  Yet through his character Mustapha Mond, Huxley argues that you can't make a civilization of alphas thereby affording a justification for the purposeful impairment of the majority of the population.  Huxley's alphas have to buy into the system because they are smart enough to know otherwise.  If they don't, society banishes them to an island--which, in reality, is a prize bestowed only on the true thinkers. The utter triumph of the society is manifested in the fact that there is no escape.  Though well-aware of the sacrifices attendant to the world order, Mustapha Mond accepts his role based upon the idea that the highest goal of mankind is freedom from pain, obligation and choices.And, presciently, that is the promise of every politician.  The world is losing an appreciation for the value of pain, the satisfaction of labor and the value of choices.  Huxley saw it coming in 1932 and the conclusion that the world is heading down that path becomes inescapable with only the slightest reference to contemporary events.P.S.  This ""P.S."" edition provides several excellent documents after the text of the novel such as a letter from Huxley to Orwell and a contemporary analysis of the work.  The editors chose for maximum effect those documents that highlight the importance of the work in our culture.  I am going to seek out more of these editions."
"It's really scary to think Aldous Huxley wrote about a fictional world in the early-1930s that was considered really far out when this book was first published, but that is quickly becoming reality everyday. He expressed surprise in a later edition of this book at how quickly that fictional world was materializing during his own lifetime. If only he stuck around a while longer (although physically impossible), he would have seen that world fully materialize even quicker than he could have ever imagined.I was really freaked out the more I got into the book. Much emphasis is placed on the ""Community, Identity, Stability"" motto (that was mentioned less than a handful of times in the book), as well as the over-dependence on drugs (soma) to make everything all right, but not enough emphasis is placed on the sexual promiscuity that permeated the fictional, futuristic London (hey, I love sex just like the next person, but not with everyone I look at!).  Also, not enough attention is paid to the fact that ""feelies"" (movies where the audience gets a first-hand experience into the ""action"" experienced by the characters), along with the soma, and everything else in this future society were all designed to take peoples' minds off the fact that they were being controlled. Is that not how it is nowadays?Instead of feelies, we have Internet porn, E! (a 24 hour cable channel devoted to celebrity gossip), completely mindless, brain-numbing ""reality"" shows, the idiot box in general, and an American philosophy of having to ""keep up with the Joneses"" (as the saying goes) - choosing to live a lifetime of debt in order to have the biggest and most current of everything. It leaves little time to worry about the more important things in life such as how your government is wasting your money everyday, the incompetence of your government as a whole, how your votes really don't count (unless you vote for the candidate the machine favors), etc. Then again, anything political has always been considered ""boring"" (just like in the ""Brave New World"").This is not to say this is everyone, but I find that too many people today regard books with disdain like the people in Huxley's fictional world (especially younger people, who actually proclaim that ""reading sucks"") - using the same reasoning Mustapha Mond did as to why books are useless. And let's see a show of hands (or, in this case, posts) as to how many people would rather buy a brand new shirt or pair of pants rather than try to repair that rip or sew a button? (And I have been guilty of that in the past).The thing that shocked me the most was the popular mindset (brainwashing) in the ""Brave New World"" that being alone is equal to being a weirdo. I'm seeing more and more of that ""reasoning"" in the mass media nowadays. If someone is a ""loner,"" something is automatically ""wrong"" with them (I went through the same thing during my school days in the 80s and 90s). If someone's shy they're ""stuck up,"" being aloof is always cause for alarm, and don't even think about wearing a trench coat!In the ""Brave New World,"" being together with people all the time takes your mind off of all potential problems. Any problems that do come up are to be avoided with a healthy dose of soma and, better yet, with a soma vacation. And, in the end, only certain people can perform certain tasks in life.I liked the way Huxley didn't tie things up in the end. It's a shame the ""Savage"" was continually tortured by the hip and happening populace of London up until the very end. The Savage could be anyone who doesn't subscribe to the popular mindset, someone who dares goes against the grain and doesn't back down.It can't be stressed enough that Huxley was a prophet. ""Brave New World,"" whether people like this or not, *is* the America of 2007. We have the power to reverse that trend, but people (except a few) just don't seem to want to.Along with George Orwell's ""1984"" and Ray Bradbury's ""Fahrenheit 451,"" this is an excellent trilogy of a blissfully ignorant future that is fast becoming reality. - Donna Di Giacomo"
"I'm tired of reading classic books that aren't so classic anymore.  So, that's where I'm coming from.BRAVE NEW WORLD is worth it.  Not in the straight narrative 'fun fiction' way, but, if you're an English buff searching through Classics, it's better than like, SILAS MARINER, or TALE OF TWO CITIES.  If you're a girl, it's not as good as the Brontes.  If you're a guy, it's not as good as say... COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO, but, you can kinda only read MONTE CRISTO once.  B.N.W. you can go back to (or, you can go to BNW REVISITED).Anyway, the modern movie parallels would be GATTICA and THE ISLAND. It's better and brighter (and, oddly, sexier) than both those films.  It's not as savvy as 1984 by Orwell, but, then again, Orwell had Aldous to read first anyway.Huxley has the best scene though of the books.  As Huxley's recreating how emotionally numb everyone's become, he has this scene where Mond's talking to some of his peeps, explaining Utopia, and peep-1's telling Mond how this one girl rejected his sexual advances once, and Mond asks him how it made him feel:""It was horrible!"" he says.So... it's kinda funnish.  But, in that British sort of wry sort of way.  You really have to give yourself over to the conext in this one and, the only drawback is, the context is this glum, drab, middling world.  The novel kinda falls victim to its own ability to paint a picture, because, the picture is painted to be like the first line attests:A squat grey building of only thirty-four stories...I'll catch heck for this, but the best 'evil Utopia' to date is the WATCHMEN graphic novel.  Laugh if you want, but ye doth laugh like a fool."
"In the post 9/11 world, it has become almost clichéd to remark on the disturbingly prophetic vision of George Orwell. But whilst 'Brave New World' may not have quite the eerily recognisable elements of constant surveillance or a government that maintains power through continuous war against amorphous enemies, it is perhaps a deeper, more philosophical treatise on the relationship between individual and society, and one that is just as relevant to the way that fragile relationship is developing today.In Brave New World, Marxism and capitalist consumerism have been synthesised, via science, to produce a society where unhappiness has been abolished but which has no other justification than its own pointless existence. People are brought into the world artificially simply in order to produce goods and consume goods. Meaningful relationships between individuals are taboo, art as a conduit for truth has been banned, the function of science is to enable sterile, pain free, pre-determined lives, from the test-tube to the unmarked, unwept for grave.From the vantage point of 1932 Oxford, Huxley saw the dominant ideologies of his age as being equally crushing to not only the meaningfulness of individual existence, but also to that of civilisation itself. Brave New World can easily be framed as just another treatise on the eternal battle between individual and society, but Huxley presents the conflict in a deeper way, even beyond Orwell's great novel. This is evidenced above all in the fusion of Marxism and capitalism as the stifling creed of his dystopia. These two ideologies, despite their manifest differences, both see the rights of the individual as paramount, freedom from 'exploitation' contrasting with 'freedom to choose'. Huxley shows how both leave the individual less free than ever.This, of course, is something that has been portrayed in print and film many times in the decades since. But what ensures that the novel remains a timeless classic, is its vision of an alternative relationship between man and state. Although the novel is rightly regarded as celebrating the individual's battle against an oppressive, restrictive society, it also presents culture as an end in itself, the ultimate value of human existence, and in doing so gives society an importance over and above any individual. Huxley asks not so much what is the way to individual happiness or 'liberty', he asks 'why are WE here?' Man is not made for society, nor is society made for man, instead society is what separates us from the animals, creating, through culture, art and science, something greater than itself and yet enabling each individual life to possess a higher meaning.  Only, however, if we are allowed to be individuals in the first place.  Brave New World is a forewarning of what a society would be like that loses those insights, a society that however, is becoming increasingly recognisable as that of our modern consumerist social democratic nations."
A Classic but not much payoff...It's worth a listen or a read.  It's unfortunately a little dry and not quite as exciting as some of it's peers.
"This is an excellent book and taught me much about why America is where it is today.  One thing it also did was speak to the lack of real spiritualism in America today.""What about self-denial, then? If you had a God, you'd have a reason for self-denial.""""But industrial civilization is only possible when there's no self-denial. Self-indulgence up to the very limits imposed by hygiene and economics. Otherwise the wheels stop turning.""...""But God's the reason for everything noble and fine and heroic. If you had a God ...""""My dear young friend,"" said Mustapha Mond, ""civilization has absolutely no need of nobility or heroism. These things are symptoms of political inefficiency. In a properly organized society like ours, nobody has any opportunities for being noble or heroic. Conditions have got to be thoroughly unstable before the occasion can arise. Where there are wars, where there are divided allegiances, where there are temptations to be resisted, objects of love to be fought for or defended-there, obviously, nobility and heroism have some sense. But there aren't any wars nowadays. The greatest care is taken to prevent you from loving any one too much. There's no such thing as a divided allegiance; you're so conditioned that you can't help doing what you ought to do. And what you ought to do is on the whole so pleasant, so many of the natural impulses are allowed free play, that there really aren't any temptations to resist. And if ever, by some unlucky chance, anything unpleasant should somehow happen, why, there's always soma to give you a holiday from the facts. And there's always soma to calm your anger, to reconcile you to your enemies, to make you patient and long-suffering. In the past you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort and after years of hard moral training. Now, you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets, and there you are. Anybody can be virtuous now. You can carry at least half your mortality about in a bottle. Christianity without tears-that's what soma is.""You can replace 'soma' with 'television', 'bars', 'video games' or any other of the distractions that keep us from real contemplation and the concept that God might be real.Huxley's only draw back is his underestimation of America to distract itself.  We don't just use one drug - we use thousands of different little drugs to sell our souls.  An excellent book that left me with a profound silence when I finished it."
"Book starts off great, then veers down a cul-de-sac. Must have been revolutionary for the time, but it now seems a bit quaint. Not a great book, but easy to read, pretty short, and something that, I guess, should be read. Often compared to 1984, which is an immeasurably better work."
"Just like 1984 and Fahrenheit 451, Brave New World purveys a chilling look into a futuristic, dystopian world. Although I didn't find this book as interesting as 1984 or Fahrenheit 451, it's still an important book worth reading. The main thing I found lacking in Brave New World is character development. None of the characters were the least bit interesting. Although Huxley apparently was making his point by having the characters bland, sometimes rebellious, but at the end, not achieving redemption or solitude because of their lack of depth, strength, and courage, it didn't make the plot very thrilling. In some ways I felt that there wasn't much of a story, just mainly a tour of Huxley's dystopian world. However, despite some of its flaws, Brave New World is a great journey of a book to take for its intriguing look into a future that we hope won't come in full circle anytime soon."
"In many ways, Brave New World describes present-day America and Western Europe. Huxley's world, like ours, was full of people concerned with little more than physical pleasure, be it sexual or pharmacological. The Brave New World was high tech and anti-religious or, at least, areligious. If you want to know just how close Huxley got to describing certain aspects of western culture and lifestyle today, present-day humans can be created (though not yet birthed) in labs, are considerably less knowledgeable about history, tradition than earlier generations, and tend to elevate sexual pleasure over emotional, spiritual and familial bonding. Also consider that there is now a drug on the market called ""Soma,"" a muscle relaxer.While Huxley wrote Brave New World as if he had glimpsed in a crystal ball, the book's not terribly enjoyable. It's clear why the book is a classic and it should be read by everyone. As social comment, it's brilliant. As a novel, it's somewhat dull. In my view, 1984, which is inevitably a point of comparison to this book, was much more interesting and better written.I expected to be swept away by it. I was not. Much better works were forced on me in high school literature and English courses. That said, I'm glad I read Brave New World.While everyone should read it, many might wish they hadn't."
"This is a superb book, and it provides the most insightful, compelling justification around for rejecting our consumer society.  Huxley doesn't cop out by making this Brave New World any less attractive than it could be, what with all the advanced technology, free sex, and designer drugs.  This honest acknowledgement of how the sacrifice of individual freedom might realistically be compensated in a carefully-engineered society makes Huxley's point all the more powerful.Of course, the foresight Huxley shows is remarkable on many levels, but for me the most relevant prediction is the degeneration of society into materialism. In other writings Huxley has argued how individual spiritual experience can be hindered by organized religion, and the recent mega-church phenomenon hasn't so far produced a Thomas Aquinas.But even if you accept the underlying critique of a society that perpetuates itself though highly sophisticated psychological manipulation (and who wouldn't - even Captain Kirk had to bust one of these up on a Star Trek episode as I recall), it doesn't mean 1) that you are then logically compelled to reject any society that resembles the one here, nor 2) that you wouldn't choose to live in the Brave New World if given a choice.The real world doesn't present us with such black-and-white decisions, but most societies do reward conformity.  Some have to tempt us more than others, and those are the ones to be careful of."
"Reading ""Brave New World"" for the first time, quite some time after it was originally published, definitely affects how you read and perceive the book. Instead of reading it as sort of a ""sci-fi"" tale, it struck me as a book that seems to explain, in certain areas, where the world could be heading. With science improving and government becoming more controlling some aspects of the book are not so far fetched. I would not go so far as to say that we are heading for a world exactly like the one in Huxley's book, but the book is a good example of how ridiculous such a world would be."
"Brave new world is a work of genious that launches us into a futuristic world run by psychological conditioning (behaviorism) which was one of hte most common schools of psychology at the time this was written. Also it focuses on a world gone mad with a quest for efficiency, (scientific management) and really puts into questoin Progressive ideals. Great mind food!"
"I believe this has a lot of truth to it, especially in regard to the eugenics. It speaks to what, as a society, we should fear happening. That said, I believe 1984 is a better look at what is really in our future. Although a mix of the two is probably what we are really facing. Hopefully not..."
"This book was required reading for a philosophy class and I was suprised to find that I enjoyed it.  However, I feel that a reread would do this story more justice.  Although this book is considered sci-fi, and is disturbingly creepy at times, there are a lot of ideas to think about, such as social stability versus happiness.  Though I thought I understood the book at the first read, our teachers questions made me think that I actually missed quite a bit.  This is easy to do, the book is well written and fast paced, I read it in a day and a half.  I would recommend slowing down, even taking notes and looking up words (even if its not for school) to completely grasp all the Huxley is writing about."
"This book is nothing short of pure genius. Considering when it was written, I wonder if Huxley had a time machine to look into the future! A true visionary, and a truly great book!"
"A classic but not the best futuristic book out there.  However, I think everyone should read it.  Hyperbole can be a useful tool in warning us against letting government or any other human power become too important in our daily lives."
This book has been held up as a comparable to Orwell's 1984.  It's not. Huxley is just trying to write about a lot of sexual intercourse and still get published in a previous era.  There in no serious discussion of the societal woes that are the subject of the book until the final short chapter.
Turns out I didnt need the product for college. I read the book anyways and it's a good book to read!
"This book is a great classic of Sci-Fi, couldn't put it down read it in two days and was very engaging."
"Kind of a scary take on a future society.  The book reads well and at a quick pace, written in 1932 it never feels silly in its description of an imagined future, actually it feels a little to familiar. The sheep mentality, power in the hands of a select few, the desire to make everyone and everything “soft” around the edges and medicinal escapism. Yikes."
This was a book that my school needed for school.  He did enjoy reading it and talks about how good it was.
"I am a fan of 1984 but I find this scenario that Huxley paints to be more likely in today's world. We are a society that entertains ourselves to death and the idea of controlling society through hedonistic desires is frightening because it would work so well. As long as the individual is getting what he or she wants, there is no reason to fight for these vague ideas of liberty. That's what I found so compelling about the book. Sure, there is a drug that is used to keep people happy and not thinking deeply, but the main controlling agent is that everyone is being distracted through games, through sex, through social events, and no one ever stops to think, they are purposefully prevented from thinking. It is quite a revealing book and makes me reevaluate the entertainments I indulge in."
"This book truly took me by storm and engaged me in a hypothetical dystopic future human society. I was so easily able to relate to the characters and the dilemmas presented within that, truly, I felt as if this society actually existed. This book has opened my mind and called into question my views of today's society as I know and accept it. I would recommend this book to anyone who who feels isolated in society, distraught about the direction our hedonistic society is taking, or is simply looking for a better understanding of the concept of the word dystopia and, indeed, the fine line that exists between a dystopia and a utopia. 5/5."
A great book that gives a glimpse into what the elites have in store for America. Very close to reality how the elites want control of DNA and the world. They accomplish this goal through conditioning of it's citizens which is evident in today's society.
"I enjoyed the book, the ending was weak.  I had a hard time getting through the last twenty percent or so."
"Reading Aldous Huxley's Brave New World was inspired by realising that I hadn't read any of a recent list stating the top twenty geek novels. Given that my impressions of geek literature being hardcore science fiction and adventures in elfworld it was pleasant to discover that this novel, over seventy years after its publication, is still fresh. I would tend to think, however, that its endurance is due to its satirical tone rather than any sort of geeky idolisation as, despite its futuristic setting, it deals more with its characters rather than the world around them.Set in a dystopian society in 2540AD or, as the book calls it, AF632 (AF meaning After Ford) the novel presents an almost perfect society where war and poverty has been eliminated at the cost of family, culture, and religion. The whole world is considered to be a single state and the central tenets are those, as you would expect, of the industrialist Henry Ford. Fordism is the semi-religious doctrine that permeates this society: his sayings are gospel, his name is said in vain, the cross has been replaced by the `T'; indeed, in a motion similar to crossing oneself, the citizens make the sign of the `T'. An interesting idea, perhaps, but the incessant expletives (""for Ford's sake!"", ""oh my Ford!"", etc.) do lose some of their humour and power.It begins, with little narrative, in the Central London Hatching and Conditioning Centre, a place where human beings are raised are `bottled' (raised in test tubes) and then conditioned via radiation and Pavlovian techniques to become one of the five social castes of society (the independent Alphas through to the half-retarded Epsilons). Once fit for society the citizens are then `decanted'. The Director of this centre is giving a tour to a group and shows them the bottled embryos passing along a conveyor belt as they are treated with chemicals to determine the future intelligence and physical attributes of the embryo. He then shows them the nursery where some children are being conditioned to loathe, of all things, books and flowers.Then, moving on, we meet one of the world's controllers, a man named Mustapha Mond. He tells the touring children about the World State and the benefits that attempts to quash peoples' emotions and relationships has made on society. Indeed, in this world, there is no marriage, grief, or joy - promiscuous sex is actively encouraged, death is no big deal, and games only serve to further the economy.More characters, from here, are introduced into the narrative as Huxley's world escapes the Hatchery and Conditioning Centre and goes further afield. The self-conscious Bernard Marx gets permission from the Director to visit a savage reservation in New Mexico; Lenina Crowne, attracted to him, accepts his offer to join him. Helmholm Watson, a hypnopaedia writer (slogans that are repeated and learnt whilst citizens sleep) shows discontent at his job feeling, as an Alpha, that he is capable of much more. And, in New Mexico, they meet John and his mother Linda, a pair of savages discontent with their world. Returning to London attempts are made to integrate John into society but, his world is shaped by Shakespeare (he found a copy of his complete works) and he disagrees with the dystopian World State, arguing with Mond until each character goes their own way (John to exile; Marx exiled.) and the final denouement.Brave New World could have been better, there's no doubt about that. The obvious hindrance was a narrative that never really centered on one character: one minute we were touring the hatchery, the next we're following Bernard who, in turn, slinked into the shadows when John was introduced. Huxley has ideas, though, and amidst his obvious taste for neologisms (centrifugal Bumble-puppy!) gets his ideas across fairly well although this can be at the cost of the narrative as the climactic argument between John and Mond goes back and forward with neither being right. The World Controller argues that society is better off when nobody reflects on the past, when people aren't given any time to themselves, and when there is nothing to be emotional about and that eliminated studies (history, religion, science) are wrongs that require control while John, in his misunderstanding of the World State, believes that people should have freedom of thought and be allowed to suffer emotions to make them human. Of course, in a world where people are made to order, made on Ford's assembly line, he has little chance of ever making a point.The writing in Brave New World is fine, if a tad verbose at times or scientific at others (dolichocephalic!) with, as previously mentioned, a world of neologistic commodities (pneumatic armchairs, for example). Dialogue is alright and serves to paint a more accurate picture of the characters but it is not entirely realistic and sometimes serves as device for infodumps. The characters, however, are hard to follow as they feature for little periods and, while you get an idea of what drives them, you don't get a complete sense of their role within the story, especially as to their reactions by the novel's close.While I liked Brave New World one of the hardest things for me to do was imagine Huxley's vision as it would be incarnate. When I think of future societies I am given to thoughts of Fritz Lang's Metropolis but, when least expected, Huxley would throw in the countryside, savage reservations, and, unexpectedly, a lighthouse. I understand that these elements demonstrate a world that strives to be perfect but suffers from underlying problems (the people are kept happy by use of recreational drugs rather than any utopian positivity) that mean it is still a burgeoning dystopia rather than fully realised with its wheels completely greased. Overall, it's an attractive novel, full of ideas, but one that suffers from a lack of organisation with them."
"That's all I want to say right now.  I've read it when I was 15, again when I was 20, and now that I'm 33, it's got the same bite of parody, pointing to our society and government.  Control gone wild, I guess.  In the future.  Love it!"
"British author Aldous Huxley's 1930's science fiction novel, Brave New World, has become a classic and required reading for most high schools and colleges. Its timeless appeal lies in the shocking parallel between this fictional futuristic dystopia and our own society today! Yes, this novel is prophetic and if we are not careful we might easily and unconsciously become immersed in a society such as the one Huxley describes. In this world, humanity has lost its humanity. Natural pro-creation and the forming of families has been replaced by decanted babies (in a frightening similarity to cloning). Each person is assigned a station in life from the inferior Alphas to the lowly Zetas. Religion has been overthrown and it is the Ford production line (so valuable in the 20th century and its fast growing car industry) that is being worshipped in bizarre, sexual rituals. People are encouraged to have tons of meaningless sex and live a life of hedonistic pleasures. People are constantly drugged up by the powerful ""feel-good"" drug Soma, which Huxley took from the ancient Hindu drug/drink that the gods loved to consume. Huxley himself would experiment with drugs for a higher consciousness and he would later write about this in his novel ""Doors of Perception"". The characters, some of them stronger than others, are all victims of this deceptively Utopian society. Bernard Marx a lower-caste man is in love with Lenina, a beautiful upper-caste woman who rejects him. Bernard was given alcohol in his blood surrogate and is consequently shorter in stature than the men of his caste. Although originally Bernard hoped he could change the world and seek meaning through all the artifice and shallow existence. Lenina lives in a blissful stupor and conformity, constantly repeating, parrot-like, all the brainwashing ditties that the world society created. The character of the bastard son of the Decanting Room Director, a Native American named John the Savage, is the true hero in the novel, though he, too, meets with a tragic fate. Enamored of Shakespeare, he longs to suffer and feel passions and emotions like the characters in Shakespeare's tragedies. He gets it all right. He falls hopelessly in love with Lenina, but when Lenina begins to get physical with him, he rejects her. He is appalled at the morally crumbling society around him. Finally, he engages in a frenzied orgy and hangs himself in a lighthouse. The world Huxley paints is not pretty, even if outwardly it's a hedonist's dream. Music is always playing, there is pornographic films as mainstream movies and drugs and sex. But it's a world that has lost all its values."
Well written and frightening story of government control and human consumption.  Amazing parallels to the US today.  Softer read than 1984...leaves the same impact.
"Brave New World is full of interesting ideas, from an embryo production centres and ""hypnopaedia"" to encouragement of promiscuity and partying for social stability. But it doesn't have a plot to put it all together. It only creates a world but not a story. And the ending is so anticlimatic that after the ending, when one turns the page, one thinks ""That's it?!"". However, it is the only complete science fiction book I've read, because it has scientific, political, and philosophical ideas, all together.I'd reccommend 1984 more than this book."
"I read Brave New World in my highschool days, (2 years ago), back then I hated books and anything and everything especially if it was assigned for an english class.Well needless to say I still can't get the book out of my head. I still remember the savage and how he struggles with his grasp on this ""advanced society"". A scary anology comes to mind, it's like us americans saying America is the best country in the world to live in (i think it is) and then meeting a European and hear them saying ""You're joking? Aren't you?"" Their view is totally different, whether it's right or wrong I find symbolisms for it in this book.The beauty in here is that is less science fiction then a truism for the future. This advanced civilizations methods are incorrigbly wrong but somehow they seem practical, a perfect and controlled way to grow and maintain a society.A great read. Treat yourself.P.S. Are we the Savage?"
"If you are looking for one of those books that really is one of the ""foundations"" of science fiction then Brave New World is for you.  Brave New World is set in the future when humanity has attempted to create an utopian society.  It is bizarre and somewhat chilling experience, especially if you look at society today. The foreward is excellent, because it really places the book into historical context...and yes (sadly)this is the book that Tom Cruise ranted about on the Today show.  Overall, an impressive book.  Would be a great college freshmen novel."
"It's pretty scary to see how many situations described in this book have come true already!  My interest was piqued when the toddlers, born without parents and out of anything but love,  were literally shocked when they crawled or toddled  too close to knowledge or beauty, i.e., books or flowers.  After all, that's  the best way to maintain ignorance and lack of feelings.  Seems that variations of this process happen every day in underprivileged areas around the world.  It certainly makes one wonder whether there are countries which would like to maintain Delta and Epsilon mentalities to benefit Alpha countries.  Science Fiction, but a lot of  food for thought here.Four Gold Stars!"
"Well yes, no doubt one of the few books able to travel through time. What Ford was then....Gates is now. The problems nonetheless are the same.I gave it 4 stars only because the ending was not a great one, so my advise to you ""Enjoy the trip more than the destination""..."
"I was thoroughly pleased with the content of this pseudo-satirical novel. It sufficiently ameliorated my exiguous assumptions that propinquity is ubiquitous.I didn't like, contrary to popular belief, the potato chip residue which stuck pages 9-278 completely together. Used book holders have got to take better care of their belongings before trying to sell them. Take it easy on the snacks people!"
"I'm going to skip the part about how this book is prophetic and how society today is becoming like it was in Brave New World.  You can read all that fun stuff in the various reviews around this one.In the end, what amazed me about this book was not how prophetic it was (though it was spectacular), but how the book affected me.  A great book like this one changes the way you think about everything.  By introducing various key concepts, Huxley makes the book incredibly shaking.An example of this would be the Cyprus Experiment.  When asked why he doesn't make everyone an Alpha (intelligent, able human being), the controller (symbolizing God in many ways) tells of an experiment in Cyprus some time before.  They evacuated the entire island and filled it with Alphas only.  They gave some Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Epsilon work.  The result - mass chaos, zero productivity, war, deaths, and eventually a second evacuation.  Out of this specific example, I took in several important concepts:a) Groups cannot work if all members are extremely intelligentb) Extremely intelligent individuals cannot live with lower level workThe Cyprus Experiment was explained in two pages - imagine what an entire book of this kind of intellectual stimulation creates... the masterpiece ""Brave New World""."
"I've been very ""familiar"" with this book for years, but somehow never got around to actually reading it for myself. (Until now that is!) In some ways this book was what I expected, but in other ways not what I expected at all. I was surprised at how racy and frank it is in regards to sexual activity - especially since the book was published in 1932! I'm surprised it wasn't  more scandalous than it was upon its release in 1932.So many different aspects of this book could be commented on...I'll focus on one. In regards to ###, birth control and reproductive technology - this book was incredibly and amazingly prophetic!Remember that in 1932 birth control was just about non-existent (expect for natural methods and animal intestine condoms.) Sexual standards were much more conservative than today. (Compared to modern day statistics: Living together outside of marriage was almost unheard of, the divorce rate was very low, illegitimate births were rare, etc.) And ### still had much stronger ties to pro-creation than to pleasure. Abortion was not only illegal but a scandalous thought to most people. And, of course, reproductive technology was still many years in the future.Yet, in Brave New World, we see a world where women are either sterilized or on birth control. In the rare case it failed, they go to the ""abortion center"".  ### is purely for pleasure and promiscuity the normal standard of behavior.  (""Everyone belongs to everyone"", and having only one ### partner is thought of as strange and bizarre.) And humans are created and raised in a laboratory.It is incredible how quickly our society has slid from 1932 to the present day! This is one reason some conservative people then (and today) are opposed to birth control.  They see the pandora's box it can open... Birth control (and the back-up option of legal abortion) makes sexually loose standards a possibility, and reality! We are already living in the Brave New World. Aren't people in our society today - who believe in sexual abstinence before marriage, and ### being only for marriage - thought of as narrow minded, unrealistic, old-fashioned and even a bit strange?Aldous Huxley even commented on this in the new forward for the book that he wrote in 1947. (He comments how, in 1932, he saw the scenarios in Brave New World unfolding in 600 or 700 years in the future. But writing in 1947, he thought we might actually see these things by the end of the century.)  In regards to ### and marriage: ""Nor does the sexual promiscuity of Brave New World seem very distant. There are already certain American cities in which the number of divorces is equal to the number of marriages. In a few years, no doubt, marriage licenses will be sold like dog licences, good for a period of time, with no law against changing dogs or keeping more than one animal at a time..."" (page xvi in forward)When one looks at the present statistics for co-habitation, marriage and divorce in this country, and the debate over what marriage even stands for....Whoa!! Brave New World was shockingly prophetic.Too prophetic for its own good. It was a book ahead of its time. Most of its reviews in the 1930's were negative...because it was just seen as crazy and too ""out there"".  It's too bad more people didn't take it seriously. We have slid very quickly into a moral wasteland..."
"+++++This science fiction novel by author Aldous Huxley is considered by some to be ""The greatest novel of the future ever written.""  Why?  Because as the late, great philosopher Bertrand Russell said, ""It is all likely to come true.""Huxley through one of his characters early on makes this startling statement: ""[T]he secret of happiness and virtue [is] liking what you've got to do.  [Techniques have to be developed so] people like [or love] their non-escapable social destiny [of servitude].""In this novel, this ""love of servitude"" has been accomplished through suitable scientific techniques.  The result is an antiseptic new world where ""[t]he world's [socially] stable...People are [artificially] happy;  they get what they want, and never want what they can't get.  They're well off; they're safe; they're never ill; they're not afraid of death; they're blissfully ignorant of passion and old age; they're plagued with no mothers or fathers; they've got no wives, or children, or lovers to feel strongly about; they're so conditioned that they...can't help behaving as they ought to behave.  And if anything goes wrong, there's the [universal, pleasurable drug] soma [as well as recreational sex].""Conditioning is the technique for establishing desirable behavior patterns.  ""Soma"" in this novel is a powerful calming and hallucinogenic drug without any serious side effects.There's ""no mothers and fathers"" because a foolproof system of eugenics (the movement for improving the human species through control of hereditary factors) has been mechanically designed to standardize humans in places called ""hatcheries.""  This mechanical standardization of humans has been pushed to fantastic though, I feel not impossible, extremes.  The system of mechanical eugenics in this novel enables humans to be ""processed"" into classes based on intelligence.This novel is filled with numerous interesting concepts and ideas.  For example, the time this novel takes place in is 632 ""A.F.""  A.F. stands for After the Death of Ford.  This refers to Henry Ford (1863 to 1947) who was a US auto manufacturer and developer of the assembly line.  (This means this novel takes place in the late twenty-sixth century.)There are basically two storylines in this novel.  The first is about a person who was ""born"" in a hatchery but rebels against this new world's social order.  The second is about a person who was actually born to a woman and thus now has trouble fitting into this new world.Generally, the entire novel is about how the advancement of science affects human individuals.This novel is excellently written.  I have to admit I had difficulty at first because Huxley plunges right into his futuristic society (thus younger readers and impatient readers may have difficulty with this novel).  However, I kept on reading and discovered that everything comes together by the end of the novel.Finally, after reading this novel, I recommend the thought-provoking science-fiction movie ""Gattaca"" (1997).  I also recommend the non-fiction book authored by Huxley entitled ""Brave New World Revisited"" (1958).In conclusion, this is a fantastic, futuristic novel whose ideas will stay with you long after you have finished reading it.  It is also a prophetic novel because many of the ideas presented may now be starting to come true!!!(first published 1932;  forward by the author;  18 chapters;  main narrative of 275 pages)+++++"
"To start out, I must say that this is perhaps the strangest book I have read in quite some time.  That said, it was also a very good book, and well worth the read.  I won't say much about, seeing as many people before me already have said more than enough.  Perhaps the scariest part of the book was when I realized that we are not so far off now from what is happening in the book.  No, we don't play tapes over and over while children sleep to condition them, but we do condition them nonetheless through the portrayel of society that the media presents to them. It makes me wonder, if the media constantly repeated some theme (for example say, sex with multiple partners is the norm), would society be conditioned to believe that?  Oh wait..."
"This novel is very interesting.  I was at the beach whent I read it. I just couldn't put it down!  It starts off a little slow, but it kind of drags you in with the soma holidays, bottle babies, and the ""old"" world.  It's really funny that some of these things are happening now in our soceity. Great summer read!  -- rowera --"
"This is undoubtedly one of the strangest books ever written. Aldous Huxley definitely got aquainted with mescaline or ""mescal"" while he was writing this book. The setting for this story is in a way even scarier than that of Orwell's 1984. In BNW's society there is no war,poverty,or sadness, the entire population is basically sedated by wonderdrug ""soma"".I don't want to say much because this book is definitely worth reading and figuring out for yourself, although it may be very difficult at times.This is a great book, it is the first of Huxley's works that I have read, but I am planning on reading ""Island"" real soon. Go get this book from a used book store, like I did!"
"Noble Savage/SciFi/Teen Drama. A lost and unwashed teen, outcast in his own land, is rescued (along with his repulsive VIVIPAROUS mother) from the deepest darkest desert and introduced to the Jetsons-meets-soft-core-porn-esque genetically engineered civilization of his forbears (crowds of identical people all produced for one job, arranged by caste, creepily similar to Oompa Loompas) where he finds that OH MY GOD his TOTAL freakishness makes him cool. And like any nihilistic teen who hates the mall, he banishes himself to a life of self flaggelagtion and intestinal purges high in the Scottish Mountains. Should have picked a deserted island to live on, injun! He is pursued and ogled, a la King Kong, until driven to madness and suicide. His ideological guru, SHAKESPEARE (inexplicably enough), would not have approved. This book is pneumatic, which, contrary to the positive connotation in the book, means it sucks. However, as _Brave New World_ is part of the Literary Canon, and Aldous Huxley is considered the greatest satirist of his time, it is, unfortunately, required reading. But pop at least a half pill of soma before reading it. It is probably better while on drugs."
"I hate this book.  It is very poorly written, the story is almost laughable (""feelies"" ""orgy-porgy"" WTF), the language is dry, etc. etc.  i wouldn't even give it 1 star..."
"Don't read the reviews that say stuff about Huxly writing this book as telling us ""What our world should be like"" because that's obviously not what it's about, if you read it.It's controversial even by today's standards and upon it's release in the thirties, I can imagine it would have been considered extremely racy, given that it's probably racy even by today's standards. Some subject matter in this book might also offend people today, such as this future society where children are encouraged to ""erotic play"" and there is mass drug use that people partake in regularly.But this cloning stuff, this stuff is happening RIGHT NOW with all the stem-cell research embryos and whatnot. Huxly was either exagerating his vision of what may come in our future, or he expected it. It's frightening."
"This novel is amazingly interesting. It opens in the Central London Hatching and Conditioning Centre. Everything in the novel here out stems from the first chapter. The London Hatching Centre is where thousands of nearly identical human embryos are put to life. The embryos travel in bottles along a conveyor belt through the factory and are conditioned to belong to seperate social classes: Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, or Epsilon. The Alpha embryos are looked upon as the leaders and thinkers of the ""World State."" Going down from Alpha, every person, Beta, Gamma, Delta...etc are either less physically or intellectually impressive. The Epsilons are stuned and stupified by lack of oxgen and some chemical treatments, they are destined to perform labor. Each embryo based on social class is conditioned to where they will be or what they are destined to do.Huxley's world has 10 world controllers, one we get to know very well is mustapha mond. We also have characters such as Bernard Marx who is absolutely strange and not very good looking. His ""woman"" is Lenina.In this crazy society, birth only happens through the bottle. Semen and egg are mixed to create babies. Religion is not existant, their ""religion"" is something called soma, soma is something used to control negative emotions and social harmony.Towards the end of the novel all of the main characters seem to start becoming upset with their society because of it's unperfectness. As The Savage says, ""we want the right to be unhappy."" He says these things to one of the World Controllers, Mustapha Mond who later sends him away to an island on his lonesome.This book was extremely interesting, i would give it 5 stars but some parts were hard to understand so i give it the 4.5 stars. Thanks for listening to my review and VOTE FOR ME."
"I read Brave New World by Aldous Huxley this weekend and was pretty impressed.  I was expecting something a lot more dry since this book is a classic mostly due to the fact that it's pretty mainstream but I have to admit that it was an enjoyable book and a pretty fast read (took me about 2 hours).  With that said let's get into the review.Brave New World takes place several hundred years in the future where all of mankind's basic needs have been met and now we are all genetically engineered and conditioned to not want more than we can ever get and to follow certain precepts such as never mending old clothes and participating in group activities rather than individual ones.  The life of the collective is much more important than the life of the individual and the whole of society is structured around this purpose with certain ""people"" being created to perform manual labor or jobs than no person in their right mind would want to do.I feel the book takes place in three stages.  The first is kind of the background and build up of the world and society of Brave New World.  The second is Lenina and Bernard's trip to the Savage Reservation (a place in the US Southwest where ""civilization"" has not taken root) and the third section deals with the Savage's life in the civlized world.The story progresses well and despite the creation of new inventions and a few new words you never fail to understand what is going on.  The characters are well developed and you really get a good understanding of this utopian world and how stale it really is.  After reading this book I realized that the society fromt he Sly Stallone movie Demolition Man was mostly taken from this book with one of the characters, Sandra Bullock's, even called Lenina Huxley in tribute.For anyone that hasn't read this book I definitely have to say check it out.  It's a quick read and a very good one."
sorry i just wrote this so that there would be 667 votes and not 666 im not very religous but i find that number to be very strange and disturbing. holla back im going to buy this book
"Many writers have tried to predict our future, but none have succeeded as well as Aldous Huxley did in Brave New World, first published in 1931.  As prophesy and social commentary, this book easily earns five stars.  As a novel, the plot is interesting but not up there with the top works of entertainment.  Please don't let that stop you from reading this remarkable book.  By the way, I recommend buying a version that includes Huxley's ""sequel"" Brave New World Revisited, published 29 years later.  Brave New World Revisited is not a conventional sequel in that it is not a novel.  It is commentary, by Huxley, on the 1931 work, on World War II, and on how the world had changed since the original novel was written.  Well worth the read."
"This book is supposed to show conern for a utopian society, which apprenly does not involve animals. If there is no science then how are the reasearchers able to come up with new maturing speeds.The story itself is horrible since nothing exciting ever happens and the author does not let the reader wondering whats going to happen next in this situation becuase the end of the book and the beggning of the book are not related that closely. Its as if i was reading the beggning of the book over and over again and nothing ever progressed.To prove a point, this book should onl be read by belivers of a utopian society or people who fear it and can beleive in this one. In other words, no one read this book becuase it is not beleiveable."
Huxley projects the future from the perspective of a man impressed by industrial efficiency.  It's as if society springs from a conveyor belt.  Inefficient norms like marriage and family are eliminated.  I wonder how he might forecast the future now in an age of post-industrial corporatism.  Certainly that world would not be as streamlined as his brave new one.  This book remains a thoroughly enjoyable read.
"Imagine a world with no pain, eternal youth and endless drugs and sex without consequences. Sounds great, right?Now imagine giving up dignity, love, art, adventure, religion and nobility in order to be part of this world. Starting to have second thoughts?The ""Brave New World"" dystopia isn't quite as bad as the one in ""1984."" No one is going to throw you in room 101 and torture you. They'll just keep you so doped up on soma and free love so that you forget everything that isn't superficial. It's a world that promises security, contentment, pleasure, but lacks purpose.In my opinion, the book falls short of it's classic stature, though just barely. The religion of Henry Ford is never fully elaborated, the word ""Ford"" is simply substituted for ""God"" throughout the book. What's more, you have to get halfway through the book before you meet a character that is interesting, though this is in part to show the constrast to the  other ""characters"" who are a product of a superficial world.Critics of this book say that it is a hack job on scientific progress. It's not. In fact science is not the great evil in this book, stability is. Nor is the book anti-utilitarian; it simply says that some forms of pleasure ought not to replace others.Definately worth the read."
"A lot has been written about the drug-controlled society versus the natural or ""savage"" man in Huxley's book, and while that's a significant theme, a more interesting one to me is the isolation of individualism, which I think is often overlooked here. Many books have had this theme, but few have shown such a sharp divide between society and the individual as Brave New World.A story about a society that has moved as far away as possible from the unpleasant aspects of being human, the question it raises is whether the easy elimination of these ""disorders"" has actually improved life, or taken something important away, no matter how unpleasant. The growth of the individual- the wisdom that comes from having been both up and down- is clearly missing; these people live half-lives. Yet, despite all efforts to sweeten life by removing all traces of the bitter, there remains a repulsive fascination with the savage, now considered unnatural in just one of many ironies to be found in the book. (Even the ""Brave"" in the title is ironic, since so few people strive to be any kind of courageous in this New World.) What's been created is a world where to be an individual means to ostracize yourself, to reject the instant gratification and quick fixes for what ails you. Anyone who does that is considered odd, since who wouldn't want a pain-free, always-happy life?  The ultimate accomplishment of that indoctrination is to make individualism nearly impossible. That's Huxley's nightmare of the future, his dire warning of where we're headed in a hurry. The rebel or the loner is not only undesirable, it's not even comprehended by this bland society, which twists the ""pursuit of happiness"" into a kind of singular goal for all mankind. It's a sad world despite all the ""happy"" people in it, a world devoid of all real human aspirations, a stagnant world. If there's a braveness here at all, it's the unwitting willingness to forgo growth- since that often requires setbacks and pain- for the sake of total comfort.We haven't yet reached that kind of comfort level in our own society, but the rise of political correctness and how easily people claim to be offended by anything that makes them uncomfortable says that Huxley was (unfortunately) correct about the direction we tend to drift, towards a personal comfort zone that blocks out anything we deem unpleasant, even if there are valuable lessons to be learned in things that conflict with our own beliefs and desires. Perhaps more than anything, that's the real warning behind Huxley's nightmare of his Brave New World.-Mark Wakely, author of An Audience for Einstein"
"Although Huxley's writing within this novel feels stiff and wooden, his ideas of what the form the future might take were surprisingly close to the mark.  Although written in 1930's England, Huxley's envisioning of a society in which patriotism was measured by how many consumer goods an individual bought is eerily reminiscent of President Bush exhorting us to ""just go shopping"" after 9/11.  Of additional interest is the use of the mood-altering drug, Soma.  In our currently over-medicated society, this, too, seems all too close to Huxley's ""brave, new world.""  We also seem to be moving closer to Huxley's portrayal or a society's unwillingness to accept aging and the physical changes that occur within that process.  In Huxley's world, people are euthenized at 60, with much cosmetic surgery occurring prior to that age to retain a youthful look.  He missed on the euthenasia matter; spot on with the cosmetic surgery.The problem with the book lies primarily in the stiff style in which it was written.  Not having read anything else by Huxley, I'm not sure if this was used for stylistic affect or simply Huxley's style.  The consequence is that none of the characters moved beyond their 2-dimensional flatness, including the character with whom we were meant to most identify, the savage."
This is where i started down the road to anti-utopian heaven. Never before had i read a book that opened my eyes to the world as this one did. In a world where everyone is lulled into patronized bliss how would a person ever achieve anything meaningfull? Become an outsider? An enemy of the state? This book will change how you view the world.
"Aldous Huxley was a man with extensive knowledge on many topics-this is perhaps his greatest work..He examines a utopian society completely based on the absence of individuality, a society that is a perfect mechanism at producing pleasure but completely devoid of any of the artistic or religous merits we associate with more 'primitive' societies. Huxley's satire hits the nail on the head as it shows us a very frightening and very possible reality.What if people could be conditioned to think and act the way they do? We certainly know that such a thing is possible - just look at Hitler's Germany.. 'Introverts' who ask questions of their government can be effectively isolated and dealt with occordingly.. Drugs can not only produce the illusion of contentment and euphoria, but can also be used to control people and their dependence.. Is 'Brave new World' relevant to our current state of affairs in our present corporate world - I would say yes - it is already heading in that direction."
"In his most coveted novel Brave New World, Aldous Huxley gives us a scathing look into a possible future, and asks us what we truly mean when we say ""civilized"", and why that doesn't always translate into ""better"". It is written is lively compulsively readable prose, in which Huxley does not force his vision on you he allows you to discover it gradually and in the beginning chapters he seamlessly tell us about the intricacies of his world, mainly through the way his characters react to various situations. It is a quick and suspenseful read and is best, at least this was my experience, in as few sittings as possible.The novel opens in a society where, ""everyone belongs to everyone,"" meaning promiscuity is not only condoned it is required by law. The concept of monogamy is a taboo, and all babies are genetically engineered for their respective social classes.  They are then ""conditioned"", to enjoy whatever their predetermined service to society is. Meaning of you are a lower caste you will enjoy tour back breaking work because your whole life you have been told that is what you should enjoy. All this is done under the guise of ""stability"", which ""civil"" society values most.The socio political concept Huxley seems to be most audaciously critiquing is the idea of Utilitarianism a philosophy pioneered by a man named John Stewart Mills. The basic idea behind Utilitarianism is that a government should base all it's decision on what makes the most people happy. So if I own a house and six people want to tear it down to make an apartment building that is perfectly all right without my consent. There are a few intrinsic problems with this ideology, first being that every human being does not achieve happiness in the same manner.  In Huxley's imaginary `Brave New World' the society the ""World Controllers attempt to correct this by conditioning classes to enjoy what it is they are supposed to do. But of course as in even the most organized societies there are oddballs. And his main protagonist is one of them Bernard, a member of an upper class, who by some scientific mistake looks as if he we're a member of one of the lower ones is naturally because of the societies materialistic nature to some extent ostracized from his peers and as I would imagine forced by the nature of that relatively extensive isolation, (in Huxley's society isolating ones self is looked down upon almost as much as monogamy), to question the merit of the his ""civilized"" society.Bernard, and his current mate Lennina go to an Indian reservation where they encounter an ancient tribal society where they have many masochistic rituals that are even more disgusting to those of Huxley's society then they are to our own. In this reservation they encounter a mother who had been stranded in that society and has given birth, her child has grown up ostracized to his tribal society, much like Bernard. He is given the choice to either stay in his own life or try living in civilized society. I will not go on so as not to spoil some of the interesting and tragic occurrences that befall him.I did find it interesting that in his introduction the late Huxley stated that he regretted not giving the savage a third less extreme choice. One of the most interesting things I thought was that he did have to choose between two incredibly flawed ways of life. Because it seemed to reflect some of the more difficult decisions we are still forced to make today in a polarized political atmosphere. But as are most artists who become most recognized by their audience for an early work, he must have become quite bitter towards it and become simply tired of hearing about it. (I would suggest reading the introduction after the novel seeing as it contains a few spoilers)There are a few issues I had with the ideas behind `Brave New World' that prevented me from giving it five stars. (1 I am not entirely convinced that by any means of manipulation you can get the majority of people to enjoy being the post modern equivalent of slaves, although I must admit it was a disturbing idea. (2 Huxley sets up that ""The Ford"" came into power not long after an apocalyptic war in the name of stability, even after a great war I do not see people willingly giving up so much freedom.What I was most impressed with in ""Brave New World"" is how well it holds up with the scientific moral conundrums we face today.  Genetic Engineering and cloning, corporate manipulation, and to be fair to the right the decline of what as seen as the true family, for a science fiction/satire novel published in 1932, this is the highest praise I can give."
"In his Foreword to Brave New World (written in 1946 for a reprinting of the novel originally released in 1931), Huxley admonishes himself for not having incorporated ideas associated with nuclear fission into the technologies of his imagined future society. Despite this omission, Brave New World undoubtedly remains an uncomfortably accurate depiction of tomorrow's world. One could argue -- and argue convincingly -- that Huxley's descriptions are more relevant now than at any time in the past.Certainly, the unswerving emphasis on individual happiness, satiety, and immediate fulfillment of human desires described in the book more closely fits with current Western societal norms than it must have at the time of Huxley's writing. And while the notion of subconscious behavioural programming as a state-sanctioned institution may not have reached the explicit form characteristic of Huxley's world (there is as yet no formal College of Emotional Engineering, to my knowledge at least), it seems fair to say that corporations and governments exert all manner of subtle appeals for us to continue our patterns of conspicuous consumption and to content ourselves with the cultural, legal, and moral status quo. Like the inhabitants of the Brave New World, we are increasingly taught to despise yesterday's ideas and products, to self-medicate with all manner of mood-enhancing drugs (of the legal type only, of course), and to accept, however tactfully, established divisions between social classes.Added to these general themes, the especially riveting aspects of Brave New World revolve around the adaptation - or lack thereof - of the Savage to the `civilized' society of the future. In the lengthy conversation between the Savage and Mustapha Mond, Huxley manages to deftly address principles of spirituality, art, and truth in ways that challenge us to surface and examine our own assumptions regarding the existing social order.I found the treatment of religion and its place in future society to be of particular interest. The marginalization of Christian traditions and beliefs in this new world echoes the similar banishing of pagan systems by European settlers in early American history. What is more, by finding a place for the co-existence of these two religions in the `uncivilized' outpost of the Reservation, Huxley touches on the historical links between mysticism and mainstream Christianity, a theme he returns to in his excellent collection ""The Human Situation"".Apart from all this, though, Brave New World is also an engaging, well-crafted work in its own right, and can be enjoyed as a provocative novel without the need for excessive philosophizing of the type of which I'm guilty here. Well worth a read."
"This book is my second favorite fiction book next to 1984.  I also read this a few years ago in school.Huxley has done a great job in making you feel like you are part of the story.  I couldn't but help feel sad for the mother who kept taking soma until death.  I couldn't but help feel frustrated at how everyone else in this society were practically zombies.Sadly, we are in a similar time, when depression is treated with powerful drugs, sex is used as a distraction, and the system continues to keep people ignorant of the truth."
"Huxley's dystopia novel of a world controled by ""placating"" it's public is one of the most fascinating an eerie portraits of world humanity put together.Written in the early 30's this book is still incredibly relevant and holds the test of time.Two main characters in Huxley's novel produce the most perfect irony of the flawed state.  One tries to shun those trying to control him, the other is stuck in a world he hates but can't force himself to leave cause of his complacency.  It is the craft of conformity that Huxley is getting at, and the obsession that we as people have with comfort and control that is brilliantly portrayed.Awesome book."
"Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" asks, ""Which is more important, happiness or freedom?""  This science-fiction novel is a story of a future ""civilized"" society, in which people are ""conditioned"" to enjoy their place in the hierarchy from the time they are made in a test tube-like bottle.  Each citizen, from a physically and mentally advanced Alpha-Plus, down to an infantile Epsilon, lives by the motto of ""Community, Identity, Stability.""  Life is full of mindless labor, enjoyable diversions and polygamous relationships.  ""Soma"" is the cure to all physical and emotional ailments that happen to arise.In a place where so much is predetermined and planned, the novel unsurprisingly focuses on characters that are not the norm.  Bernard is an Alpha male with physical defects.  Helmholtz is the epitome of an Alpha-Plus, but does not enjoy his free reign.  John, the Savage, is a man who was brought up by Indians, outside of ""civilized"" society.  Lenina is an attractive woman who tends to stray outside the normal social attitudes and actions.  Because there are four major characters, the pace of the novel is very quick and never boring.  Each character brings a different aspect to the fight between happiness and freedom, and in the end, each decides a victor for him or herself.What starts out as a confusing and somewhat implausible book concludes as a thought provoking must read, again and again.  Through encounters in both ""civilized"" society and the ""savage"" world, Huxley successfully points out the benefits and flaws of each, leaving the reader to decide which is better.  A page-turner from beginning to end, this exciting novel is highly recommended for anyone who is willing to face happiness, challenge freedom, and embark on a ""Brave New World."""
"The Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, portrays a world, where our deepest emotions, love, hate, sadness, do not exist. A world where sex, and drugs are an important part of society. Shakespeare, is unknown. The world family, or son or daughter, mom and dad, are disgusting vulgarities where people cringe at the mentioning of the word. They do not exist because they use the mind, and that causes instability. Community, Stability, and Identity is the slogan. In the book, which takes place in Oceania, (present day Europe) where World Controllers run each World State, and manufacture humans and predestine them to be either Alpha, whom are the most intelligent, Beta, and Delta. Each of these groups serves their own purpose and cannot move up or down the chain. The story focuses around Bernard Marx, an alpha male, who is shorter for an alpha male, rumors are that he had alcohol inserted into his surrogate. He is having trouble with his job, and is close to getting banished. He has an attachment to an alpha female, which is unorthodox because relationships do not exist and only promiscuity.He takes her on a trip to a savage reservation, where he discovers an unattractive large female whom he discovers to be the Director of Hatchery's girlfriend whom he got pregnant and left her on the reservation. Her son John, fascinates Bernard and Lenina, and they take him and his mother back to Oceania where they confront the Director, whom is terribly embarrassed and resigns. John and Bernard become instant celebrities, and the whole society focuses on them. When John realizes that society is not what he thought it was, he goes crazy, and tries to cause unrest and invoke change. Both John and Bernard soon fall out of the popular light, and the famous line John exclaims ""Oh what a world, with such people in it!"" before taking his own life.This book is amazing as it shows the dangers that our world is in. Keep in mind this book was written decades back and it shows what we are or could be turning into. Drugs and sex are becoming acceptable to young people, people are getting divorced, the world, the Brave New World seems it may be coming to be less fiction and more truth. In the book, they condition the people from he moment they are embryos, to not have emotions, to not think, to be promiscuous, and not to fear death, but to see it as joyful. Everyday we are conditioned to think in certain ways just like the book. Advertisement, which is all around us, is also propaganda, which influences the way people think and feel. Is Aldous Huxley a prophet or a fiction writer? It is hard to tell. This book, although typically read as a mandatory reading for high school, is a very well written science fiction that provokes thought and discussion. I enjoyed this book very much and saw it as a necessity for all people to read. Awareness, is a key to prevention."
"Brave New World, the title taken from the famous Shakespearian play, The Tempest, succeeds on a grand scale what so many other similar books have failed to do.  1984 was not as believable; Fahrenheit 451 was not as bold or daring.  Brave New World stands on its own plateau as the greatest, most imaginative and believable book ever written about mind control and the future. It begins with a detailed and often confusing description of the world Huxley has created in the future.  People are divided into a caste system.  Identities are eroded away.  Life is made simple and easy.  People are free of pressure and pain, and left to themselves to indulge in pleasure.  Sex and drugs run rampant, but they are ""controlled.""  Everyone belongs to everyone else.  Emotions exist to a limit, love does not develop.  Stability and happiness are the substitutes for freedom and individuality.  Children are conditioned young to think and behave in the way society would want them to, according to the caste they were born into.  There is little crime, all seems perfect.....right?The second part of the novel takes us to a world called the ""Reservation."" This world exists outside of the civilized world.  This is our world as we know it.  John, a ""savage"" from the outside world is brought into the ""Brave New World"" by two people taking a vacation.  One of them is Bernard.  Bernard is an outcast and teeters on the edge of rebellion, but lacks the courage to take a strong stand.  He is on vacation with Lenina.  She is a typical beautiful woman from the ""civilized"" world.  She is sexually active, like all the people in the ""civilized"" world, and feels a strong attraction to this new outsider.Bernard and Lenina take John back to their civilized world where John is given the dubious title of ""savage"" and invokes curiosity and fame from the people living there.  The rest of the novel is an attempt for John to adapt to the new philosophy and ideas of this new world.  He never does.  He reverts back to his individual self and plummets tragically towards despair and pain.  He cannot cope with the ""happiness and stability"" of this new world of the future.  He longs for the ""freedom and pain"" he had in his old world (which is a direct parallel to our world, and the ""new world"" is a parallel to the world Huxley envisioned for the future)The single most brilliant aspect of Brave New World is how deeply it grasps us in its philosophy and vision.  Finally a book you can think on, think with, and think long after you are done reading it.  There are two contrasting views presented here.  It is difficult to decide which view we support.  Is it the safe, happy, ""new world"" views of no individuality, but safety and pleasure galore?  Or do we sympathize more with the ""old world"" views of freedom, pain, and individuality.  Before reading this book, I would have definitely leaned towards freedom and individuality, of course, but Huxley does one hell of a job describing the benefits of the other side as well.The real choice, as Huxley intended, was for the reading to choose somewhere in the middle of the road.  There are positives and negatives to each societal view presented here.  The real truth is for us to decide.  The story is not preached at us, but rather is told is such a marvel of a way, it actually opens doors to for our mind to expand into the depths of our own selves and how we really view the world. This is stuff we don't think about enough, but we should.Another wonderful element Huxley uses is that of his main character, John.  He is not an outright hero by rebelling against this ""new society.""  He is an anti-hero, if you will.  He struggles with his own self doubt and inclination towards violent behavior.  It is all he knows, it is how he was raised.  In the end, he is overtaken with temptation, and abandons the morals he had previously fought so hard to protect.  Huxley exposes that we all have weakness and that no one is really a true hero.  John is one of the most complex characters in the history of fiction.  All the characters are beautiful and unique, and quite ironically, those who you would think to be the most ugly end up being the most likeable, and vice versa.I loved this book.  It doesn't settle for easy answers or easy solutions.  Huxley bravely attacks his material and does not let up the entire novel.  He has created a world like no other, a world that might not possibly be so unrealistic in the future if we don't watch ourselves.  This is a radiant and dazzling novel.  An intelligent and heartbreaking journey.  It is a Brave New World indeed.Grade: A"
"This book is quite simply on of the better sci-fi books that I have ever read. Aldous Huxley, has done a wonderful job predicting (back in 1932) what he thought might become of our world.The story starts of in Central London's Hatchery & Conditioning Centre. In this world, which takes place in approximately 2500 A.D. (or in the book 632 A.F.) people are 'made' in tubes, and conditioned in the way that they should go. Similar to 1984, the totalitarian government is based on a simple motto, ""Community, Identity, Stability"". Nonetheless, this government does not rule its people by force as in 1984 or Fahrenheit 451. Instead, the government provides it people with constant ""happiness"", thus ensuring social stability. There are five distinct groups that make up the ""Brave New World"" and each group has an intricate part in the social system. There are Alphas, Betas, Deltas, Gammas and Epsilons that make up the entire caste system. Basically the Alphas are bred in a way that suits them (they hold the most important positions) while the lower caste members are bred to be laborers. From their manufacture (or birth) these toddlers are conditioned in a number of ways in order to fit into their part of society. They are taught nearly everything that would condition them into having a happy life. From the early ages children are encouraged to partake in heavy sexual activity and drug use (and other vices that will keep them happy). The major aim of the government is to make the people happy, thus ensuring social stability.The story follows a few different characters, as they live in this world. In the beginning, the reader is introduced to Bernard Marx and Lenina, a man and woman living in this dystopia. The story follows their experiences in the world as they know it, and then it follows them into a trip to visit the Savages. Without giving too much of the story away, a new character emerges, John, who is a savage. The latter half of the book deals with his experience in the ""other world""All in all, this book was a great read. I believe that Aldous Huxley did a wonderful job in predicting what the world would become. Although Orwell's 1984 gets more attention, Brave New World is a better vision of what our world has become. It is difficult to read the story without seeing allusions to our modern day government. For example, sexual promiscuity was used by the world state in order to distract people from the real problem. Arguably this is the same thing that is happening today. In the foreword (written in the early sixties) Huxley joked about ""marriage licenses being sold like dog licenses, good for a period of twelve moths, with no law against changing dogs."" Huxley speculated that as political and economic freedom diminishes sexual freedom usually increases. Similarly, people are encouraged to become involved in mindless activities in Huxley's world that includes drugs and music (similar to what goes on today). The point is, the happier that people are, the more unlike they are to care about what goes on around them. Huxley did a wonderful job of explaining this compared to our current state. This book should definitely be on every high school students reading list. It provides a fascinating account of religion, philosophy, and social stability wrapped into a great story. Read it!"
"Back when I was a  high school student, many many years ago, this book was on the reading list, but our teacher decided not to require us to read it, opting for the Great Gatsby and Hiroshima instead. So I went down to the local bookstore and purchased a copy to read on my own.Along with Sun-Tzu's The Art of War, I consider this book to be a good investment.The mark of Good Alternate History is seeing something that could have happened if things had gone a different way. How might the Civil War have gone had McClellan not lost his nerve before Richmond in 1862, or finished off Lee after Antietem? Or what if Robert E. Lee had accepted Lincoln's offer to command the union armies? Or what if Hitler had been asasinated? What if the Soviet Union had fallen to the Gemans? What if Ben Franklin formed the Albany Congress into a successful government during the French and Indian war? Or what if these brainless 'Drop of Ink' race laws that once dishonoured this great country were never adopted.The Mark of Good Science Fiction is seeing something that couldcome if we do or not do certain things.The science fiction shelves of every book store are packed with garbage of lazer beam robats and elves that will never happen. Some set in the future. Others set in the past or in alternate worlds. Garbage callsed sci-fis. Absolute trash.It is a rare book that can be called Science Fiction. Science fictin like Brave New World.Brave New World. Look at the news of our present world. The decline of moral values in today's society plus Dolly the sheep clones and the growing power of the UN. Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is coming unless we change. That makes this book great science fiction."
"Brave New World is one of the landmark books of the twentieth century, now widely regarded as a classic. Like many, I first read this book at school many years ago; it is a tribute to the power to the book that even after that experience I still hold it in high regard.Brave New World is Aldous Huxley's dystopian (not utopian) vision of the future (the far future when he originally wrote the book, although it seems much closer now). As such it blends together science fiction and social commentary.Huxley's future is one of universal happiness although it is a facile, passionless happiness. Children are created on a production line with their social status (denoted by Greek letters) predetermined; this social status is then reinforced through chemicals and conditioning (in their sleep). Happiness is maintained chemically (mainly through a drug called soma) and by allowing the people to lead largely responsibility free lives devoted to pleasure, principally sex. Physical perfection is the norm, nobody reads (or thinks), religion has disappeared (God manifests himself by his absence), and there is no conflict: it is a global society of peace, harmony and happiness for all.Into this world Huxley introduces his principle protagonist - John the Savage - a young man raised outside of this society. John is self-educated, largely through reading the works of Shakespeare. The book examines John's impact on this society (minimal) and its impact on him (huge and inevitably tragic).Huxley writes well and creates a compelling book describing a society that fascinates and repels. However, the book is not without problems - the characters have no depth (because they really do have no depth). John is an unrealistic, unconvincing character, he is only there to generate conflict. I suspect the passage of time has been unkind in this respect - we struggle to empathise with John, as his attitudes no longer reflect those of the reader. Huxley is not interested in people; he is interested in exploring the society. He does this effectively and entertainingly but this is not a character led story.Brave New World is often bracketed with 1984. This is a difficult comparison for Brave New World as Orwell is a better writer and 1984 is a much better book with a more complete and better-realised vision of the future. For much of the twentieth century 1984 also seemed to be a more accurate & realistic vision of the future but in my opinion that has changed. Today, the scenario envisaged by Brave New World seems quite prescient and much more likely - at least in the sense that happiness will be used to control society (at the expense of freedom).A great book and well worth reading - highly recommended"
"This famous novel appeared in 1931, in the uneasy period between the two World Wars, and has become a Twentieth Century Classic.  The story is a fable set far in the future of the dangers of materialism, an uncritical faith in science, and totalitarianism. At its most basic level, ""Brave New World"" is a satire on the possible course of communism (note the names of some of the main characters: Lenina and Marx) and a defense of classical liberalism.  In the early 1930's, in the midst of world-wide Depression, communism had considerable appeal to many writers.The people in Huxley's ""Brave New World"" are raised in test-tubes rather than ""vivaparously"" and sorted  before birth into various classes of differing capabilities.  An overriding feature of the society is sexual promiscuity and the absense of love and close emotional relationships.  Feelings of depression, anxiety, or loneliness are handled by a drug, soma. Classical works from mankind's ""primitive age"" including Shakespeare and the Bible are banned.  In their quiet but firm way, the leaders of the sociey enforce conformity and consumption.  The society's heroes are Ford -- whose name is used in many oaths -- and Marx.Huxley describes his society with a great deal of detail which makes his dystopia (a term for a negative utopia) seem convincing.  The writing is sharply-drawn and satirical with passages of real eloquence near the end of the book when Huxley discusses his vision, at that time of his career, of human possiblilty and freedom. The plot of the book centers upon a character called the Savage who is brought to England from a primitive Indian reservation in New Mexico where, somehow, he has read Shakespeare and practiced a combination of ancient Indian ritual and Christianity.  He falls in love with a woman named Lenina.  One of Lenina's sexual companions is Bernard Marx, who has developed doubts about the totalitarian society in which he finds himself and ultimately is banished.This novel is subject to a multitude of interpretations. Huxley's dystopia differs greatly from the forms of totalitarianism that have plagued the world in the Twentieth Century.  In some respects, Huxley's dystopia seems mild compared to them.  Furthermore, I don't think it useful to take Huxley as a critique or as a description of, say, current society in the United States or in England. There are many differences between our world and Huxley's dystopia, and it is not clear to me that we are headed in the direction ""Brave New World"" feared.I think ""Brave New World"" shows that even with a smiling face and taken at its best, a totalitarian society is a horrible affair in its denial of individuality, love, and spirituality. The dystopia is a paradigm to be avoided more than a prophecy of the way some cultures may be headed or a description and condemnation of a current state of things.I found Huxley's forward to ""Brave New World"" written twenty years after the book highly enlightening and a perceptive review of the famous work he wrote as a young man.  Huxley critiques his novel for presenting an ""either-or"" situation which did not fully consider options either to the Savage's reservation life, with its attachment to superstition, or to the ""Brave New World.""  In particular, Huxley argues in his forward that a life or religious reflection and contemplation is the best way to avoid the horns of the dilema set forth in his novel. Huxley came to believe in natural (non-revealed) religion and in the possiblity of approaching the transcendent through individual experience.  Thus, in his forward, Huxley writes with respect to going around the horns of the dilemma of ""Brave New World"": ""Religion would be the conscious and intelligent pursuit of man's Final End, the unitive knowledge of the immanent Tao or Logos, the transcendent Godhead or Brahman.""  Huxley also supported economic decentalization and was highly critical of the passions of nationalism.I found it revealing to consider how Huxley's thinking developed over the years from ""Brave New World"" as suggested in his forward. Huxley went on to explore human consciousness through the use of the drug mescaline -- ironically given his treatment of the drug,soma, in ""Bave New World"" and wrote about it in his book ""The Doors of Perception.""  But I think Huxley's ultimate thoughts were expressed in his anthology ""The Perennial Philosophy"" -- a collection of mystical writings from many traditions.  Huxley saw in the path of contemplation a way open to all people regardless of creed to experience the divine and to come to an understanding of themselves. This was his ultimate path to wisdom and to avoiding the perils set out in the ""Brave New World""."
There were these characters in the book who felt the world was becoming spiritually empty with progressive degradation of moral values. He did not understand why he made both wrong and right choices in his personal life in the past but these experiences strenthened his belief that something needed to change. However his conscience was clear that even the wrong choices that he made in life were never to cross the limits outside his personal life and noted that a lot of the stories floating around were untrue. Outside his personal life he strived to inculcate positive values and supress negative emotions and never realized that his personal life would be a book open to judgement. And his conscience was always very hard on himself and sometimes on others too when he saw that things could be better - which a lot of people took personally and started despising him. He did realize that being hard on ones own and other peoples negative emotions and beliefs was to be separated from negativity against the identity as a whole. What he did not realize (despite ironically never wanting to be in the limelight or be attracted to power) was that a strange twist of circumstances would bring him in the middle of the storm. Hopefully good will come out of all this and we can avoid becoming this dystopian world which Aldous Huxley envisioned.
"In Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, the creation of a perfect society many years into the future consists of no sadness, no marriage, sexual freedom, pre-determined social castes, and access to ""soma"" for psychologically envisioned vacations. All of the members of society are constructed in a laboratory and are led by World Controllers, under the great Ford. There is no religion, there is no love, there are no ideas-- these are dangerous for a utopian world. In order for all people to be content, happy citizens, they must be controlled. They must be all the same. Bernard Marx is different. His differences from the others make him search for something more in his life. When he takes a trip to New Mexico to observe the ""savages"" (who get married, have children, etc.) he encounters two people that end up returning to the civilized life with him. One of the savages, John, ends up despising the way of life that Bernard and others live, and struggles to fight against what he believes is insanity.Huxley's invented society is curious, but not at all impressive. There were not significant details or striking differences from normal society, although due to the time the book was written, the ideas that were provided do deserve credit. It was also very difficult to like any of the characters. The reader was not able to get close with any of them, let alone Bernard or John, who were the significant to the outcome of the story. Neither character exemplified a lot of heart or personality, and when the story was over, the reader did not really feel for either of them.The reading level of the book is not as hard as one might expect, and if you are looking for a challenge, don't look here. This is a quick and easy read that does not require much thought. For all you 1984 fans like myself, this book is not a comparison. It probably could best be described as a third grade version of 1984, with less interesting ideas and less complicated conflicts. It was a decent story and I am glad that I have read it, but I don't really know how this book received as much recognition as it did. It's kind of like one of those ""ehh"" books that you read and sort of forget about. If someone asked you about it, you'd probably think for a couple seconds, ""Brave New...what?"""
"I am a student at Mercy High School in Middletown, CT.  I found ""Brave New World"" interesting, although one of the more confusing books I have read, and I didn't understand the ending until I read it a couple of times.  I understood what was happening when I had finished the book and was writing a summary because it gave me time to think over the plot.  What I liked was that ""Brave New World"" was short and I could read it fairly quickly.  I wouldn't say that it is my favorite book, but I do not regret reading it.  It wasn't the science fiction that I usually read, but I can see why, for its time, it would be considered science fiction.  However, I don't think it would be science fiction today because cloning is already such a big part of modern science that reading about it doesn't have the same effect that it would have had in the fifties or sixties.  You would all enjoy the book which makes you think about what happiness really is -- being safe or being free?"
If you liked 1984 you'll love this novel. It is graphic and scary and the end takes you by surprise.
"In this widely read novel, Mr Huxley portrays a world as it could be far in the future. The World Controllers have created the perfect society with strict regulations ensuring that human beings lead an ideal and happy life. Through the use of genetic engineering, brainwashing, sex end the ""soma"" drug, all the members of this utopian society are happy consumers. Yet some very few people have a pressing urge to question the whole system. Bernard Marx for instance can't help having a feeling of discontent, harbouring a desire for solitude and a distaste for the pleasures of promiscuity. He has a longing to break free. Perhaps a visit to one of the remaining Savage Reservations where the old and imperfect life has been preserved will be the cure for Bernard's distress.In the same vein, readers may enjoy H.G. Wells's ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"" or Ray Bradbury's ""Fahrenheit 451""."
"There was once a person in this world who felt no one individual was indispensable and that no one deserved to attract as much attention and curiosity as he or certain other people did. He did not believe that ideologies resided within people but rather felt that ideologies move forward in time with their own momentum and humans are but only vehicles for what is destined to be. He considered that everyone is totally entitled to whatever choice of words they may use to refer to this momentum, whether it be chance or fate or destiny or something larger. And he believed that lynching human beings does not abolish any given way of thinking for the same reasons. He was an ordinary man and believed that he was only human with both good and bad qualities, like any other. He was surprised and deeply pained to see all this hatred directed against him and others around him and this thirst for blood and he wondered why it had to be this way. He never thought of himself as being a polarizing figure but rather someone who always strived to seek middle ground in everything by trying to look at things from all perspectives including reading different viewpoints and attempting to look at both the good and bad in what he saw and believed there were other human beings in this world who shared his way of thinking. He had always felt that considering all perspectives on any arguable issue including attempting to look at and actually live life differently for a change was acceptable. He wished everyone would let him move on with his life to where he would not be attracting attention and controversy and deeply hoped that things for everyone around him would return to where they were before this started. He sincerely hoped that this was not too much to ask. The only criticism of this book is that one wishes that Aldous Huxley had not written the end they way that he did. However there is no question that the end was written the way that it was in order to strengthen the impression that this is nevertheless a piece of fiction!"
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World deals with a future world where humans come from their test tubes, not from their parents and everything is 'in its right place', in neat order and operates properly. However, there lurks some kind of abnormally normal way of life, way of thinking in people living in that world of ""community, identity, stability"". This book uncovers that aspect of future with vivid details and its original sarcasm.The whole events comes into reader's vision in almost real settings, which renders the author's explanation plausibility. Furthermore, the interesting way he uses his words, doubled with the plausible explanation mentioned above, acts as a gravity that pulls the reader closer to that world.The protagonist's death -John Savage's suicide- definitely lacks the power to be called 'closure', though. What's worse, there is no surprise at all: no accident, sudden change, or unexpected event, and that might bore many readers.Huxley's Brave New World depicts the future society of abnormal mormalcy and certainly will intrigue many readers but who hates SF, or not ready to plunge themselves into the deep ocean of suprising strangeness and fearful similarity to our present society."
"Complete moral degredation of society? Dimwits zealots interspersed with egotistical invaders of privacy and the silly immature masses of disgusting protoplasm seeking fun at others' expense, all trapped in the tragic duplicity and hypocrisy of their own self-glorified beliefs...the self-proclaimed intellectual class, the so-called saviors of modern society? Too much information for your retarded brains to comprehend?"
there were corollary tendency. without sshining light the new generation do you? uh?
"I am both very disappointed and glad that it took me so long to read this book. Disappointed because I am absolutely in love with it, and though I just finished it yesterday, want to read it again. Glad because I read it when I was old enough to really understand and value it.Huxley was writing dystopian novels before there was a WORD for dystopia. He was writing about a birth control pill BEFORE there was birth control. He was writing about how controlling governments will destroy society BEFORE the 2012 Republican candidates pretty much decided they wanted to take rights away from everyone, all the time. This man is so far ahead of his time, and so many people draw from his work, but no one really gives him the attention that they should.Besides its awesome story line, the book is written in such a fascinating way. The writing itself sounds mechanical, like the people living in his world. It's repetitive and monotonous but always enthralling. How he manages to accomplish both is completely beyond my scope of understanding. And yet in the middle of that he creates several characters that you are both attached to, and also disgusted by in some way. But you feel bad being disgusted by them, because they can't fight their conditioning.It's terrifying in its accuracy of what will become of the world, and brilliant in its use of science to show that nothing is more dangerous than our own ambition. If I reread this book today I am certain I see even more things that I missed before. I anticipate this being one of the most-read books in my life."
"One of my favorite books to read, I recommend every single person in America to read this fantastic novel.Crazy how we have been heading in this direction for a while :/I want to read more by Huxley"
"I read this after reading 1984. It took a while to get into it and I wasn't as gripped as I was when I read 1984. It seemed to advance at a slow pace up until the death of Linda, and then following that it ended rather quickly. The best part of the book is the dialogue between the Savage and Mustapha Mond. A lot of things came sharply into focus at that point.While 1984 showed us a picture of Totalitarian control through force, and intimidation, Brave New World shows us Totalitarian control by making it's citizens so happy and well entertained that they willingly forgo their personal freedom. But the great cost is that they lose their dignity, morality, personal connections, and emotions. In other words they lose their humanity. People will do anything to be happy and will even give up the truth, that's where Soma comes in. Huxley's world is one where the primary good is happiness and stability. Truth and happiness are incompatible, as are freedom and happiness. Yet I kept thinking that it was a false choice. But that does depend on how you define truth. Huxley's book is in some ways more of a satire than a dystopian society. It carries a liberal consumer society and powerful state to it's logical conclusion. Like 1984 it reminds us to be wary of giving governments too much control and power, especially over new technologies. Those who wield power seldom relinquish it and most frequently use it further their own ends, even at the expense of others.I enjoyed the book and it was a lot less gloomy than 1984 - even with the terrible ending! It's one of those books everyone should read."
"This is a tough read if your head's not in the right place, but a good book. I'll read it again someday."
"Brave New World is the most unusual novel that I have ever read. As one who has been a reader for a very long time, this was by far the most odd, slightly scary honestly in its intelligence and it is completely AWEsome. I've read all types of novels- from older to the more modern, and Aldous Huxley (though so far this is the only novel by him that I've read) is easily the best author. His writing- though with beautiful, high vocabulary and complex sentences- is easy to understand. The novel is simply beautiful in the way that it makes you look inside your society and yourself and showers a variety of different views on you without making it seem overwhelming. I had to read this book for school and I don't think my school could have chosen a better required reading novel. It spans many ages probably around 13+ and I totally recommend it."
"As a senior in high school, I read this book between the ages of 17 and 18 years old.It is a fascinating book written by a man in the early 20 th century who was years ahead of his time."
"Evokes thinking and pondering about the future. Should the young be pre-conditioned for a certain future, a preselected destiny? Is there a certain social order that should be observed? Does it exist already? Should critical thinking be preserved? Should classics like the Bible and Shakespeare be banned in future societies to ""control the masses""? How does sex fit in the future? Do we all ""belong to each other"" or is romantic love between two people the ideal? All explored in this slim, fast read."
"Brave New World, Aldous Huxley [1894-1963]; Harper & Brother (1932; First Perennial Classic [HarperCollins Publishers paperback edition] 1998)Mustapha Mond, first quoting Cardinal Newman [UK, 1801-90]; then the philosopher Maine de Biran [France, 1766-1824]; then explaining to the Savage (John) that every negative thing that would formerly build character had been eliminated for the citizens of the world in After Ford 632 (pp. 232-40):[Newman] "" 'We are not our own... we did not make ourselves, we cannot be supreme over ourselves... that we are our own?  It may be thought by the young & prosperous.  These [they] may think it a great thing to have everything... their own way - to depend on no one... But as time goes on, they, as all men, will find that independence was not made for man - that it... will not carry us safely to the end...'[Biran] "" 'The religious sentiment tends to develop as we grow older; to develop because, as the passions calm... our reason becomes less troubled in its working, less obscured by the images, desires & distractions, in which it used to be absorbed; whereupon God emerges... our soul feels, sees, turns toward the source of all light... for now that all that gave to the world of sensations its life & charms has begun to leak away from us...'""Mustapha Mond shut the book... 'One of the numerous things... that these philosophers didn't dream about was this... us, the modern world.'[Probably quoting Newman:] "" 'You can only be independent of God while you've got youth & prosperity; independence won't take you safely to the end.'""Well, we've now got youth & prosperity right up to the end.  What follows?  Evidently, that we can be independent of God.  'The religious sentiment will compensate us for all our losses.'  But there aren't any losses for us to compensate; religious sentiment is superfluous.  And why should we go hunting for a substitute for youthful desires, when youthful desires never fail?... What need have we of... consolation, when we have soma?...""And there's always soma to calm your anger, to reconcile you to your enemies, to make you patient & long-suffering.  In the past, you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort & after years of hard moral training.  Now you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets... Anyone can be virtuous now...""*****They exist everywhere on earth.  But in my lifetime (probably by default because I had left my home town of New York City, for good, in 1994), they made the greatest impression in 2007, in California, north of San Diego at the renowned race track, Del Mar:The 50-year-old teenagers, the plastic surgery-processed men & women whose flamboyant insignificance & amber-encased, recycled teenage preening fueled much of the animation in the paddock before each race.It was a scary sight, ever more so potent because of its contrast to what was admirable in the same environment: the adults of various ages whose hard-won maturity & tempered cadence of speech suggested their survival after episodes of unavoidable adversity.(As a rule of thumb, they tended to be the ones presenting the show & running the business: the trainers, grooms, ushers, waiters, tellers, & other employees of the track.  But no generalization, however sincere, can faithfully depict such a complicated spectrum of so many people at such a sizeable arena.  Still, the impression persists.)Aldous's Brave New World survived its own initial adverse reviews in the 1930s & rightly remains a classic - one that I first read in the 1960s & then again only recently, well over forty years later.  How amazing it was that as the re-reading progressed, so much of it had not been forgotten; so little of it has been debunked.Post Note (12/08/12): Kyle Smith's article (NY Post April 29, 2012) on Huxley's remarkable prescience - and how, often, he had overestimated how much coercion, if any, it would take to get people in the 26th Century to cooperate with the omnipotent rulers of the Brave New World - is recommended.Post Note (09/26/13): An horse owner with a sense of humor is currently running ""Easy Virtue"" in the American races; ""Easy"" at 9-1 came in 4th at Monmouth Park on 09/21/13."
"The first time I ever read Brave New World, I thought it was quite a confusing book. I couldn't understand the structure of the society described and why the characters did the things they did. Now that I am older, I have a much better understanding of what was being described in the novel. The importance of individualism and being naturally human is implied in the story. John the Savage may be the perfect example of how real humans would react to such a negative society as described in the book. Aldous Huxley was a genius in his ability to incorporate such philosophical arguments into a story that people of all ages could enjoy.Zachary B. MedinaAuthor of Decador"
"I tried to read this back in high-school (it wasn't mandatory), but was never able to finish it, but I'm not really sure why. But even so, the name of the book and the general concept stayed, so I finally decided to finish what I started, even if it took me 30 years.With various oversights, it would be accurate to say that much of this feels like it could have been written ""today"" (relative). Some funky language and stilted dialog are easy to overlook. I don't know if that was deliberate on the authors part (his own version of ""newspeak""), or just 80 years of progress...Also necessary to overlook is some of the technology. Altho the author is making a social commentary, and not technological predictions, the technology presented is not as deeply ingrained as it currently is.When you read this, written 80 years ago, and think that the first test-tube baby was still 40 years in the future, you get an idea of the foresight the author had.Perhaps every older generation will bemoan the direction of the new generation, but while reading the book, simply follow the depictions of promiscuity, abandonment of ethical morals, and various other social issues depicted in this book, it would not be far fetched to agree with that.My complaints for this book is two-fold:About three-quarters into the book, after the introduction of Mr. Savage, the focus is completely upon him. What becomes of those earlier characters we met?The ending is abrupt. I think I do understand the ideas behind the final chapter(s), which we can discuss in comments, if anyone would be so inclined, as I don't want to give away the whole thing, but I do kinda wish it was wrapped up in a more substantial way...All told and done, this is one of those books which should be on everyone's ""must read"" list, but I doubt I will re-visit this particular book at any point in the grim and morally bankrupt future."
"Obviously the first Chichester subsumes your knowledge ofchirally identified dna fullerene polymers.Hard to filter..  Given the Anfinsen graft and ectopic seizureshown at 6 of Jones..  a trace.The moral seizure of ocular brain dysfunction on the dock toMontauk assures the driver passes up the yellow cake andmainframes you are being so dutiful about.Your Artemis Yahoo is a floating tachyonic decimal point.I think you get the ppoint..  Psychiatric penal plenaries arelike you, krc, visitor, welcome in the birefringence of thissentence.Your are formaldehyde tupperware conveyers.  anti cash rootmechanics after omniscient advertisement...  the eeg echelonracket you fell into so innocently.Memento mori continuum, remember innocence.You are interdimensional travelers with free lance presscredential of the tachycardia probe.  Feel of it.  You willfind yourself in a hypnotic reverie of restless limbsthen a crouch trying the thigh muscles to stand.  The Borneabromelia is blooming next to the Arabidopsis.No flourescent dyes today, eh?adv."
"I liked this book because, even though it is a historical classic, its relevance spans decades.  Perhaps its a bit eccentric in its view of the future, but none in that genre would be readable without an element of exasperated disbelief.  I enjoyed the book, but I would recommend 1984 or Animal Farm, for their similar messages, before I would recommend this book."
"I just finished reading Brave New World.Here is my take on it.Huxley was an aristocrat from the upper echelons of British society. He was extremely well-heeled. His family was incredibly distinguished in politics, arts and science.No doubt Huxley, like his peers, also kept vivid memories about the horrors of World War I, the Great War. Indeed, Brave New World was written during the inter-war period. The gruesome nature of WW1 left its indelible mark on every living person in Europe.Being an aristocrat, and witnessing the horrors of WW1, Huxley was desparately afraid of the complete breakdown of the hierarchical society in which he was so comfortably placed. It is clear that he was terrified, for example, by the prospect of biological weapons spoiling everything. (By his own admission he did not forsee nuclear weapons, thank goodness.)The Bolshevik revolution in Russia, with the rise of the working man, must have also played heavily on this young aristocrat's mind.Also, the development of awesome new technology such as the mass production of automobiles and other consumer goods seemed to signal, to Huxley, a breakdown in conventional society in which the great refined men of arts and science dominated.So, Brave New World is Huxley's reaction to these traumatic events. The book is his concept of what would happen if you combine the horrors of modern warfare, the rise of the working class, and the advent of high technology.But, you see, it did not turn out like that. Nothing like it.Huxley remained convinced, for example, that society had to be stratified into classes. Well, sir, it doesn't. Notice in Brave New World the prominence of Alphas and the lowly status of the Epsilons. Well, lo and behold, the real-life Huxley was an Alpha-Plus!Huxley simply could not envision a society in which a person of modest background could become an Alpha-Plus through hard work, grit, and innate intelligence. Huxley believed that Alpha-Plus's were born as Alpha-Plus's and Epsilon's were born as Epsilon's, as simple as that.So, the fact that babies are decanting from bottles in Brave Bew World as Alphas, Deltas, Gammas, and Epsilons is actually a strange comfort to Huxley. Although he realizes that the concept is an abhorrent one, the bottom line is that the class hierarchy is preserved in Huxley's Brave New World, to his advantage! Isn't that interesting?Well, I could go on, but I have made my main point. I could say that the novel is poorly written. Or I could say that most of what Huxley forsaw did not turn out to be true and most of what turned out to be true Huxley did not forsee. But that would be unfair, and once could level the same criticism at Jules Verne and H.G. Wells without really getting anywhere.So, I leave with the final thought of the day...Huxley did not believe in the concept that human spirit is distributed equally into all of us, from the poorest of the poor to the richest of the rich. Huxley believed that the lion's share of the spirit went to the aristocratic class. That is why they are the aristocrats: because at birth they received the lion's share of human spirit! Well, balderdash to you, Mr Huxley. Your Brave New World will never come to pass because you and your ilk and never going to be put back in charge."
"I first read this book while I was a freshman in high school and it was the first book I read that really made me question society. I remember thinking, ""wow, this could happen."" Several years later when I was in college I had to read it for a Politics and the Arts class. After reading lots of really good literature, I found Brave New World to be a little less well-written than I had once thought. However, I now appreciate the storyline much better and I can now see how society is moving toward this type of society. If you enjoy dystopian literature I recommend this one."
"3 1/2 StarsReplace soma with television, harvest centers with embrionic stem cell research and controllers with the United Nations and you know where we stand right?This is a very light and entertaining book that will only take a few hours to finish, but you will think about it for many more.  Its dystopian entertainment value more than makes up for its simplistic writing style."
"A technologically advanced London is the primary setting of the novel.  In this kind of futuristic, but kind of ""now"" society, science has become the tyrant of human behavior. Those in control in the New World abuse technology that was once intended to make human life easier, in order to force others to become their slaves.  Aldous Huxley ridicules how technology, over time, can serve as a replacement for everything.  In the story religion, art, and even the mother's womb are easily replaced by the novel's brand of science.  Huxley points out, as our world continues to grow and develop, we too can easily fall into the abusive mannerisms as described in the novel.  The secondary setting is a Reservation of savages in New Mexico, which is rather primitive, compared to the New World.  The change in setting is significant because it emphasizes the contrast between the two opposite sides of the man and machine spectrum, one side being extremely primitive and the other side extremely technologically advanced.  Huxley writes the novel in a third person omnipresent, and places a few oddball characters just to stir up the plot.  This allows the reader to experience and share many different character's experiences as well as view and criticize all their different view points on the society they live.  This is an amazing book, a definite read for anyone that has some spare time on their hands."
"Woweee! This'n were good, sure nuff. I'd learn y'all bout what a good'n it were, but I's gots t'go. Be good, y'all."
"huxley's brave new world is a story about the future world and how messed up it will be. 'civilization', as it is called in the novel, is all about sacrificing art, love, and beauty for artificial happiness.the plot was slow to pick up from the start [and, actually, it never did pick up] and very confusing. it was also a very dirty book and a dark portrayal of the future world. in the novel, all humans are created in embryo factories, babies are hypnotized and given electric shocks, children are taught erotic play, and everyone is constantly high on a drug named soma. the book's vivid descriptions of sex, drugs, and violence really make you wonder what kind of man huxley was.aside from my personal prejudices, the story itself was pretty lame in that NOTHING HAPPENED. what huxley provided us with was a 300-page description of the ""future"".not much of a satire and not very witty either."
"Aldous Huxley has some pretty caustic observations to share about industrial society in this futuristic novel.  In his Brave New World, happiness is the supreme good, industry and science have made happiness possible for all, and as a result mankind is diminished.  Most of the book was rather slow going for me but the ""trial"" scene where the Controller explains himself to the Savage was worth sticking around for.  I also enjoyed reading how a writer of the 1930s imagined technology 600 years hence: people traveling in helicopters and rocket planes, going to the ""feelies"" for entertainment, and so on."
"Brave New World Written by Aldous Huxley is a novel based around cloning and reproduction. The author, having written the book in 1932 was not an expert in this field , therefore, some of his theories in reproduction are a little far fetched, but yet creative! The story takes place in London in 2540 a.d.; referred to in the novel as 632 years ""After Ford,"" meaning 632 years after the production of the first Model T car.The novel exists in a strictly man made society.  There is no existing thing in this society as sexual reproduction, all members are made only by the production of the scientists in the London Hatchery and Conditioning Center. Here where the ""humans"" are made they are also conditioned.  Each human is made for a sole purpose wether it be to be a scientist or a janitor. The idea of this Utopian society is just another way to display how these societies fail.This novel is filled with symbolism and allegories.  It's scientifical ideas will give you a chuckle because of the scary similarity we are to cloning itself when this book was thought of as mere imagination when it was written. It is not that of a lengthy book although some may get frustrated with the made up terminology.  I would recommend this book to someone with a taste in imagination, creativity a knack for science and a person who can enjoy a good fiction story."
"I had to read Brave New World by Aldous Huxley in my English 102 class. Excellent book! It was written in 1932, but is set a few hundred years into the future. Don't let its futuristic setting fool you, for it isn't a sci-fi novel. Instead, Brave New World explores the consequences of our consumer society, and the government's ability to distract the masses by keeping them happy and drugged. There is a lot of social satire that is very relevant to modern readers. You'll find yourself counting all the fictional predictions that came true. Brave New World is a short read, but I highly recommend it to anybody interested in good literature. It will make you think."
"The main thrust of this novel is a description of a future where social stability is the primary concern of the ""World State."" People are altered prior to birth to fit into castes of different ability and social strata. Pain and suffering are much reduced by eliminating the emotion involved in personal interactions, filling leisure time so that people don't have time to think, and by using the drug soma. The characters and plot are incidental to the description of the World State.Although this novel is interesting, and possibly ahead of its time, the passage of time has seen this type of future and its variations depicted many times in mostly bad science fiction books, movies, and television shows. Because of this, it is nearly impossible to approach this book with a fresh eye."
It was just the way the seller described.  Received on time without an issue
"Don't waste your time with virtual life, when you have the real thing threatening you all around (or threatening others). If the story had been true fiction, it would at least have entertained, but being what it is we'd do better by standing as a watch-tower does, than by hiding our heads in the ground like an ostrich.This kind of story makes a genre by itself. In the line of Orwell's ""1984"", a picture of the future society totally dehumanized. People are conditioned, even genetically selected to fit into the master plan of the world leaders. The individual has been abolished in the interest of the society. A book for people who don't vote, because they are busy working to pay taxes; or who are gullible enough to believe the demagoguery of the left, or who are too cynic to expect anything good from side, all of these ostriches could do well reading it. It's not what I call good literature, but ostriches wouldn't like it if it were so.On the other hand, this kind of stories are way outdated. Reality has caught up with it. Look around folks. What's the need of reading about it when our world is imbued in it?It reminds me of the joke about the preacher (I heard from Peter Kreeft). The preacher is preaching about Heaven so fervently, when he is offered the chance to go to Heaven right away or keep preaching. He chooses to keep preaching. Not that the Brave New World is Heaven, on the contrary, but it serves to illustrate what I mean.A good story doesn't mean good literature. But a poor story can sure be good literature if it has the right story-teller. I believe this book had the impact it had for its political message, its implications. Personally, it bored me. I felt like reading a medicine book of the 1800's. Jules Verne at least was more fun."
"Brave New WorldThe `Foreword' explains why this novel was not rewritten to get rid of its faults: it could lose its merits! Aldous Huxley used the class-based society of England and projected it far into the future with modern references. Aldous Huxley imagined a sort of ""scientific breeding"" that seems to mock science. Dumping children to the care of lower class servants had a long history there, it is divorced from maternal care. [Does it work? Reports say this has a bad influence on children's development.] The name of Pavlov is strangely missing from this novel. Huxley says the problem for totalitarian states is to make their subjects love their servitude. Too bad he didn't live to see today's conditioning by advertising and other behavior modifications (like cell phones which let Big Government hear and locate you). Huxley claimed a diminished political and economic freedom leads to sexual freedom, but offered no proof. Orwell's ""1984"" handled this much better.Most of the book shows Huxley's skill at an imagined future, a parody of the world of the 1920s (whose faults created the Great Depression). ""Tracking"" of students has been around for decades (their future is decided in kindergarten). Advertising sells everything from ordinary objects to candidates and political beliefs. Advertising creates ""peer pressure"", people who believe and think as they are told. Many people are no longer skeptical of corporate advertising; this might be the result of their schooling. Whoever controls the media influences the thinking of most people. Almost everything in newspapers, radio, and television is controlled by advertising, and advertising is controlled by Big Corporations and the men who own it. They are the equivalent of the nobility of past centuries who controlled the lives of their serfs and servants.There are many echoes of real history in this clever story. Such as the surprise played on that Director by a long-lost relative (echoes of 19th century novels?). The office politics reflect unchanging human nature. But the ending chapters don't ring true to me. Certainly notoriety affects people's lives. The gawking of the ignorant and uninformed is always a problem for anyone in the news. Even if they are only show business performers! Huxley was correct in having an opiate that tranquilized people but damaged their health. Who will heed this warning? The use of chemical food was another subtle satire; they knew then of those dangers. One thing missing is the Secret Police to force people into desired behavior patterns by constant surveillance. Orwell was more realistic about England and the world of 1948. He talked about the ""hate of the week"" used to control people's minds and memories. Most people are ever happy unless they have someone to hate. Does anyone remember the war scare in May 1994? Next month the murder of two unknown people was heavily advertised to make people forget about the more relevant threat of a possible nuclear war."
"This remarkable book was written around 1931.  As far as I know, it is the earliest of the modern utopia novels (""1984"" and ""Fahrenheit 451"" for example).  You may not want to read my review if you haven't yet read the book,or don't want to be exposed to a summary of it:It is a story, centered in London, of a world where life is lived out in controlled, contented bliss.  Genetic engineering contributes to a smoothly functioning caste system.  Sexual promiscuity is the norm, even instilled in children.  Birth control is the norm.  Behavior altering drug use is the norm.  Physical attractiveness is at a premium and youth is artificially preserved throughout lifespan.  Materialistic consumption is prized.  Entertainment occupies non-work hours but does NOT include reading.  Independent thinking is unacceptable.  ""God"" has been replaced by ""Ford"", literally (science and industry!, not superstition).A couple of characters are introduced, who behave counter to the culture. They eventually are banished.  We get a glimpse into the true thoughts of a World Controller, who has a safe containing BOOKS.  A central character (The Savage) is introduced, having been imported from the undeveloped American Southwest.  Although a primitive, he was self-educated through study of an ancient volume of Shakespeare.  He is rather pan-theistic, worshipping an assortment of gods that he has became aware of, including the Christian God.  (He seems to be doing the best he can with the information he has). His love relationship with a beautiful but totally indoctrinated London girl destroys him (he is chaste - she is a cookie cutter product of the society and he is appalled by her ready sexual promiscuity).In the end, The Savage cannot function in this society and takes his own life.  The reader may assume that the society absorbs the entertainment available from this event and moves on blissfully.Who wins, who is happy, who is right?  My conclusion: If there is no God, the pleasure seeking utopians were right on track.  The Savage was a superstitious primitive who squandered his life and a multitude of opportunities for fun and happiness.  Conversely, if a Creator Deity does exist (whom The Savage clearly sought with a whole heart), then it would appear that The Savage moved on to a superior state, and indeed had lived out his whole life in a superior fashion of obedience.  The utopians live out their reward in the present state, squandering eternity.The Bible (mentioned in the novel, a copy hidden in the Controller's safe) asserts that The Creator is self evident through his creation, and all who reject him are without excuse.  Correspondingly, there are multiple allusions in the novel to fascination with nature, such as the night sky.  Such interest is supressed by the utopian society or course.  I think that is the bottom line of Huxley's Brave New World. Living for this world (serving self), or living for the greater, unseen one (serving God).  A great matter of faith, and the essence of all decision making."
"When ""Brave New World"" was published in 1932, the West had just experienced its first taste of mass production (the assembly line), mass consumption (fueled by rampant use of credit), the first historical wave of female emancipation, the post-Victorian disintegration of some sexual taboos (The Roaring Twenties), promising new scientific research, the Bolshevik Revolution and World War I (""The War to End All Wars""). Deftly extrapolating from these and other economic and social developments, Aldous Huxley conjured a literary masterpiece that foretold: the genetic experimentation of the Nazis, the mapping of the human genome, artificial insemination, the God Is Dead Movement, 24/7 mass media that highlights celebrity and pop culture, creation of the European Union, the arrival of the global economy and its need for increased worker productivity, pure recreational sex (a recent USA poll of men and women listing the top ten reasons for engaging in it makes no mention of procreation), and - most ominously - mass acceptance of legal pharmaceuticals by millions of the Earth's inhabitants as an emotional crutch of first resort.""Brave New World"", however, is much more than a parlor trick of successful prognostication; it is a cleverly constructed warning about the psychological softness that can envelop humankind with the onward march of ""progress"". It asks ""What is Progress?"" - a question that only recently, and happily, has come to the fore as a serious topic of discussion and has produced some degree of overlap in scientific and religious world views.Huxley's ""Savage"", plucked from an eco-tourist-like setting in the southwestern U.S. and transported to a civilization he has heard so much about, sets up a dynamic tension between a party of one who clings to the notion of Original Sin and literally retreats to a garden to atone for it, and a future Everyman (and woman) for whom artificial reality has been transformed into high art. Huxley adroitly explores how Soviet-style centralized planning, aided and abetted by mass hypnosis, technology and constant creature comforts, makes all but the most morally sturdy incapable of bucking the system - most especially the aptly-named Lenina, who deep down feels a twinge of real love but simply cannot de-program herself and act upon the one genuine morsel of humanity somehow ignited within her.Perhaps what is most striking of all about ""Brave New World"" is its constantly alternating humor and pathos. Huxley appears to have tapped the very best of European farce and the English Music Hall tradition for  comic relief; some of his scenes approach blackout sketches. But he also employs some genuinely dark episodes to tell us that all this is no laughing matter. However, note: this dichotomy in tone takes some of the sting out of the author's message, resulting in a work that, although entirely satisfying, never reaches the nonstop intensity of ""1984"".Says Huxley: Those of us not living in A.F. (""After Ford"") 236 still have a chance to help decide what kind of future we want."
"One of the first views of dystopian society, in response to Orwell's 1984. An intelligently devised future showing how a utopian society might form in the future from mass produced births, sexual liberation, legalized drug dependence, and social class conditioning."
"While going through my stack of unread books this summer I noticed that I still had a copy of this book from High School, at the moment I am two semesters from graduating from college.  So, I figured I should read it as I am an English major and most English majors have read this book.Why I bothered I do not know.The plot to this book was poorly executed, the characters were weak and I just didn't really care.Instead I suggest ""1984"" by Orwell or ""We"" by Zamyatin, if you are interested in this topic.  Especially ""We"" as it was written before either or these two books and is my personal favorite, but is tragically ignored."
"First of all, a disclaimer: though this review is intended to display some of the ways I think Christianity illuminates this book, I certainly do not claim to be speaking for all Christians.  These are just my thoughts...That being said, I think the most important feature of ""Brave New World"" is that it illustrates what happens to humanity when it, en masse, begins to depart from the classical Christian worldview.  By classical Christian worldview I mean that which was best described by St. Augustine in City of God (Penguin Classics).  Without going into too much detail, the basic notion Augustine suggests is that salvation (in terms of deliverance from a fallen world) comes only in transcendent reality, and therefore people should stop expecting that a transcendently perfect reality can exist in this world.I bring up Augustine because he was relied on to a large extent by Eric Voegelin.  Voegelin's writing concerning modernity and gnosticism provides a philosophical framework for understanding how the central tenets of ""Brave New World"" are also the central tenets of our modern world (see especially Modernity Without Restraint: The Political Religions, The New Science of Politics, and Science, Politics, and Gnosticism (Collected Works of Eric Voegelin, Volume 5))  The connection between Augustine, Voegelin, and ""Brave New World"" seem to me to be this: when humanity rejects the lessons of classical Christianity and begins attempting to ""fix"" this world by way of various projects, disaster inevitable follows.  Of course, Huxley is not espousing a Christian critique of the world.  Nevertheless, I think ""Brave New World"" is an important book for Christians because the book illustrates the realities of humanity and the sad results that stem from those realities.Christianity aside, I think this book presents an adult version of another great book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry.  If you read ""The Giver"" when you were young and loved it then I think you will really enjoy ""Brave New World"".  The central tenets of the books are roughly the same.  Perhaps the most significant difference is that ""Brave New World"" is written in a voice that is inherently sarcastic and pessimistic concerning the principle characters whereas ""The Giver"" does not seem to pass as much judgment on the masses as much as it is concerned with society's leaders.I've attempted to bring a couple of fresh perspectives to ""Brave New World"" that I haven't seen in the other 687 reviews out there.  This is a great book that is an important read for our times.  I would recommend this book especially for high school and college students because it is that generation who will be confronted with the challenges inherent in this book.  To obtain a proper perspective a humanity's potentially damaging power is all too important for our future.  I give this book four stars instead of five not because there's anything wrong with it, but simply because I reserve five-star ratings for the best.  ""Brave New World"" is not one of the best books out there, but it is certainly a worthy read nonetheless.Another book that I'd highly recommend that is short and presents the philosophical foundation of ""Brave New World"" without the accompanying storyline is The Abolition of Man, by C.S. Lewis."
"This book is well worth anyone's time to read.  In it Huxley outlines what he thinks is going to happen to his world long into the future.  It is almost uncanny how some of the things that he prophesies have occurred or are occurring in the present day.  He talks about a world influenced by scientists and sociologists.  He even mentions cloning!  (Remember this book was originally written in 1931).  What most people don't realize though is that Huxley thought his book was a comic book.  Even though he thought it comic, he was still trying to put forth his forebodings for the world's future and for each individual's right to freedom.  A sobering, but highly entertaining read."
"In ""Brave New World,"" first published in 1932, Huxley paints the picture of a world that is willing to surrender true joy for a bland happiness free of suffering, that is willing to abandon truth for comfort, that is willing to eschew heights in order to avoid depths, and that is quick to surrender human ambition and individual personality for the sake of societal harmony.  It is a frightening presentation, precisely because it does not seem improbable.""Only a large-scale popular movement toward decentralization and self-help can arrest the present tendency toward statism,"" writes Huxley in his foreword to ""Brave New World.""  No such movement has materialized or succeeded, and so this novel remains a poignant warning even today. A sense of entitlement and reliance on the government-as-saviour still reigns supreme in the Western democracies.  ""A really efficient totalitarian state,"" warns Huxley, ""would be one in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses and their army of managers control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced, because they love their servitude.""Huxley's writing is not particularly impressive of itself; he has no special flowery gift when it comes to use of the English language, but he tells a mesmerizing story.  ""Brave New World"" is a quick read, and it has a strong impact."
"When I was in high school back in the early eighties, our English teacher, Ms. Applewhite, made us read this book.  In the course of us reading the book, Ms. Applewhite brought in a news article about test tube experimentation.  At the time I did not fully absorb the book, nor did I understand the significance of the article. After reading and understanding the book now, I see why she brought the article in: she wanted the class to see that Brave New World can become a reality.I won't summarize what the book is about because I'm sure there are reviews prior to this one that already did that.  I will say that if Brave New World is still required reading in high school or college (or if you just happen to check it out from the library); students should read it again years after graduating (that is if you still have an affinity for reading books).  Like Ralph Ellison's book Invisible Man, Brave New World is the type of novel one must reread.  Aldous Huxley is brilliant, witty, and a master of putting together words and concepts (believe me, this book is layered with them).  If ever in my life I meet Ms. Applewhite again I will thank her for showing me a Brave New World."
"Brave New World describes a paradigm for a new stable world, where arts are surpressed, faith and God are abolished, a caste system is created into which people are trained to think and work right from their births, sexual pleasures are promoted and ""soma"" present a ready refuge from every sorrow, every burst of adrelin. The novel written in 1930s is outright brilliant in several respects: its a self-supporting surprisingly accurate prophesy of changing world order and how societies are organized, it is book of reflection where the very basis of God, our faith, our social, religious and cultural attributes are questioned, it is a commentary on sociology, it is book of philosophy where questions about freewill, nature of science and most importantly human nature are provoked. The book is a great read, and one of those pieces of literature that everyone must commit to, not only to read it, but to think about what the book hints at! Huxley's Brave New World is in many respects like Wells Time Machine, underlines how luxury leads to lack of extremes, pain and instability which nucleate each change, drive new inventions and inspire art and literature."
"Though all books like this must be taken with a grain, or more liberal portions, of salt I found ""Brave New World"" to be an entertaining and thought-provoking read. Huxley reitertates many of the sentiments expressed by Thorough in ""Walden"". I found Huxley's choice of the name soma very interesting. A narcotic used by early Indian holy men to blend with the universal soul"
"While I do love Orwell's 1984, I've always liked Brave New World a little bit better for a few reasons.  Admittedly, I enjoy Orwell's writing in terms of style more than Huxley's and I think Orwell spun a more superficially (not meant in a derogative sense) enjoyable story in 1984 than Huxley did in Brave New World.  But I've always liked Brave New World a little bit better because I find it a good deal more thought provoking.  This is for several reasons.One, is that unlike the society in 1984, the world of the Brave New World is a real and legitimate attempt at a utopia.  In fact all of the people are happy.  The brilliance of Huxley is that in describing this perfect society of ever-present happiness, we realize what a nightmare this society actually turns out to be.  Science, art, and religion have all been cast aside in favor of the stability brought a superficial in-the-moment happiness, brought by conformity, consumption, and pablum and  where love is impossible because it's been eliminated by conditioning and any negative feelings are immediately drugged away.  Further there has been something more indescribably human that has been lost by this society, and that is a kind of liberty.  They've lost something important in their inability to overcome any negative emotions.  They've lost the right to chose whether to have these emotions at all.Another reason, I find Brave New World more thought-provoking than 1984 is that I find that it provokes thoughts about the society we live in.  The world of 1984 is a kind of hyper-fascism, ruled by fear and punishment and the outright crushing of liberty.  One can compare this to the Nazi's and the Soviet's, and one can worry about it creeping into an increasingly powerful domestic government, but in the west, particularly America, where one doesn't feel like this 1984 style-totalitarianism is around the corner, Brave New World seems like it speaks about things which we perhaps we should be concerned about.  Things like consumerism and conformity, our disdain for intellectual pursuits (so-called ""book-learning""), a pursuit of momentary, and fleeting, sensuality and happiness of the immediate moment, and our laziness.  While reading Huxley, one feels like Huxley is indeed describing things that already exist in our society, and one feels like Brave New World may in fact be the culmination of the natural evolution of things that already exist in our society.One thing I find particularly interesting, as well, is Huxley's approach to religion.  He seems to believe that religion is essential to society maintaining its ""humanness,"" for lack of a better word, and this future Nitzchean society is a bleak one indeed.  But at the same time, Religion, as practiced by the protagonist John the Savage, is a ridiculous thing.  The self-flagellation, the guilt, and the subjugation of one's own esteem are ridiculous and unhealthy things.  I think this speaks to a sort of conundrum, Huxley believes man faces, that whichever choice one makes, between savagery and civilization, the consequences are dreadful.Nevertheless, both Brave New World and 1984 are incredibly important books that everyone should read.  They are also both pretty enjoyable in my opinion.  Huxley's writing can be somewhat dense at times while describing some of the technological advances, but he can also be surprisingly funny, describing absurd situations such as the Shakespeare spouting Savage trying to avoid the seduction of a futuristic harlot.  Very Highly Recommended."
"This novel centers around outsiders: sane men in insane societies where art, beauty, and all the profound things in life are replaced with the sensual pleasures. Wacky hijinx ensue. Huxley envisioned this as the ultimate totalitarian state: one where everyone is happy and content with their stations in life, but no one is as free as they think. People are born into the system, live their lives in it, and die in it without ever realizing it exists. To Huxley, this was the way the world was inevitably heading. Both satire and prophecy, some of his predictions have played out as inevitable concequences of where the world was heading when he wrote this. Obviously, others have not. I recommend you read and then decide for yourself how much creedence his ideas deserve."
"In the high school I attended, seniors wound up reading one of two novels: 1984 or Brave New World.  I was in one of the classes which read 1984.  Ten years later, I chose to read Aldous Huxley's take on futuristic dystopia, just for the sake of broadening my knowledge.  And while Huxley's vision is disturbing in its accuracy, its execution leaves a whole lot to be desired.I cannot fault Huxley either for his ability to foresee the future based on contemporary trends, or for his ability to embed twisted values into a fictional civilization and make the entire thing thought-provoking.  He scored well on both counts.  Many parallels to the essential elements of Brave New World (antidepressants, sexual debauchery, godlessness) do in fact exist today and enjoy widespread popularity.Yet I cannot forgive Huxley for some of his word choices.  Occasionally he can put together strings of words that never should exist when spoken, let alone on a printed page in countless schoolrooms.  He'll routinely drop a leaden hunk of verbal excrement like ""civilizedly"" for the reader to ingest.  Why?  WHY!?!  How is it that such an obviously intelligent man, with all kinds of brilliant insights about where we're going and the handbasket we're in, how is it that he can choose such horrific excuses for words to convey his ideas?  Did no one dare to point out that maybe there was a better way to get across these revolutionary ideas?It may just be that Aldous Huxley was never meant to be a writer of fiction.  I have read essays of his, including one on women and the beauty industry, and been fascinated with his ability to see the disconcerting flaws in his own society.  I think the message of Brave New World would have been best conveyed not through a story (if Huxley were to write it, anyhow), but through incisive, unquestionable, invaluable exposition.  That is how Huxley wrote best.  This slim, grim, unreadable excuse for a novel is NOT how Huxley wrote best.  When you find yourself not aching for more of the story, but instead dreading the moment when you will pick the book up again as if it were some gigantic horsepill that you know will be good for you and is just ""the right thing to do"" -- that is when you know you have a bad novelist on your hands.There can be no question that the ideas within this novel are important.  They are far too accurate to dismiss.  But do not be surprised if you find reading it a chore, not because it is offensive or unimaginable, but simply because of its horrendously clumsy use of the English language."
"Imagine our society in the future, in which people take part in casual sex with multiple partners and take drugs openly to reduce the pain associated with daily life.  You may think that such a world would be Utopia, an ideal place to live.  It definitely is not!  This is a world where parents are unnecessary.  After all, babies are created through a process of repeated splitting of a fertilized egg, producing thousands of the same individual.  Each embryo is then placed on an assembly line, altered by some chemical process for the advantage or disadvantage of the new being.  You're probably wondering why anyone would engineer a baby to be defective!  So they can perform menial functions in society and not question their more intelligent masters.  These lowly individuals are called Epsilons, while the most superior in the hierarchy are termed Alpha Pluses.In the dystopic drama novel, ""Brave New World"" by Aldous Huxley, a young man, known as the Savage John is torn from his home on a rural reservation in America and taken to England to experience the so-called civilized world.  After being read books and taught the value of literature by his mother, an outcast from the civilized world, he is thrown into a world that has rejected free thought in favor of conformity.  The tornado of emotions and arguments that are the result of this change in environments is what we as readers are exposed.On most occasions, Huxley's style is easy and quick to read.  In one extended passage, he takes artistic license by skipping back and forth between scenes in paragraphs, which seems awkward at first but really lends itself to heightening the reading experience.  In fact, this method allows the reader to compare character responses and actions between two very different scenes.Overall, I would highly recommend this novel.  Not only are we able to read interesting fiction by a talented author, but we are also exposed to a very talented writer from the previous century.  Doing this enables us to understand the perspective of people at that time.  Their concerns can be digested by comparing our society to the one portrayed in the book.  In fact, some scary parallels can be made between ""Brave New World"" and our world, especially relating to division of labor and the ability to ascend the class system.  Also, the significance of morality and dedication to personal relationships are highlighted.259 pagesAldous HuxleyBrave New World1932, Perennial Classics"
"Our Brave New World...what would Huxley say to see so much of his dystopia vision already realized in 2004? Already we focus much of our energy to find ways that ease the crazy sorrow that life brings, immersing ourselves in sitcoms, casual sex and even prozac - our modern day soma. Readers of Plato's Republic will see many ideas here alluded to as well, so many in fact that I think Huxley sourced The Republic as often as modern society itself.Brave New World presents a problem a little more slippery than that of 1984 by George Orwell. In 1984, people live under a dictatorship of fear and ignorance. The evil is plain and easy to see, as is the reader's certainty that he would 'rebel against it' were he in the same situation. It shouldn't be this way here. Imagine a place you could always be happy, you could have any sexual partner you choose and work was never more than a pleasant diversion. Probably that reflects your everyday dreams, and certainly Plato's. So, what's the problem?The problem comes from the idea that feeling good doesn't mean you are happy. That concept is so alien today that it boggles the mind at first. Certainly you won't see this played out on MTV. No, according to Huxley, happiness is being part of something bigger than oneself...a purpose, in other words. In earlier times that purpose was to perform God's work; in ancient Greece it was to perform heroic acts for your family's honor. Today's purpose is feeding your Id. Some have no problem with that, but others like John the Savage see that eventually, all highs and buzzes fade into a hangover and a wasted day."
"Shakespeare was able to capture little kernels of man's existence in a few words -that is why his writing is so powerful even today.  Huxley's protagonist, John Savage, maintains his grasp on his own humanity through reading Shakespeare's works.  And like modern American country music, Shakespeare has a stanza for any emotion you could possible be feeling.  Huxley's existential nightmare is a world void of emotion-ergo void of happiness.  The dictator at the time, an interestingly open-minded and progressive character, Mustapha Mond, recognizes that his conditioning has murdered the only chance of legitimate internal happiness in his bioengineered ""perfect"" society.  The dictator seems to be the only one who empathetically understands Savage and his two confidants: Helmholtz Watson and Bernard Marx.  In fact, he associates with them as equals, and does not punish them for rebelling against the brave new world-he rewards them by banishing them to a society filled with rejects.  In reality, the ""rejects"" are people who somehow independently learn to think for themselves and search to fill a void that they do not understand.Huxley's novel is a call for morality, despite what some critics have written.  He didactically exposes what infidelity and promiscuity will do to an individual's emotional sensitivity: rapidly dull it.  In the novel the society's program conditions the children to fornicate without prejudice, which eventually destroys the institution of the family, demeaning the title of ""mother"" to a profanity.  He compares motherhood to a beastly canine giving birth in the gutter to her dirty pups.  But Huxley's warning should not go unheeded: an existential synthetic utopia is close at hand.  We must avoid the kind of behavior today that will trap us into the void of love and emotion that he writes of in Brave New World.  His other heralds include outcries against substance abuse and scientific, religious and literary censorship.John Savage was ""rescued"" from a reservation of savages-uncivilized and beastly people who live separated from the masses.  John was the child of two civilized and dignified personages whose unfortunate circumstances caused him to be raised on the reservation.  Later he is brought to the civilized world as an elementary social experiment: to see his reactions and interactions.  He ends up hating civilized world, and no one can understand why.  He chooses a life of solitude and eventually commits suicide to escape it.Brave New World is fantastically written, and although predictable and repetitive, it remains both simply focused on only a few main themes and deep in content, penetrating the sore spots and deficiencies of most people."
"This is a depressing book. I hate it when smarmy cynics are proven right. Huxley is the smarmiest of the lot, and in Brave New World, he is so right, it hurts.Don't get me wrong; this is a brilliant book. Of the various works of dystopian fiction written over the years, Huxley's strikes closest to reality. This is what makes it depressing.I first read this book decades ago, and it was the first work I ever read that portrayed the future as a hopeless mess. I remember hating it because it didn't fulfill my expectations for happy endings. When you are twelve years old, you expect stories about the future to have happy endings. I didn't understand much of it at the time, but even then, I realized that it was an intelligent work of great power, meant to do more than entertain. This may have been the first book I ever read that truly challenged me. For that alone, I owe Huxley a great deal.This work is invariably compared to Orwell's 1984. And while some critics say that they address two different themes, I beg to differ. 1984 may be about totalitarianism, and Brave New World may be about social utopianism, but they both share something more fundamental: they are cautionary tales about our innermost natures. They dissect our slavish need for order and our desire for a social framework to cling to, no matter how dysfunctional such a framework may be. The differences between the two works are in their conclusions, and here, Brave New World strikes closer to the truth.1984 asserts that we will accept the yoke of oppression before we surrender to anarchy. Brave New World asserts that oppression is unnecessary: that humans will re-engineer society if we have to, in order to suppress the desire for challenge that leads to unhappiness. If we look around us at the mass soporific of popular entertainment, the titillation of ""Reality TV"", the sensory overload of music videos, the casual attitudes to sex and drugs, the superficiality of relationships, and most of all, our increasing intolerance for even the slightest risk, it is the Brave New World that is coming into being before our eyes, and not 1984. Made to order babies, ""feelies"", sex purely for physical gratification, mass tranquilization, broadcasted voyeurism, ""curing"" of malcontents, bland political correctness, all may have seemed distant and surreal in Huxley's day, but they precisely describe our present society.This book asks us to consider whether ""happiness"" is truly a goal for which humans should strive. Or, more accurately, it asks us whether happiness, in and of itself, is a sufficient goal. Behind this question is a larger and more abstract one. What makes life worth living? We don't get much of an answer from Huxley, except his literary equivalent of a shrug. ""Dunno,"" he says, ""but it sure ain't this.""The book suffers from artifice. Huxley dabbles in the stream-of-consciousness experimentation that was the literary rage of his day. It is jerky and inconsistent. As a writer, he doesn't believe in self-discipline. But to criticize this book for such failings is to read it for the wrong reasons. He is not writing classical literature, but speculative fiction. In fact, he is one of science fiction's pioneers. Read as a cautionary tale, this book has few peers."
"This is one of the best books of all time because it makes the reader think of what our world will become.  It compares the two sides of what the world can become, completely government run - ignorance is bliss or up to the individual - to feel is to be truly alive.  Which way is better?  Is there even a right answer?"
"This is one of the few books that has only gotten better every time I've read it.  Its themes have become more and more relevent as aspects of the fictional society in the book seem to be appearing, little by little, in some places around the world (especially America).  While this book does not focus so much on the Big Brother all-knowing government facet to most negative utopias, as ""1984"" does, the books do share many central themes.  Brave New World, however, diverges in one very important way: midway through the novel, the character of John the Savage is introduced to give the perspective of someone raised on a reservation (which sounds very similar to the Native American reservations set up in the US today) on the new society.  John's initial impressions of their brave new world and his shocking final reaction to it leave the reader wondering how he/she would react in the same situation, and what that really says about the values propegated by the fictional society in the novel.  For anyone interested in modern day politics, the future of our own society, or even just sincere ""what if""s, this book is for you.  It grips you right from the start with disorienting but enthralling imagery and keeps you right to the last page.  I give it a solid five out of five stars."
"Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" shows us a perfect society where the government's control keeps the population joyous, and those with negative thoughts about it are exiled. As the novel opens in 632 A.F. (""After Ford"", 632 years after the production of the first Model T), the reader is immediately shown the cost of Huxley's utopia - students are shown the hatcheries where babies are now developed in tubes and trained through sleep hypnosis to know their roll in life. Bernard Marx, however, wants something more; while on a visit to a savage reservation he meets a former civilian of the utopia who shows him new opportunities back in the utopia.  I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. It is written with strong, descriptive language and you cannot help but manifest your own utopia (or dystopia) in your mind. Huxley wrote ""Brave New World"" as a dystopian novel, and it shows how the government controlling citizens lives so much is practically nightmarish . Brave New World is often Compared to George Orwell's ""1984"", because of their similar dystopian styles. I, without hesitation, recommend this novel to anyone who has ever enjoyed a read word."
"Brave New World is a stunning masterpiece of Huxley's. Not only does it provide for a thrilling read that will not allow you to put the book down, but it is also captivating in its thoroughness of detail. It holds a complete explanation of an entire society that has been fringed on the advance of science and man.  In the novel, man uses science for complete control over societal changes, reform, and stability. Huxley creates a dystopian society in which humans are developed rather than born. They are taught in their sleep and are brain washed into living the ways the government desires for them to. By controlling human ""birth"", the government also controls population, stability, and social status. The humans produced in the hatcheries are given to certain social classes; Alpha being the highest and Epsilon the lowest. Throughout the novel many modern ideals are shown to be taken to nightmarish extremes. Humans have no desire or motivation to think, sex has been degraded to nothing more than ""Obstacle Golf"", children play erotic games together, and the entire population uses the drug soma as a means to avoid dealing with any problems in life. Having a major interest in books depicting the ""Utopian Society"" or ""Apocalyptic Times"", this book was an astonishing enjoyment for me. I would most definitely recommend this book to anyone who has enjoyed books such as ""Fahrenheit 451"", ""1984"", or ""Alas Babylon"". You will find it to be among the most pleasing reads you have encountered."
"I loved this book. It is about a dystopian society where people are mass produced in assembly lines. Jobs are predetermined and everyone is content with everything because of subliminal messages received in their sleep since early childhood and soma, a miracle drug. The story is told from the point of view of a freak in society who cannot help but question everything, a girl who accepts it all and loves it, and a young man who was found outside the new cities and is now trying to adapt. This novel was creepy because I could see this happening in the future. Question nothing accept everything, stay in line do as you are told. I could not take it. There is no real happiness because there is no sadness. You can not know what happiness is if you do not have anything sad to compare it to. Everything is empty. The scariness helped keep my attention. Like staring at a wreck, it is horrible but you just can not look away. I recommend everyone read this. It will amaze and horrify. It is not particularly mushy or violent. It makes you think. It makes you contemplate the world around you. If you like this I also suggest reading ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry, ""Fahrenheit 451"" by Ray Bradbury, and ""1984"" by George Orwell."
"For anyone who is remotely interested in politics, reading Brave New World is a must. Published in 1932 when the world's most powerful rulers were often totalitarian in nature, Huxley examines the possibility of a society that is so controlled by the government that the very concept of choice is taken from the people. In an attempt to ""save"" him from a ""meaningless"" life, John the Savage is uprooted from his wilderness home on a 'Savage Reserve' and transplanted to London, where he is thrust into distopian society, and all that it entails. He soon finds himself in love with Lenina Crowe, a sexually-liberated woman who is so societally conditioned to ""free-love"" that she cannot understand the foreign, chaste mentality which with John thinks. John frequently quotes Romeo and Juliet in her presence in order to describe her beauty; however, she does not understand because such literature as Shakespeare has long been banned by the state. He desires marriage, which is a foreign concept to her society, and she desires free-love because this is all she knows. Ultimately, this lack of sexual consensus destroys their relationship. As a result of John's opposition to the way in which the government is run, John challenges the World Controller, Mustapha Mond, and claims that the current method of government cannot possibly be the answer to society's problems. Mond counters, ""We prefer to do things comfortably."" To which John replies, ""But I don't want comfort! I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin"" (240). When John attempts to flee from this oppression once and for all, he realizes that he has only one option which will allow him to truly escape his societal chains.Huxley paints a haunting portrait of a society in which the advancement of science negatively affects the lives of its individuals, as opposed to advanving them. He writes to discourage highly-centralized, totalitarian governments, for the nationalistic radicals he observed in his lifetime (the Bolsheviks, Fascism, Hitler, Stalin)all had devastating affects on the world. In Brave New World, the members of each caste are conditioned to love their given roles in life, for as Huxley states: ""A really efficient totalitarian state would be one in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses...control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced, because they love their servitude."" This plays into the idea of eugenics and ""bottled babies,"" because each caste must not only be societally conditioned, but genetically predisposed for the conditioning as well.The surprise ending of the novel is an interesting twist, and further reinforces the ideological clashes between John and the distopian society. Although some of Huxley's predicitions have not materialized, as you close the last page of the novel, you will find yourself wondering just how far off he really was in the majority of his predictions. For in terms of government, in the immortal words of Huxley himself, ""You pays your money and you takes your choice."""
"ok, i really liked this book, aldous huxley is a great writer and somewhat twisted to write such fun reading and i read it a lot faster htan 1984, i liked orwells novel better but BNW was a lot faster read, i notice da bucnh of communist reffernces it seemed tho, Bernard Marx...? Polly Lenin? granted I know this is hte extreme capitalist society where in 84 its communist but it was just smehwat werid, nevertheless great read, pick it up if your a fan of disanutopian literature"
"""Brave New World"" is set in the Britain of the distant future, around 2500 AD or, as the people of that era would say, 632 AF (After Ford, the car manufacturer Henry Ford having been elevated to semi-divine status). The world is ruled by a single World State. Babies are no longer born, but are mass-produced in ""hatcheries"", or baby factories. One advantage of this method of reproduction is that it allows the State to create five main classes of people, each sub-divided into various sub-classes. At the top of the social pyramid are the physically and mentally superior ""Alphas"", who are the intellectuals and rulers of society; at the bottom are the ""Epsilon semi-morons"", the unskilled manual workers, with ""Betas"", ""Gammas"" and ""Deltas"" in between. Everyone, from their earliest childhood onward, is conditioned by ""hynopaedia"", or brainwashing, to accept their place in society and to obey its rules unquestioningly. The family has been abolished; people are conditioned not to fall in love, but are encouraged to have promiscuous recreational sex with as many partners as possible. (The idea of sex for reproductive purposes is regarded as disgusting; ""mother"" and ""father"" are obscene words). Christianity, culture and any form of science other than that officially approved by the State are all forbidden. The greatest good for the individual is ""happiness""; negative emotions can be banished by the use of a psychoactive drug named ""Soma"".The State's ""conditioning"" of its citizens is, in most cases, a great success; nearly all spend their lives in the state of smug complacency which is what is meant by ""happiness"". Dissent and disaffection are the preserve of a few Alpha intellectuals who are generally dealt with by banishment to remote islands. One of these intellectuals, Bernard Marx, has started to question the values of his society. He enjoys solitude, loves nature and believes in exclusive love, all of which are officially forbidden or discouraged. He uses his position as a psychologist to travel to a ""Savage Reservation"" in New Mexico. ""Savages"" are those peoples who live according to values other than those of the World State; the New Mexico ""savages"" are mostly people of American Indian descent who follow a traditional, non-industrial lifestyle. They still live in family units and produce children by the time-honoured method. Their religion is a mixture of primitive Christianity and indigenous beliefs. Their culture places great emphasis on marital fidelity and on stoicism and courage.  One of the ""savages"", John, travels back with Bernard to London, where he becomes an object of great curiosity to the members of the Alpha intellectual society. John, however, is not impressed by the ""brave new world"" he discovers, and the climax of the book arises out of the clash of two different sets of cultural values.""Brave New World"" is often bracketed together with the other great British dystopian novel, George Orwell's ""1984"". During the days of the Cold War it was fashionable to say that, whereas ""1984"" was based upon the Communist East, ""Brave New World"" predicted the future of the capitalist West. There was some truth in this, but it was never more than a half-truth. There are two reasons for this. The first is that, whereas ""1984"" was written in the late forties, in the early days of the Cold War, and is indeed (among other things) a satire on Soviet or Nazi-style totalitarianism, ""Brave New World"" was written in 1932, a year before Hitler's accession to power, seven before the outbreak of World War II, and a decade and a half before it became fashionable to talk about a bipolar Communist/ capitalist world. The values of Huxley's imagined world are reflected in the names that he gives to his characters. Henry Ford is the most revered figure in this society, and the highest-ranking character that we meet, the World Controller Mustapha Mond, is named after another industrialist. (Sir Alfred Mond was the founder of the British industrial giant ICI). On the other hand, the most important female character in the book is called ""Lenina"", and one of the most important male ones has the surname Marx. Another character is called Benito; had the book been written a few years later there would doubtless have been an Adolf. The World State, in fact, represents a synthesis of Soviet-style Communism, Fascism and modern-day industrial capitalism. Just as Evelyn Waugh's Guy Crouchback saw the enemy in 1939 as ""the Modern Age in arms"", so Huxley's dystopia represents the Modern Age triumphant. His satire was aimed at all aspects of his society, not merely one particular political ideology.The other big difference between Orwell's vision and Huxley's is that Orwell's book is set only a few decades after the date of its publication; Huxley's is set several centuries in the future. Although it has some original features, such as the telescreens and the ""Newspeak"" language, Orwell's Oceania is largely a traditional dictatorship on the Nazi-Soviet model. Propaganda plays an important role, but in the last resort the power of the Party depends upon coercion by force of arms and fear of the secret police. The Party official O'Brien describes his chilling vision of the future as ""a boot stamping on a human face forever"", a vision with which he is quite happy because he knows that he will be one of those doing the stamping. Huxley's World State is a much more advanced and efficient tyranny. In his foreword to the novel (written in 1946) he states that his aim was to portray a society ""in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses and their army of managers control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced, because they love their servitude"". Unlike the cynical O'Brien, Mustapha Mond believes in all sincerity that the control of the World State by himself and his fellow-members of the Alpha-plus elite will achieve the Utilitarian dream of ""the greatest happiness of the greatest number"".In many ways, ""1984"" is the better book when seen as a piece of literature. It has a better plot, the prose is more fluent and the characters are more credible. Huxley's characters are little more than mouthpieces for ideas; neither Bernard nor the Savage has the depth of Orwell's Winston Smith. For most of the second half of the twentieth century, ""1984"" also seemed more politically relevant. In the twenty-first, however, things may be changing. We may not yet have baby factories churning out groups of Gamma-pluses or Epsilon-minus semi-morons (although recent developments in cloning and genetic engineering suggest that that may be a distinct possibility), but many of Huxley's other predictions are coming true. The family has not yet been abolished, but its importance as an institution has declined since he wrote his novel Youth, beauty and sexual vigour are eulogised, improved contraception has led to a growth in promiscuous recreational sex dissociated from reproduction, psychoactive drugs (called Valium or Prozac rather than Soma) are increasingly used to control negative emotions, the increasing consumption of material goods is regarded as necessary for the economic good of society. Since the fall of the Berlin Wall, the rise of a Stalin-type Big Brother has not seemed to be the greatest threat facing the Western world. A ruling class of bosses controlling slaves who love their servitude may turn out to be a greater danger."
I was reading the other reviews and it just seemed to me that nobody really saw the point to the book. This could happen expesually in this time of year. Our world is moving towards asocitiy that we don't have a freedom of speech. They are working on to controling our minds its only a matter of time. I read the book for my senior english class and was a real eye opening expereince. its a dictarorship which is just like cuba. I think everybody should read the book because it really shows you how the world could be.
"I cannot even beleive how many people gave this book bad reviews based on the fact that it's a really bad vision of a Utopian Future. Even the good reviews were saying things like, ""wow! i want to live in that society so i can have tons of sex and drugs!"" Doesn't that very idea of this future society sound a little bit fishy?The one reviewer who wrote that this is a horrible vision of the future and no one should want to live in it, completely got it right but missed the point. Of COURSE no one is supposed to want to live in this society! I had the feeling that reviewer didn't even finish the book.Do you remember the part of the book where they are all waiting around in a room for some church-type cult meeting as they wait upon some random spirit? They all wait silently to hear the sound of the great spirit. The main character doesn't hear it, but once everyone in the room gets excited and claims they hear it, he jumps up and says he hears it as well.THis example, among numerous others in the book, are ones that illistrate what this book is REALLY trying to make a statement about. It's not trying to show what the world WILL be like, and it's definately not showing what the world SHOULD be like. This is a classic story about CONFORMITY and how we as humans will strive to be like the mass because it is considered wrong not to.And to all those that said this book illistrated a messed up and awful sexual society, remember the scene where ""The Savage"" was with the girl and he would not have sex with her? The Scene demonstrates a standing up, a moving against the crowd, despite how unaccepted, or even desireable it may be to follow.The Descriptions of the place where the savage came from are great. WHile others thought they were a disgusting display of racism and politically incorrectedness, in TRUTH, they represented the true value of life and things old and forgotten, in this new society where it is considered vulgar and obscene for a baby to be born, coming out from between a womans legs into the world (Everyone in this future is cloned and mass produced in labs).When The Savage comes to this ""Utopian"" England, he is the only character at this point that we are supposed to relate to. This is the perfect book for those who feel isolated in a conformist society, as the lead character feels he is the only one who has moral fiber in this entire future world. Everyone else is taking drugs and having sex.There's another aspect of the book in which another lead male character gets jets jelous about a girl he wants to ""have"" being with another male. They are taught that ""desire"" leads to negative emotions, so he should have what he wants, meanwhile this girl will not have him. So he starts to feel awful. THis just goes to show that no matter what factors you try to rule out of human fiber, it will never lead to a rise on whole, it will always lead to a downfall.Furthermore, this book goes a LOT deeper than what everyone made it out to be, and if you don't think so, read it again and pay more attention. It is OBviously not supposed to be a society we want (when you read those scenes in which the leaders describe erotic play among children, we are SUPPOSED to find it repugnant, not appealing). The bottom line is conformity, not utopia. The title ""Brave New World"" itself is almost like a parady or joke of this world. So look agian and think bigger picture.By the way, i thought the writing style was crazy. I love the part where the author just switches around between random characters saying random phrases for a whole chapter- it's very odd and unique. I've never seen another author try to grasp the feel of a book that way."
"This was the worst book that I have ever read! The way that Huxley wrote the book was awful. He was writing about something that could never happen to our society.  Back then he thought that our world would pretty much go to hell and the book portrayed the world that we should be living in today. Nothing that he said made sense.  I don't understand why he would want anyone to live in that weird world that those people had to live in.  People should have emotions and actual relationships. No one should be punished like that. I advise you not to read this book, unless you want to fall asleep!! :)"
"I believe that this book provides an exposé on the nature of power and controll and the roll of education as well as political and social culture in this process that is second to none (that's right, including Orwell's excellent book 1984).  However, ultimately I feel that this book is inferior to 1984 if only because the actual story of the book is so poorly written.  Unlike 1984, where I found I was able to enjoy the book on so many levels, be it as a character study or as a political essay, Brave New World, I feel, almost totaly lacks any effective story, plot or characters that really grip the reader in the same way as Orwell's masterpiece.  I felt like I was the one injesting 'soma' as I was reading the book which made me not care about a thing that happened to the characters.That said, to be fair, if one reads this book solely with the intention of reading a piece on the politics of mass control, pacification, propaganda et al. then I believe one would be more richly rewarded for reading this book than one who read 1984 with this same intention in mind.  Ultimately, it is more plausible and economical to control a mass population by the use of social taboos and hallucinogens as described in Brave New World than it is to control a population by montitoring everybody's every move and by force as described in 1984."
"I never really considered myself a big sci-fi reader, but I have found myself leaning more and more towards them because of books like this one.  I just finished reading it for school, and it was absolutely amazing.The writing itself is superb--Huxley writes in the way all writers should.  He creates images, makes striking comparisons, and best of all, he keeps it going.  It is very difficult to become bored with this novel.The first chapter is a little confusing if you don't understand exactly what is going on.  In this new society the reader is introduced to, people are mass-produced.  They are fashioned in one of five social classes identified by the first five letters of the Greek alphabet.  Alphas are superior to the Epsilons.  The first chapter discusses the breeding of the people, and the second and third deal mostly with how they then proceed to condition the people during infancy and throughout childhood.The reader is also introduced to Bernard, Lenina, and Helmholtz, all of whom are significant characters.Bernard is the intellectual, always wondering.  This would be okay, except it is not in the best interest for social stability (what the new government strives for).  Therefore, he is extremely atypical.  Lenina is a shining example of conditioning and its intended results, and Helmholtz is an awkward character who could easily be happy but isn't for some reason.  Other characters include Mustapha Mond, John the Savage, and Linda--all of them chief characters.The protagonist, John, is a complex character that does an outstanding job of carrying the action of the book from chapter seven until the very surprising and thought-provoking end.On a last note, ""Brave New World"" is an outstanding satire of modern society.  It is one that I know is read often in high school, and in many colleges (my brother, a college Junior, just finished reading it again for a class, and he's a chemistry major).  This book is absolutely fascinating, and I highly recommend it.  It is a wonderful read that you will likely want to revisit again and again."
"When I first read this book I loved it for its content and social commentary. But in all honesty, this is not an outstanding literary work. Huxley's writing is very superficial. I don't mean that in any pejorative way either, it's simply that his novels are about written to be about what they're about. That may not make too much, let me elaborate. Essentially what Brave New World is, is Huxley's essays in novel form. Now these are tremendous essays with a lot of thought and applicability to reality. But when this work is compared to 1984, a work that is not only writtened to be about something but could exist on its own simply for the skill that Blair has with prose, Brave New World is lacking. The characters are probably the baest example of this. In 1984 Winston is a very complex character who has quite a hard time with himself because he is too weak fight Ingsoc and too ignorant to articulate his feelings. While somehow Bernard is quite articulate but only for the sake of his being a Freudean model. Winston's problem is something that people truly experience. Not being able to argue with a ""superior"" figure because the esoteric feelings they have are adequate to convince them of something but to languid to effect someone prepared for the arguments. That isn't the only problem I have with this novel but I haven't got the time to go on."
"Picking up this book without ever reading it in highschool or 1984 I had no expectations. After reading it, I LOVED IT. I fell in lov right away with the characters and the whole idea of the world they live in. Its a reasonably short read, but there is soo much to take form it other than just the story.I really loved the ending of the book, it was soo fitting and right for the story. Most people I know perfer 1984 over BNW, but I say BNW is better. Dont take my word for it, read it for yourself, even if you think 1984 is the better book, at least you've read a literary classic!!!"
"Brave New World is fast paced and action packed. This book is a nonstop adventure thriller that centers around the story's main characters: Bernard Marx, Helmholtz Watson, the Savage, Lenina Crowne, and the world controller Mustapha Mond. BNW includes hedonistic promiscuity, soma induced dream states, embryo stores, neo-pavlovian discipline techniques, caste division, feelies, and games of centrifugal bumble-puppy. The action leads to a debate between the world controller Mustapha Mond and the Savage from the New Mexico reservation. They argue over conflicting values such as hedonism vs. liberty, happiness vs. truth, stability vs. progress. Mustapha and the Savage throw around excerpts from Shakespeare, the Bible, and some philosophical texts. These texts have been banned by the world state in the year of Our Ford because they are said to corrupt the happy, civilized population with old, primitive ideas. These primitive ideas expand human consciousness and enable one to come in touch with the spiritual and with the power of their emotions. In the time after the Nine Years War, society has become stable, highly industrialized and dependent on intense materialistic consumption. The leaders of this highly civilized world state believe that its stability cannot withstand the masses focusing on the spiritual and emotional aspects of human nature. The Savage argues for the benefits of reality, liberty, and old-fashioned religion. Mustapha, the great controller, agrees with the Savage but he strongly believes that a peaceful civilization is better without them. The Savage then escapes from his experimenters and settles in an abandoned lighthouse overlooking the English heather. He fails to escape the audacious and meddlesome media which by consequence attracts a swarm of onlookers. Extremely frustrated, the Savage doses up on soma and finally commits suicide out of regret."
"Every teenager should read this book, and now more than ever it is important to understant its message, we talk about freedom and liberties, but are we really free?, are we really individuals?.The story is good, but what makes this book so great is the message and the questions that one must ask, it is a mind opener, I read it while in my fist college year, and it was a big influence on my believes and ideals."
"This is pure science fiction literature...nearly 99% of science fiction books on the shelfs are not actual literature. This book has stood the test of time and will continue to do so. It's not only a goof story but also has a lot of depth that will be discussed in nearly every high school or college class in the English speaking world. If you don't like the book, you have to appreciate it, like I do with Moby Dick (too long and too much whaling information)."
"Aldous Huxley's 'Brave New World' is a classic almost everyone should read before they get out of high school or college.  It is not just for science fiction fans, but for lovers of good storytelling in general."
"I found this book quite astonishing, especially considering it was written in 1936.  The author presents a possible utopia in which people are spared all types of mental and physical pain throughout thier lives, all desires are met with instant gratification, and the consumption of mind altering drugs with no side effects is encouraged by the state.  People are brainwashed from an early age to be simple and childlike, thus alleviating any of the pressures and angst that comes with being a free thinking individual.  There are no families or relationships to burden people with the want or loss of love.  Huxley makes it apparent that pain and prolonged desire are unique and valuable human qualities, for without pain, one can never know true happiness or passion for life.  The book is very relevant to today's society in which being intelligent is considered unpopular, questioning the status quo merely a form of trouble making, and believing in love rather than promiscuous meaningless sex, blasphemy.  It makes you appreciate the imperfections of humanity, and taking the bad with the good a little bit easier after considering the alternative."
"It was the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860) who said ""life without pain would have no meaning."" One would think that most people would want as little misery or anguish in their lives as possible (unless they're masochists), but I think the gist of Schopenhauer's statement is that if people go through life without feeling or experiencing anything unpleasant, then they're not really alive. They might as well be a beautiful mannequin. (Could that mean an afterlife in hell is more meaningful than an afterlife in heaven?) If people have no understanding of the bad, then they can't fully appreciate the good. Then there's that old adage about taking the rough with the smooth.The word mannequin fits as a description for the people in ""Brave New World"", in the sense that they are mass produced and identical. As a matter of fact they are clones, bred in the Hatchery, their role in life predestined through gene manipulation and mental conditioning.While the society in ""Brave New World"" is described as dystopian (lack of individuality, lack of choice, devoid of substance), there are some things to be envied too. Everyone feels secure with a sense of belonging, no one is starving in the gutter, there is no racism, no violence, no motivation for violence, and of course, no war. If anyone wants to check out of reality for a while they can take soma, a euphoric drug with no serious after-effects. Everything is unnatural and artificial. (But then, hasn't civilization always been unnatural and artificial?)In essence, everyone feels content. Well, almost everyone. Bernard Marx sees the world around him, and is all too aware of its insipid shallowness. He sees himself as an outsider, someone who finds it impossible to fit in. As a man who refuses to ""join the party"", he chooses to wallow in his own discontent, to indulge in his own intellectual superiority. He won't even take soma. Naturally, this kind of behavior draws some unfavourable attention, particularly from Mustaphor Mond, the World Controller.When Bernard takes a break from this society of claustrophobic togetherness, he travels to the United States, visiting a Reservation where people can live the ""old-fashioned"" way (fall in love, have families, contract disease). There, he finds a savage called John. Bernard takes John back to London, where he is seen as a freakish novelty, and Bernard, by association, enjoys a period of celebrity status. Like Bernard, John soon realizes how lifeless the people are and tries to escape.Written in the 1930s, ""Brave New World"" has an ambivalent quality about its description of the future. We naturally assume that the future will be better, that every generation is better off than the one that precedes it. The world we live in now (in the West, at least) does have some similarities. Sex has long since lost its taboo status. In fact, people never shut up about it. There are those who see modern society as decadent, immoral and ungodly. To the more fanatical types, it is so repugnant, they seek to destroy it and impose their own way of life on the rest of us. That is a price we pay for free will and diversity. When we live in a world where no one can agree, and people are too stubborn to respect the beliefs of others,  there is always trouble.""Brave New World"" is unlikely to be forgotten as an important piece of literature, but I prefer George Orwell's ""Nineteen Eighty-Four"" (1949) when it comes to dystopian fiction. It's definitely more bleak and terrifying than the earlier book."
"Wow.... I'm a freshman in IB and our enlgish teacher had us read this book for in depth analysis.  All i can say is this book has so much packed into such a tiny volume of pages. Huxley is a brilliant writer.  The ethical questionings, philosophical debates, the satire, and all the other stuff in between the lines will blow your mind.  Espesially the way he presents it all.  My advice: read the book and then decide if I'm just simple and don't know what im talking about.  As well be advised, this book is extremely deep, and I recommend reading it only if you are matured enough mentally and appreciate deep books requiring crazy analysis.  I'd say this book is more for sophmore or junior level and above - unless you are crazy advanced in English.  I'm talking IB level....."
"Many critics don't appreciate when they speak disparagingly of Huxley's predictions that he had written them in 1932. How different was the socio-cultural fabric of the ""modern"" world at that time! This rebellious icon undoubtedly overexaggerated - that was the point - but I doubt even HE suspected ""Brave New World"" would make him look this clairvoyant. None of his contemporaries would have guessed how close he came to modern genetic engineering, rampant SSRI and sedative use, sexual liberation, mass food fortification, and the direction public education is heading. Whether Huxley was a bitter intellectual who embraced counterculture only insofar as it got him attention is besides the point. Real 21st century life would be just as much ""science fiction"" to depression-era intellectuals, and he came a lot closer than Orwell or H. G. Wells.Huxley's writing is a little disconcerting at times, vacillating between different scenes of action without contextual or even speaker reference. At points it reads more like a screenplay, but these moments are not frequent and don't not interfere with clarity. His style is for the most part plain but sardonic, wholly suitable for satire. This was the darker (and first) counterpart to the ""The Island,"" which Huxley contended was an optimistic response to ""Brave New World."""
"Many books, such as Aldous Huxley's classic ""Brave New World"" go beyond the scope of science fiction: they are also meant to be used as a cautionary tale, to warn the reader of future possibilities in daily life.By showing what the future may be like, Huxley manages to do this in a very frightening way. In Brave New World, nobody is born through natural means, rather, they are all born through test tubes. The people that create you also decide how you will turn out in the future: by giving you doses of alchohol, as well as harmful electric stimulation in your infant years. This decides if you are as smart as an Alpha, or grouped with the slow Epsilons. Alphas generally get good, high paying jobs, while Epsilons are often the janitors, the elevator operators, and the garbage collectors.However, you are made to like what you are. Whether you are an Alpha, a Beta, a Delta, or an Epsilon (all groupings of your intelligence) you are happy with your placement. You are trained to like what you are, and wish never to be at a higher or lower level.All in all, society is a utopia: everyone is happy. Enter one man, however, and you wind up with a dystopia, where not all persons and individuals are happy. Bernard Marx, a disaffected sleep specialist, begins to feel unhappiness, and dislikes the benovent totalitarian dictatorship ruling over the world.Although there are no wars, no poverty, and no crime, Marx is still unhappy. Everyone around him is almost always high off of soma, a drug that is meant to keep the citizens calm. Promiscuous sex is also encouraged, although birth is not.However, Marx and his new cohort, John the Savage, feel the need to change the ills of this dystopic society. The society they live in is a society of constant consumerism, and the time is 632 AF (after Ford). They dislike the way of life, and eventually, Mustapha Mond, one of the powerful rulers, begin to interfere in their thoughts.This excellent novel provides a cautionary tale of dystopia, as well as the destruction of the individual.The only problem is, that in this world of madness, it may take a few readings to truly understand the comical satire that Huxley is preaching.One last remark: I say this is satire because people and citizens are born into their roles in society. Alphas are born to be doctors and lawyers, while Epsilons are born to be laborious workers. This reminds the reader of the monarchial system in Britain, where the rulers are born in their positions. Thus, the satire is strongly evident in perhaps one of the greatest cautionary tales in American history. Much along same lines, I'd like to recommend a second book, much less known, entitled WILL@epicqwest.com (a medicated memoir) by Tom Grimes, a strikingly hilarious satire of a world gone mad with consumerism, where prozac has replaced soma as the calming drug and our innundation in relentless, mind-numbing corporate marketing disguised as quasi-information threatens to kill us all. WILL@epicqwest.com and Brave New World are two books that will alter the way you think. Check them out!"
"Aldous Huxley has concocted the most abstract, encompassing, and somewhat frightening novel about a possible and plausible future destination the world could arrive at if it decided to follow a certain course of action.  In Huxley's novel, the events that are depicted here can be determined to take place about six hundred years from now.  Extreme scientific progression in the field of genetic engineering and biochemistry coupled with an apparent social retrogression into a rigid, inflexible caste system have transformed the people of the earth into a totally bizarre society which contrasts radically to today's lifestyle.  One of the novel's characters, John the Savage, finds out he's analogous to a square peg in a round hole once he is removed from his indian reservation environment and transplanted into the ""brave new world"" of the futuristic London.  John's plight illustrates the inevitable obfuscation anyone can experience if obtrusively placed in surroundings of omnipresent unfamiliarity.  In consideration of the year 1932 when this novel was published, the facts that the principles of heredity were discovered by a cloistered Austrian monk a relatively few years before, and that nucleic acids would not be determined to contain the genetic ""blueprints"" of organisms until many years later; it's easy to see Mr. Huxley was a very erudite, perspicacious, and artful writer well ahead of his time.  I am still waiting to see if a feature motion picture based on this novel will ever be produced.  A little bit of trivia here: Mr. Huxley's death on November 22, 1963 went relatively unnoticed by the general public only because someone else of more prominence was assassinated that same day."
"The Great Idea that spawned this book is visionary and intelligent and hampered by Aldous Huxleys' anti-American ideals.I found that the first few chapters of the book consisted of the author trying(successfully though boringly)to persuade us of the world he was creating and at the same time trying (and failing dismally) to include storyline and character developement.The author was evidently an intelligent man with great ideas but I,personally, want more than that from my reads.Huxley was influenced by Anti-American friends and two 'trips'(not holidays) to America to confirm his suspicians about the 'New Power' taking the rest of us down the slippery slope of classless mass production.I say that AH was an intellectual,creatively barren,snob who cared more about maintaining his sheltered middle-class England and not about the lower classes.He also tried and failed to make it in Hollywood,the critics now say that he was 'too intelligent' for hollywood but,after reading BNW,I suspect he just wasn't creative enough-for all his great ideas and I suspect the resentment from being judged wanting by such a faction is a main reason for his political bent."
"This book was riveting in its depiction of a future society that hatches babies, conditions them to become consumers, and programs their lives to be uniform.  The New World uses conditioning rather than brute force (like 1984) to achieve the utopian society where individuality is the ultimate crime.  Through the use of this conditioning, newly hatched humans are placed into a caste and bred to be happy within this caste.At the beginning of the book, I was not sure why some government would go to all of the effort of hatching babies and spending endless hours conditioning them, both while they are awake and while they are asleep, but the goal became clearer as the book went on.  This future government prioritizes stability above all else, and wants nothing to do with dissension, rioting, or wars.To avoid any possibility of this sort of unrest, government conditions everyone to be the same and to be doped into happiness.  The quest for ""higher"" learning as we know it is conditioned to be wrong and worthless.  So art and religion are replaced with senseless movies and a drug called Soma.  The notion of love and monogamy is frowned upon and sleeping with many partners is conditioned to be a service to society.  Basically, the broad, easy path to quick happiness is encouraged and the narrow, costly path is discouraged.  ""No pain, no gain"" would not make any sense to these people.I thought that this story was an incredible attempt at predicting the direction of our society from a Depression-era perspective, and was very convicting in some of the ways we have made Huxley's predictions come true.  We, as a society, do favor the quick and easy route to happiness (blockbuster movies, drugs, etc) rather than striving for something more costly.  I love this book because it makes you think.  Yes, it is weak on character development and the narrative is quite annoying in some parts, but I appreciate anything that causes me to examine my society and myself in the humbling way that Brave New World has done."
"This book is a great classic written by an amazing author. it brings us almost 700 years into the future to a world where Ford is God and humans beings are manufactured and designated into different mental classes at birth. they range from the athletic and intelligent Alpha Plus to the slow and dim witted Eplison. This book follows the story of Bernard Marx, an out-of-place Alpha Plus who feels that he doesn't fit in the world. After visiting a ""savage"" reserve he begins to discover his true nature."
"I personally liked 1984 better because it was more realistic, but Brave New World is far more twisted.  Instead of pleasure outlawed, sex in general is outlawed.  Babies are made in test tubes.  They come out in an assembly line.  People are educated to hate things.  Each class is educated to look down on the others.  Children are encouraged to have erotic play.  The whole society is educated to take soma, a depressant.  One man from the still-normal world of New Mexico, which is called The Savage Reservation by those of the other world because sex i how babies are formed, rebels and throws soma out the window in the face of kids.  This evil story of a world I hope never becomes true is nonetheless thrilling."
"I see that some reviewers are saying the threat of a world similar to that in this novel is farther away than ever. That would be nice. Increasingly, I'm interpreting sci-fi dystopian/utopian novels not as warnings of a dire future but condemnations of a nasty present. And though this book was written in 1932, as civilization increases its messages only become more pertinent. I just finished reading this book today, and it would probably be wise to wait longer before reviewing it, but what the hell. Huxley's ""brave new world"" can be read as a brilliant satire of consumer society and civilization itself, in which people avoid feelings, pain, and confusion through drugs, work, and a tunnel vision that is reinforced by societal ""conditioning"" (though I would argue it's part of human nature as well). I was troubled by the Savage's masochistic tendencies, and confused at times as to what Huxley really thought of the Savage's over the top behavior, in the pursuit of sensation and actual feeling. Because the Savage goes so far over the top by the end, I can only assume that Huxley feels he's gone too far in the opposite direction, pursuing pain and denial simply because they are values opposed to the society he hates. Though the book is a brilliant critique, not just of society but of the way the human mind strives to shut out anything unfamiliar and uncomfortable (this is where the book's true greatness lies, I think), I'd consider deducting a star simply because it's more of an essay told in novel form than a full-fledged story. Many pages are devoted to pure description of the society, albiet cloaked in the dialogue of characters rather than in the narration, and sometimes this overshadows the characterization and story development. But the opening chapter uses an interesting, almost ""cinematic"" technique of ""crosscutting"", which can be exasperating to read but is original at least. And the characters are actually quite convincing and recognizable, especially Bernard...it's as if George Costanza from Seinfeld wound up in a future society (see Woody Allen's Sleeper). It's brimming with fantastic ideas, but I don't think it's fantastic storytelling. Nonetheless, that's a minor quibble, because it's very readable and extremely insightful. Pick it up right away. 5/6"
"The first dystopia I've read is Fahrenheit 451 for 7th grade english. Now, I can't stop reading dystopias! My dad told me  Brave New World was a good book, so I started. I think this is the closest dystopia likely to happen. A sex-crazed world who thinks it's animal-like to have children naturally. I love the idea of a class system from the super-human double alpha plus to the grovelling Epsilon-Minus. And Soma, ""a gramme is better than a damn."" The freaky part about that drug is that something very similar to that now. And it doesn't make you happy, but sort of clueless, like an infant curious about the world. My favourite quote is from Benard Marx, as he refers to the way men talk about women, ""As if they were a piece of meat."" I use that quote all the time now when a man says something sexist. John the Savage is my favourite character, because although he is referred to as a savage from the savage reservations, he is actually the smartest person on the book. (Well, maybe Mustapha Mond is.) And just in case you don't know why it's called Brave New World, In Shakespeare's ""The Tempest"", The character Miranda says:  O, wonder!  How many goodly creatures are there here!  How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world,  That has such people in't!"
"Some of those giving Huxley's work low ratings, I think, are missing some of Huxley's message, or are choosing to ignore it, which is especially evident by their comparisons of this book to Orwell's.  I suppose it is inevitable that these two novels be compared, but I think while they have similarities, the two authors write about two very different forms of totalitarianism and social control that threaten free society.Orwell's 1984 has often been interpreted (or appropriated) as a case against a socialist form of totalitarianism.  Orwell himself was a socialist (though of the Atlee/Labour, not the Stalin/Marxist-Leninist variety), though unfortunately many rightists have used this book and Orwell's other work, Animal Farm, to condemn not just Communism but anything except for the lasseiz-faire accepted today.  Perhaps both Orwell and Huxley wished to speak of human nature and social behavior in broad terms, but I also believe a purely social and political critique in the form of fiction and satire can still be serious literature, considerations of the deeper questions of human nature aside.And this is why I like Brave New World, even more so than 1984.  Whereas Orwell warns of a totalitaranism based on perpetual war causing the poverty of a ration economy at home, Huxley examines a social control built on plenty or an illusion of plenty.  One might then say that the works of these two men are opposite sides of the same coin in that Orwell's work is a warning against communist totalitarianism and Huxley's work warns us of a capitalist variant that is just as dangerous and certainly more relevant, at least to our own society.It may be easy to take a book such as Huxley's and say we are becoming such a dystopian society as in his book, but I think it is even easier to praise a book such as Orwell's instead, reduce it to a ""communism"" or ""socialism"" = ""bad"" statement, and then say thank goodness we defeated the evil empire.  What makes Brave New World so great is that it can't be so easily simplified.  What sets Brave New World apart from other novels of the genre is that Huxley wrote a critique of his own times as well as of our own times and he shows that not only are Communism and 19th century Dickensian capitalism oppressive systems, but 20th century consumer capitalism, based on the legacies of Ford and Freud, is as well."
"At first one laughs at this ""utopia"" how absurd their lives are how blindly they accept it. And yet people today readily believe what the media and those who are in control tell them to believe. Even though this maybe classified as a Sci-Fi... it has striking similarities with today's society. The book itself is well written and the plot interesting enough. I was a little disappointed in the ending ( I am a stickler for happy endings )but all in all it's a book that is worth reading."
"This work was great for the period it was written and should be seen and appreciated as that- it made it's impact and helped steer our society away from such a repressed future - we've learned to be more open, casual and physical play has become more validated for men and women- If you want to stimulate your brain towards a likely future (or perhaps one we will just miss by a hairline) from our present standings, I'd read Utopian Reality- it is our times version of Brave New World or 1984 but with a new warning of what we have to steer away from-"
"I have a few reasons for claiming that this book is the greatest political work of the English language.First, it talks about the time in which it was written.  The would in the 1930s was continuing its mechanization.  In much of Europe and beyond, men were becoming robotic in military, industry, and commerce.  Life was changing to fit technology and less the other way around.Second, it talks about the timeless.  Freedom of indulgence but silence of criticism?  Look at our news and you'll find it.  Childish pursuit of pleasure but denigration of soulful happiness?  Sex plentiful but meaningless, a game?There are fart jokes on TV but menstruation is gross.  People want to smoke in public but breast-feeding should be kept private.  Sexuality has been neutered and sanitized.  It's a joke.  It's playful and not powerful.  Life's extremes have been eliminated and replaced with comforting blandness, meaningless, immaturity.And the pundits who champion such immaturity smile at us, smug at what they call progress.  The past, they assure us, was barbarism.But this is not why I love the book.  I love the book because Huxley, in his cynicism, shows us this scene.Marx is told that he can go to live with the outcasts and he refuses.  He can't imagine leaving the world he hates.  He wants the world to cater to him but the notion of leaving that world is terrifying.  And that is what makes the book so realistic.  Those who would reform our world are still so tied to it that progress could quite possibly be doomed.  It's one thing to demand a change, but to suffer the consequences?  Look at all the revolutionary elements of Western society and you'll see the same interest in change but refusal to pay.I say this as a radical.  This book makes clear the threat of dictatorship but at the same time criticizes those who would attack the system.  This book challenges us all.  Right, left, rationalist, religious...  We're all part of the dark Brave New World.  If you're interested in any types of politics, read this book and think about it."
"""Brave New World"" is not a straightforward dystopia like George Orwell's ""1984"" or Margaret Atwood's ""The Handmaid's Tale"". Huxley is deeply ambivalent, cynically portraying a Utopia, which may indeed be flawed, but is seemingly the only alternative to the political turbulence that existed at the time Huxley wrote the book.""Brave New World"" is extremely well written, and Huxley's wicked sense of humour makes the book tonally varied. It is a disturbing, funny and challenging book that set the precedent for other futuristic dystopias like ""Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?"" by Philip K. Dick, as well the aforementioned Orwell and Atwood books. ""Brave New World"" is unique because it's equivocal - the reader can never be sure what side Huxley is on.Political content aside - Brave New World is a highly enjoyable book and is a good introduction to Huxley's style. I've read it a few times now, and it keeps revealing itself with repeated reads. It is densely layered, chock-full of information to make you think, and question whether you too have been conditioned. Huxley interrogates your prejudices and attitudes about sex with the compulsory child erotic play, the Feelies, and the promiscuity of the World State's citizens. Whether or not the Brave New World is preferable to our own, is up to the reader. Either way it is a must-read."
"This book is heavy on ideas, light on plot.Those looking for an engaging story and characters they can identify with had best look elsewhere. It's a favourite of English teachers everywhere, since it's so good for stimulating class discussion and forcing students to consider such abstract concepts as happiness and totalitarianism. Though this is a noble purpose, it's not really good for much else.Sorry, Aldous Huxley lovers. I'm sticking with Orwell."
"i concur completely with the review further up that says it was a bit disappointing.  i also found a bit more to be desired, because i had had it suggested to me because i had enjoyed 1984 so much.  it does have lots of relevance, and it does make you think, but there is still much to be desired in the story and the characters. i was particularly upset by one thing, they introduced a character at the beginning, i dont recall his name, he was pretty much the antithesis of the main character, very strong and handsome, but he too was not content with the world they lived in.  i thought that he would come up later in the book, perhaps become a prominent character, but there was no mention of him from then on."
"Much praise is heaped upon Huxley for this Novel. In fact it is considered by many to be a classic. For me it was the ideas, which may have been ahead of their time, rather than the actual style of writing itself which deserves to be commended.The future is filled with robotic humanbeings who have been conditioned by 'early childhood training', constant reinforcement, subliminal messages and a breeding program that would eclipse any envisioned by those in the third reich. These humans, if you can call them that, are devoid of any individuality, embracing their oneness with the rest of humankind rather than glorying in their diversity.Their drug-induced happiness, and total submission to authority and the order of things is any freedom loving human-being's nightmare. Amidst all these drones, there is miraculously one man who does not accept the status quo. One who questions, and it is his questioning of the system that leads to his discovery of John Savage, a 'free-born' human being. John Savage's introduction to this brave new world disgusts him. Instead of being overawed by their 'progress' he reels back in horror when he realizes that they have killed the human soul; the only part of them that made them truly human.An interesting sidenote, Huxley quotes Shakespeare extensively through John Savage's character. It could be an interesting exercise trying to work out which Shakespearean works the quotations come from.Read Huxley's book to get a glimpse of a possible future. Even though our future may not be as extreme as Huxley imagines it, there are some similarities between both worlds even today."
"Individuality, an aspect of one's development, is thoroughly explored in Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, a piece of futuristic writing that speaks many truths. By examining a society based on conformity, readers are able to distinguish between the downfalls of conformity and the advantages of individuality.The control of the government reinforces the theme of conformity within a society.  One example would be that embryos are programmed into a certain caste. They can be designated to Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, or Epsilon.  Each caste represents a different level of intellect. If an embryo is fortunate enough to be conditioned into an Alpha, it is  the most intellectual thinker and leader of the society.  Each caste has less intelligence and less strength than the previous caste.  Since the Epsilon is considered to be the weakest, they must perform the tedious tasks that no one else desires. Huxley's incorporation of this example of conformity enlightens the most narrow-minded readers.Another intriguing feature of this novel that pertains to the theme of conformity is Huxley's creative ability to integrate the symbol of the drug, Soma.  This drug takes away all forms of human emotion such as love, happiness, hatred, and desire to name just a few.  Therefore, all individuality is vanished by a simple, yet complex, pill.  The idea behind Soma is that it provides for instant gratification. This enhances the idea of conformity because there are no human urges.  Everyone feels the same way.Huxley's development of the character John Savage adds an interesting twist to the rebellion against conformity. Through this character, Huxley exhibits a strong and free- willed individual.  He speaks of the importance of the arts, science, and religion to gain a life of fulfillment. Unfortunately, his opinions were overpowered by the government's opinions because in the end, John succumbs to the powerful society, though he is appalled of the notion.Aldous Huxley portrays a futuristic society that in a frightening way could come true.  This dystopian, disturbed, society opens the minds of all who engage in this futuristic journey."
"This Utopian/dystopian future offers soma and other carnal pleasures, while manipulating the people into mind-numbing dependence. Huxley explores the evils of a seemingly satisfied and successful society, because that stability is only derived from the loss of freedom and personal responsibility. Part of what has made this book so controversial is the very thing that has made it so successful. We want to believe that technology has the power to save us, but Huxley shows the dangers as well.John claims the ""right to be unhappy."" Mustapha says it's also ""the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat; the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what might happen tomorrow...""By getting rid of all of the most unpleasant things, the society also rid itself of many of the true pleasures in life. There's no real passion. Remembering Shakespeare, John says:""You got rid of them. Yes, that's just like you. Getting rid of everything unpleasant instead of learning to put up with it. Whether 'tis better in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them... But you don't do either.""These men have realized that fear and intimidation have only limited power; after all, these tactics simply build up resentment in the minds of the oppressed. Subconscious persuasion and mind-altering drugs, on the other hand, appear to have no side effects. Add to this the method of genetic engineering, and soon almost all ""pre-Ford"" problems have been wiped out permanently.The caste system of this brave new world is equally ingenious. Free from the burdens and tensions of a capitalistic system which separates people into social classes by natural selection, this dictatorship government is only required to determine the correct number of Alphas, Betas, etc., all the way down the totem pole. There is no class warfare because greed, the basic ingredient of capitalism, has been eliminated. Even Deltas and Epsilons are content to do their manual labor. This contentment arises both from the genetic engineering and the extensive conditioning each individual goes through in childhood.Freedom (as well as art and religion which are results of freedom) in this society has been sacrificed for what Mustapha calls happiness. Indeed almost all of Huxley's characters, save Bernard and John, are content to take their soma ration, go to the feelies (the superficial substitute for actual life), and live their mindless, grey lives. The overwhelming color throughout Brave New World is grey. Everything and everyone seems dull to the reader, except perhaps the Savage, who is the only bright color in the novel. This grey happiness is the ultimate goal of the World Controllers like Mustapha.Yet Mustapha has incorrectly associated lack of pain with happiness. Only the Savage knows that true happiness comes from the knowledge that one has value. He alludes to this when he describes his childhood in the Reservation where the only time he was happy was after he had completed a project with his own two hands. This, not soma, gave him the self-confidence to find happiness. The Savage knows his own value is as an individual, not a member of a collective.Other characters in Brave New World, however, have no concept of self-worth. This results in their inability to find the happiness known to the Savage and the rest of the pre-Ford world which lives in the Reservation. True happiness is a consequence of freedom, not slavery. No slave can experience happiness until he is free. Yes, any slave can experience the contentment of a full belly and a full supply of instant gratification, but this doesn't lead to happiness.Bernard suffers throughout the book, being caught between both worlds. Although he has been conditioned to accept his servitude, he is constantly longing for freedom. He sees this freedom in the Savage, and envies him for possessing the inner happiness- genuine happiness- which Bernard's society outlaws. Huxley uses Bernard to exemplify this struggle between freedom and slavery. Huxley argues that a genuine, free life requires suffering and pain. Men without anguish are men without souls. Huxley's future describes a world without pain and a world without soul."
"After I had read ""1984"" in grade 11,  I figured that I had read THE greatest dystopian novel of all time-- I was wrong. While ""1984"" attacks totalitarianism in general, ""BNW"" satirizes a variety of corrupt systems SOVIET COMMUNISM, CAPITALISM, CONSUMERISM, ORGANIZED RELIGION (brilliantly through the concept of the drug ""soma""). It compares and contrasts two opposite societies, arriving at some interesting conclusions and a compelling ending. Throughout,  the story raises deep questions about what progress means for society while showcasing a world where science and technology have not only increased the standard of living,  but also enslaved the masses. After reading ""BNW"" in grade 13, I developed a deep interest in the genre of dystopian fiction. There has been much debate amongst my peers over whether the progressive ""Brave New World"" is an example of HEAVEN or HELL or perhaps the ""savage reserve"" is heaven or hell...you read and decide."
"To really understand this brilliant book,the essential thing is to grasp that it is a caricature of life in the U.S, especially Southern California, where Huxely spent the last forty or so years of his own life.The material plenty of Brave New World; the social duty to consume and spend money; the preference for synthetic products over natural ones; the emphasis on people's physical appearance, including their ""lustrous"" smiles; the obligation to be happy as well as bland; the tendency to think in short, pithy epithets that are manufactured by experts in emotional engineering; the equality of women, which makes them shameless; the instability of social relations and the family (which has been eradicated); the fear of being alone or inactive; the ""resort"" as a way of spending one's leisure; the everlasting hunt for sensation; names such as ""Morgana Rothschild"", ""Benito Hoover"" and, of course, ""Lenina Crowne"", all of which point to a society without roots; these, and many other things in the book, are simply facets of the United States magnified, distorted, and made fun of.Had Huxely's American readers understood the mirror he is holding up to their face, no doubt they would have crucified him as, at various times, they did other ""Un-American"" writers. Fortunately, like the heroes of Brave new World, they are not capable of introspection. So much the better for him, and for the rest of us who are not American."
I never read this book in high school like I should have.  So I thought I would get the audio cassette version.  Well I can tell you that I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Michael York does an excellent reading although his girly voices will make you laugh at first.I guess if I had read this when I was in high school I would have never realized what an anti-communist book it was.  I would have thought that it was a sci-fi book with all the cool helicopters and other transportation devices.  The impersonal part about baby factory made me feel cold.  I couldn't imagine growing up with no relatives or not knowing who your family was.  The morality with all the people having sex all the time was different except for the fact that you were not allowed to have the choice not to have sex if you didn't want it.The savage's lives were a little too moralistic for me but I guess it was written in the 1930s.  He just over emphasized his feelings of love and was too appalled by people having sex all the time.The overall message was insightful still showing how it is always better to have freedom of choice then to be bound to the collective.This is a good book or tape for high school age people to listen to.
"The characters are irritating and one-dimensional. The too frequent shifting points of view are unnecessary and confusing. Aside from the occasional glimmers of dry wit (not including the ""Our Ford"" joke which tires out quickly), the writing is for the most part flat. Even the orgy scenes manage to be dull. The latter half of the novel is simply a rant of Huxley's personal beliefs, all of which have been stated elsewhere and more eloquently. There are no real deep societal insights. In short, extremely overrated."
"At the foremost beginning of this novel, I was presently surprised that this book was what it surely seemed to be. Even though Aldous Huxley, the author, was very in-depth with all the matters of this ""brave new world"", Huxley, seeming intentionally to make the affairs of these characters public. Showing that this frail society of inventors, in Freud's world of perfection, was in-fact defect and a result of a greater problem with themselves at the very heart of the situation.The characters, by design, are with out a doubt shallow, and find it hard to maintain a singular deep relationship with anyone but him or herself! Furthermore, this novel is plainly a disgust to read. If not finding it a pleasure to read, but how about for ridicule among those whom read it? To think that a society, like this one, could be thought as having any type of perfection is insane. This particular Utopian society is a jumbling mess. Perhaps the idea for this story is to place the image in our minds eye that at any given moment societal views could be skewed.  Upon the reminiscing of all the information compiled into this one book, I find that Shakespeare would have something to say about this particular concept of thinking. Besides, he is a key element to the later part of this book however; I do credit Huxley for his creativeness in this venture. Seemingly fearless to write on such a topic, un-avoiding the possibility for a fueled debate on such a matter. The courage one must have in attempting to elaborate on such a confrontational issue is bold alone in itself. He deserves the praise of a true literary marvel. Huxley has a masterful mind, challenging those who might revolt to such literature. I have a feeling that this novel will continue to bring controversy to the market even in the twenty-first century as it did in the thirties, and the interest of all whom may read it. This novel is a drug, like soma, that keeps you coming back for more, no matter how much you dislike the book. It becomes very addicting.  I have read the online responses time and time again for A Brave New World and it still baffles me why some think a perfect world, with happy people, sterile and having test-tubing, daily drugs to numb pain and more is any way logical whatsoever. What's the point to this all? The question remains as, why? The issue of concern is that in this World State,in which they live is not perfect, they are not perfect. What defines perfect? You decide."
"Brave New World is an excellent book. However it was more then a book it is a commentary. It was written in 1931 at the rise of Nazism. The story is about a ""perfect"" world where humans are made in labs. This ""perfect world"" also bans the Bible and Shakespere the two biggest icons of humanity. The controller, Mustapha reads these books, but thinks they are useless. A ""savage"" by the name of John enters this perfect world and can't except it. He faced many hardships in the society and only wanted to seek solitude. He runs into people with names strangely similar to those of prominet people in the early 20th Century. Marx-Karl Marx. Lennia-Lenin,Pop`e- Pope. In the end John wants to control his own fate and commmits suicide."
"I didn't really enjoy reading this book too much. The main characters were annoying, and the writing style was unnecessarily confusing. The only redeeming quality to the book was the valid and interesting points on civilization as a whole. Many reasonable problems were brought up, and not only brought up, but answered as well. Overall, it is not even close to the best books I've read, but it is far from the worst."
"About 650 years into the future.  A bit dated at times.  Although one interesting future game concept comes to mind, 'obstacle golf'.Totalitarianism and humanism is the new society now.  Maybe he is not to far off on this, judging by how society is slowly heading that way.  The world of today can be more frightening than fiction.No wars, no starvation, no pestilence.No need for deep thought, for we are pre-programmed for each purpose in which society now demands.  Of course there is a wonderful feel good pill to keep the mind in perpetual happiness.There is still a civilization that is allowed to dwell outside of the 'perfect world', who are a mix of savage and God fearing people.Read how these civilizations then clash, with hostility?, no, just the opposite.Huxley is known for his humanist thinking.  This amazing book could only come from such a mind.The concept of his 'Brave new world' makes an incredibly interesting story, but I did not find it as capturing as many others have.Think of the movie 'Logan's Run' when you read it."
"Brave New WorldBy Aldous Huxley Tying in concepts of science, conformity, and society, Aldous Huxley introduces readers to his ideas of the future in Brave New World. The book shows Huxley's extreme creativity with ""feely movies"", people being created in test tubes, and hypnopaedia. There are so many concepts, motifs, and themes, it is hard to distinguish them all. The main concept readers grasp is a social and scientific revolution. Brave New World lets us follow many little stories, all taking place in the future. There is ""civilization"" and the rest of the non-conformed world When the two are brought together, both sides are equally fascinated. The member of the uncivilized world becomes disgusted with the new worlds lifestyle of sexual promiscuity, technology advances and constant happiness. People are generic and unaware of the hardships in life, as simple as mosquitoes and pests, and if anything upset them, they took a gramme of their precious euphoric drug and mentally left society.  ""Civilization"" has no tolerance for mothers or fathers and individualism; the sole fact that the `savage' was born the natural way caused a huge uproar. Books are in verbal form and Shakespeare, the Bible and anything with a unique voice are completely unknown to their perfect world. Everyone is generically made through a long scientific process and then conditioned for many things, like emotional detachment to anything, and sexual playtime being acceptable. When people start developing a mind of their own, they are shipped to an island to be themselves, instead of corrupting society. The major downfall to the book is the slow reading, while reading the long scientific processes, my eyes crossed and I had to force myself to refocus. There really is no stated plot, just a bunch of ideas of  society, human nature, and the revolutionary future of freedom and captivity. Towards the end of the book, the story really becomes interesting, and ends in an unexpected twist, leaving you wanting to read more (finally!). Brave New World is a definite `must-read'  just because Huxley was so innovative in writing it."
"Huxley did an amazing job of foreshadowing a possible future for our human species when he wrote Brave New World. The story begins with an introduction to utopian life where people are not born, but engineered, and conditioned from birth. Their lives are planned out and pre-destined, not subject to cause and effect. Happiness is expected and if one starts feeling overly stressed or upset, soma, a drug similar to ecstasy, is taken in grammes to alter the disposition. Sex plays an unusual and rather comedic role providing an antithesis to the way our society views it. Individuality is scorned, tolerance for lower castes is not allowed, and heaven forbid you question your way of life. But this is exactly what Bernard Marx, our antagonist proceeds to do. Full of plot twists, symbolism, and themes that force you to relate modern society with that of the utopia described, Brave New World is a literary masterpiece that is well worth the read."
"Imagine what the world would be without diseases or wars, a real Utopia. Imagine a world where the very thought of criticising others would not occur to someone's mind. That is exactly what `Brave New World', written by Aldous Huxley, is about.People aren't born anymore but they are bred in laboratories and raised using a certain method called hypnopaedia. Every day and night certain sentences are being repeated over and over. This way they get brainwashed, resulting in everyone being happy while doing their job. Personal view does not exist anymore. People are divided in classes alpha to epsilon with alpha as highest class.Everyone is happy besides one person. He doesn't fit into this society, having his own opinion. This gives him terrible problems and costs him his life in the end.The book really gives you the creeps and it makes you think about whether or not this future is so perfect after all. Especially the fact that everyone gives the same standard, brainwashed answer to a question gives the dreadful image of a world with only robots, programmed to do only their job. A very good book."
"A Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, is truly a classic.  This science fiction story of a Utopian society is a must read.  This story was set in the future when it was written.  It begins in ""civilization"" where everyone is always happy.  You are ""conditioned"" or taught since you were little to be this way.  You have no choice in what to do with your life, or what your social status will be.  That is all decided before you are ""decanted"" or born.  The ""world controller says it best when he says, ""...The world's stable now.  People are happy; they get what they want, ant they never want what they can't get.  They're well off; they're safe; they're never ill; they're not afraid of death; they're blissfully ignorant of passion and old age; they're plagued with no mothers or fathers' they've got no wives, or children, or lovers to feel strongly about; they're so conditioned that they practically can't help behaving as they ought to behave.""  The main characters are Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowne.  This story follows their relationship, and that of people they meet.  They start out dating and go on vacation together.  For this vacation, they go to the one place where life is still like it is now.  They find something that is completely different than anything that they have ever seen.  It throws the whole society for a loop.  On a scale of one to ten I would give this book a nine.  There were still some things that I was unsure of when I finished, and it seemed to just end abruptly, but over all, it was a good read.  I would highly recommend it.  It kept me interested, and was not too long or difficult to read.  If you can make it through the first fifty pages, which use a lot of scientific terms, then I can guarantee that you will not be bored."
"Huxley's Brave New World is a story about the future world and how bad things our in their 'civilization'.  Everything deals with how to get as many clones as they can, sex, and artificial happiness.The beginning of the book was very slow, but then so was the whole book.  I never could understand what Huxley was trying to portray with all the recreational sex and artificial happiness, which was achieved by taking a pill supplement.  By writing about the future, as he characterizes it, he is telling us about how dark and disgusting the world might be in the future.  Something must be wrong with him if he thinks this is how the world will turn out.I give this book 1.1 stars out of 5."
"I couldn't stand 1984, though I'm going to make myself read it again anyway just to see how much better Brave New World really is...but so far I'm saying its a must read book."
A disturbing yet intriguing view of what the world could be. a must read for any alternate history or sci-fi fans and I would stongly reccomend it to anyone that simply enjoys a great book.
"Imagine a world of hedonistic automatons conditioned, predestined, and narcotized from conception insensate to morality, religiosity and individuality.A world where material consumption grinning sardonically imprisons intellectual and spiritual enlightenment.Aldous Huxley gives one a glimpse into a future oligarchic society ruling by indifference rather than fear.How can you fight lifelong genetic and social conditioning?The parallels with ""modern"" societies are eerie haunting us at every corner reminding us how much we share with Romero's zombie hordes.Anesthetized by salvos of the latest celebrity gossip and fed the ""party line"" in the self-congratulatory unregulated cult of mainstream journalism we rarely question. If we do it is within a predetermined framework with narrowly defined parameters. A critical outsider, like the protagonist in the story, is swiftly discredited ridiculed and often exiled to an island of loneliness.You are either with us or against us. Sound familiar?Huxley touches upon many old and new  debates including the nature and origin of the God concept, the use of gene therapy and cloning, the ethics of subliminal suggestion, the morality of polygamy, the value of ignorance in tyranny, the advantage of a caste system, the right of the strong to rule the weak, the cruelty of animal experimentation and  the validity of suicide.I particulary enjoyed the jargon often symbolic always original."
"Brave New World is perhaps the most portentous novel ever written in predicting the future design of society. Written in 1932, this science fiction satire has become more realistic than many would hope to experience. Saturated with pharmaceutical commercials promising mind-numbing nirvana, automobile ads full of picturesque non-existing vistas, and porn laden pop-ups offering short lived euphoria, today's commercially explicite society has come to parallel much of what Huxley described in this novel.Comprised of a society of the Alpha's, Beta's, Gamma's, and Epsilon's, with the former achieving human perfection in beauty, emotional control, and happiness through bio-technically enhanced means, the Brave New World is increasingly visible with the massive divide between the haves and the have nots, between those seeking immediate, consistent, short-term gratification and those experiencing long-term castigation and alienation.  With our private islands, botox treatments, and continuous obsession with celebrity and luxury, the Alpha's of today are promulgating the destructive divide that is resulting between the hegomonic power-brokers of today and those reviling against its rampant consumerism.  This novel must be explored multiple times as its deep-seated fundamental message continues to be more prescient with each passing moment."
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is undoubtedly a great book. There are always comparisons between it and Orwell's classic 1984, namely because they are both so-called ""dystopias.""I would say that Brave New World is not as enjoyable as 1984, but it is probably better. I say this because it seems more likely to me that our society will become like Huxley's ""World State"" than Orwell's ""Oceania."" The reason is that the ""World State"" is a (distorted) view of progress in which birth is determined by an elaborate eugenics system and people get all their happiness from state-sactioned ... and ...., whereas ""Oceania"" is a nightmarish halt of progress. I'm not sure that made much sense, but if you read both (and you should), you may understand what I mean.And despite what I said about the book not being as enjoyable as 1984, I still managed to read the thing in a couple of days."
"The book was written for people of Mr. Huxley's time (mostly Christians of the Western world), but intended as a contribution to lasting literature. The book's concept is its strength, simplistic characterizations and inconsistent plot lines are its weaknesses. Huxley does a good job of detailing the factory state and reasons for its development. The characters are sketches that do not behave according to the internal logic Huxley ascribed to them. Most striking is ""the Savage's"" ability to speak and interact with Londoners in the Brave New World immediately upon release from his accidental upbringing in an uncivilized reservation, though he rejects their values. Significantly weakening the story were ""the Savage's"" arguments that it is natural for humans to believe in a single omnipotent God and that this belief gives life meaning. The problem with this argument is subtle, but reveals Huxley's religious chauvinism (or the chauvinism he ascribed to the audience he was writing for -- he was after all trying to sell books) when faced with social history of which Huxley was well aware: he knew that many millennium long-lasting societies had beliefs in many gods, rather than just one, that often the gods were personification of forces who were not the source of meaning so much as arbiters of human fate. In the 70 years since its writing, the factory state Huxley saw developing has evolved in complex ways, while societies make stronger and conflicting religious and moral assertions."
"I often rate a book/movie/etc by what new ideas it offers to me as a reader, and this book gets the highest rating based on that criterion alone. Huxley's ideas on how a utopian state would function is thoroughly absorbing. Take, for example, how Huxley describes the ""conditioning"" of the kids so that they behave in a certain way. The scene in the beginning of the book in which the babies are conditioned to hate books and flowers is chilling and amazing. The nature of relationships in this world are also interesting, as people are encouraged to have as many partners as possible and are forbidden to actually ""love"" a person. That is definitely a teenage boy's wet dream. Huxley could have really dug deep and explored the nature of relationships in this world, but he doesn't do so. He is more interested in the institutions that keep the people in a permanent state of happiness, than in the people themselves. This could be a reason why, while ideas and processes are well-described in this book, character development often suffers.Comparisons with 1984 cannot be avoided. Brave New World is better at describing the workings of the state and how the different ""departments"" of the state function to control the people in the state. 1984, on the other hand, tells its tale more from the point of view of the people being controlled, which is why it gives the reader a better emotional connection with its well-developed characters and relationships. In conclusion, I would say both books are must-reads as they will offer different things to you as a reader."
this book is horrible... never read it.  first its dull and a little gross but i hate how Huxley actually thought it was similar to the present.  the message in the book is people can't change.  Its probably one of my least favorite books.  dont waste your money.
"Could this happen?  A world where ""civilization is sterilization"".  A world where eugenics and state-sponsored conditioning determines the likely outcome of everything, including an individual's proclivities, dreams, and ambitions.  A world where freedom of thought is disdained in the interest of stability and happiness.  A world where God has been dethroned and locked in a closet because mankind no longer has any use for Him.  In Huxley's Brave New World, all choices have been eliminated and replaced with a pre-programmed sense of self and duty.  Although written long ago, this work still presents the reader with many relevant things to think about today.  And it is somewhat disturbing to notice that many of things that compose this brave new world are, in fact, either in place today, or someone is working on them."
"I really enjoyed reading this book, originally for an english class. This seems much more likely than George Orwell's 1984. I actually see many of the things in this book happening now; the disposable clothes, more sex, more birth control, test tube babies, reliance on drugs. It's all very interesting considering the time when he wrote it. I think he wrote it very well, many of the things he was writing about had not come into existence. I seem to relate quite well to Bernard in the story, being American and Latin in a Latin country at the moment. It's a combination of fitting in and not wanting to I think. I like the way Huxley Has the social classes and personal thoughts mixed in the reading. It seems to me that some day very soon many of the things in the book are very possible to occur. I'm planning on re-reading this book a couple of times to get every detail out of it that I can. Sadly this book is not for eveyone, I'm afraid you probably won't like it if you don't enjoy technology as much as I do. then again, you just may like it. I highly recommend it."
"this book was really good. i started reading it because it was on a college book list i had gotten, but i finished the whole book in 3 days... without giving away anything... it was a facinating story about how future life could really turn out to be like."
"I had to read this book for a general psychology class.  I expected it to be extremely odd and hard to understand.  It was a little on the odd side, but I actually made it through the entire book (not a common thing because I don't have a lot of time on my hands to just sit down and read a book).  I bought the cliffs notes for it as well, which helped when I would read the summary and explanation before I would read the book itself.  Overall, a really well written and interesting book."
"First of all, to weigh any bias I may have towards my review, Brave New World is my favorite novel so far. (I say so far, because I have many more to read in my lifetime.) I feel that the theme of the book, the reason that makes it so powerful, the reason it is a work of genius, is completely overlooked.Many people label Brave New World as one of the ""dystopias"", with 1984 and We. Both are great books and accurately portray a true dystopia, but Brave New World is completely different!If you would read the forward by Aldous Huxley, you will find the true meaning of Brave New World. He was not speaking of politics, with a communist rule taking over and instilling the Utopia on people, or how society could go wrong on itself.The true purpose of Brave New World is labeling insanity. Huxley says how hard it is to be truely sane. Society (the utopia) and religion (the land of the barbarians) are the two insanities we face. In the preface he regrets not having put in a middle opportunity, like the opportunity we are currently in, but the two extremes were brilliantly written in the novel.This book single-handedly shows you how insane we are as we live in society, and how insane we are when we go to church, temple, synagogue, or worship any diety, spirit, etc. Have you ever wondered WHY you worship these invisible things, why you hold allegance to invisible borders in countries, and why you fall victim of the irrationality of both society and religion?Perhaps the most gripping scene of the entire novel is the end, in which the Utopians are laughing at the man whipping himself in repent. The scene is a summary of the main idea in Brave New World, that religion and society are insane!I think people are missing out on one of the greatest books of the twentieth century."
"""The Wanting Seed"" is equal to Eugene Zamiatin's 1925 work titled ""We."" It outdistances Orwell's ""1984"" and Huxley's ""Brave New Worlds"" in originality and is easy to understand and your mind's eye gets a picture that is believed. It keeps pace with today's changing attitudes in different life-styles and public acceptance of infidivual differences. It is not Utopia, but it is not such a horrible dis-Utopia either, but something one might accept with reservation. If only it were turned into a motion picture like the film titled ""A Clockwork Orange."""
"I listened to this book on audiocassette, and as I listened, I kept asking myself - what is Huxley getting at? What is he preaching with this book? It was obvious he had a point. But I don't think the point is as obvious as we (the people of 2003 - living in a type of Brave New World) assume it to be. It is not condemnation of utopia. That is too blatently obvious throughout the book.I think Huxley was hinting at something more subtle. Perhaps he himself did not understand the answers to the questions he was exploring.Personally, I think that the most interesting issue in Brave New World is the way that Huxley deals with the existence of God and mankind's basic need for a supreme being. Yes, Huxley painted a clearer portrait of the future than even he could have guessed. Yes, Huxley was a master at pointing out the tragic trend of people to distract and amuse themselves without thought, for the purpose of avoiding truth. But - I think that his real emphasis was on that very ""Truth."" Utopias are created because man does not want to acknowledge the need for God. And Huxley's theme alternates between a denial of the need for God(clearly, the God of Christianity) and an acknowledgment that, for every person, some god is essential.An example of Huxley's real emphasis is found in John the Savage and his coming face to face with sacrifice. He wants to redeem himself, give himself up for a greater being - and, in the end, he offers his ""supreme sacrifice."" But John's sacrifice is tainted. He strove to be pure, but he was hindered by an orgy, by soma, by sin that only he knew to be sin. Is Huxley essentially saying, ""There can be no perfect sacrifice""? Is he saying that we beat ourselves up for a nonexistent God only because(like John) we have been conditioned to believe in God? John himself rejected the latter argument in his conversation with the Controller. But at the end of the book, it seems that the Controller turned out right.It is interesting to note that John, in a sense, was a Christ-like figure. Perhaps Huxley intentionally created that similarity.What about John's plea that he must lose himself in something greater...more pure than himself? John tried to make an atonement for himself and he tried to redeem the people around him. He failed to do either.In the end, the ""civilized"" people found greater fulfillment losing themselves in an ""ogie-pogie"" orgy to Ford(their man-made deity)than any fulfillment John ever found in sacrifice and ""trying to be good"" on his own (John's man-made deity was himself).Throughout the book, Huxley seemingly points out the necessity of sacrifice, and of losing oneself in something greater. There are many other references to Christianity in this book. I'm still not exactly sure what Huxley is getting at. Obviously, he is saying there is no real happiness in fulfilling your every lust. But he also seems to be suggesting that neither is there any satisfaction in denying those lusts or giving them up for a greater good.This book made me think. However, I don't think I can swallow Huxley's theory of religion like a blind fish.Huxley asks the question: Where is true fulfillment and happiness found?But he offers no answers.Perhaps the question ought to be: Can we ever find fulfillment of desire and true happiness without knowing God? Or rather, can we know God except through Christ? (John the Savage understood sacrifice and giving himself up for what he thought was god, but he didn't come to God through Christ. He came through Himself and he was a failure.) This core truth of Christianity (Christ's sacrifice for mankind) is the axis upon which spins a world of pleasure-seekers who love to avoid the truth. I think that people can only understand and apply the message of Brave New World when they read it with minds that understand the truth. Huxley (and John the Savage) is right: there is no real fulfillment or satisfaction or pleasure without sacrifice. Neither is there true joy in sacrificing ourselves, with nothing returned to us but pain. But Huxley failed to take it a step further. So did John the Savage. Because the truth is that there is perfect peace in accepting someone else's (Christ's) perfect sacrifice for us. And deep down, we all know that is the truth."
"After reading this book the one thing i felt was fear. What i was afraid of im afraid i cannot totally say without spoiling the book. What i can say is this, Huxley was a literary prophet his work in Brave new world was so prophetic it scares me. Enjoy this book or not you must see the signifigance of is and its referrence to society and the decline. Please to better yourself and society, read this book."
"I remember being forced to read this back in my senior year of high school and hating every single word of it. Now, after a few years, and at a few urgings from friends, I find this to be frighteningly insightful and enjoyable read.The syposis is about a near perfect world where everyone bioengineered and predestined into a caste system mere moments after the egg is fertilized. But that's okay because conditioning, sex and feel-good drugs make every one in this brave new world happy with what they are doing and who they are.For high school seniors about to read this book, I suggest the best way to read BNW is to approach it as a thinking-man's sci-fi novel. No doubt your teacher will go on and on about symbolism, themes and messages, making the book more pretentious than it actually needs to be. But there is some great stuff to think about. For example, what I found highly enjoyable was the fact that this was written fifty years before the first test tube baby and close to seventy years before Dolly the cloned sheep was conceived. The narrative is contemporary and save for a few trips to the dictionary, no more difficult to get through than reading Sagan, Herbert, Clark or even Crichton. When it does get to the philosophic debate towards the end, it's too late and you are hooked. The verbal battle between John Savage and Moustafa Mond is fast, scathing and radical and presented in a dialogue that is accessible. I enjoyed this part much more the second time around. I leave it to the reader to find thier own interpretation of Huxley's ""message"". There is one and it's very obvious. But I beg you not to over-intellecualize the enjoyment out of this fine book. Highly recommended whether you are in high school or not!"
"Brave New World is an excellent book and, what's more, one that seems to be becoming more relevant all the time in our fast paced world. And unlike many other books with a similar philosophical orientation, Brave New World is quite refreshing, as Huxley's prose is somehow manages to be clear, elegant and insightful without being overly obvious.As regards the actual plot, Brave New World is in essence a portrayal of a utopia (or dystopia, depending how you look at it) in which there is constant prosperity, people are always content, as they are well provided for and have been programmed to like their society in all respects. This programming is undertaken by workers in charge of breeding the future citizens of this idyllic world, which is united under one government, under Ford. As everybody has been programmed to like their class and job, everybody is constantly content and has no wish to do anything other than what is required of them. If they happen to become depressed, of course, there is always the mood altering drug Soma.Through presenting a few individuals who do not exactly fit into this molded world, however, Huxley presents us with a challenging and endlessly interesting question: What can possibly be wrong with a world in which everybody is happy, even if there is no real free will involved in actuality? If we can make ourselves superficially content and never have to suffer a moment of desperation or uncertainty, why not just do that? With the help of William Shakespeare and a young man from a ""savage reservation,"" Huxley explores the alternatives to his invented society's promotion of mindless satisfaction. Should true art and the deep thought and emotion that inspires it be sacrificed to perpetual happiness without thought or deeper feeling? Or is the attempt to find these deeper meanings just silly and self-defeating, as we will all meet the same fate in the end?In this era of quick entertainment, instant gratification and materialism unbounded, there are no better questions to be asking than these, the ones at the heart of Brave New World. Pick up a copy and start to read - in addition to being quite interesting as a science-fiction book or portrayal of a future world, Brave New World is a book that inspires a lot of thinking about our lives today."
"Curiously enough, ""Brave New World"" is about happiness. Huxley describes an anti-utopian society where everyone is happy, everyone is ""programmed"" to be happy while leading the life they are ""programmed"" to lead. And then, all of a sudden, we're facing John the Savage, who comes from a reservation, and what he asks for is the right to get cancer and syphilis, the right to become old and ugly, the right to be unhappy.""Brave New World"" deals with a lot of issues that are important today, for example: do we have the right to make people ""happy""? If there was a drug available that had no side effects, but made everyone content, would it be ok to take it on regular basis?The world Huxley describes is too close to reality for comfort. The world we live in hasn't become like that (yet), but then there are things like cloning, genetic engineering and other scientific ""achievements"" that allow changing nature - and they are accepted as normal. Man is becoming a product whose properties can be chosen as seen fit; who is bothered by the ethic problems that come along when it comes to accepting giving birth to a third female child, not a male one, really?A frequently overlooked detail of the book is that, although the human society located in the reservations is ""better"" than the ""civilized"" world and the relationships between people there are more alike those of our society, that society doesn't accept John - just because he's different and partly because of his mother's ""sins"". Which, by the way, presents another important question: his mother is ""programmed"" to sin - can she be held responsible?""When progress becomes one's God, one dies a slave."""
"I found that the idea behind a Brave New World was intresting, but the book itself was pretty boring. Brave New World is a lot like 1984. For example it dealt with society in the feature and described a totalatarian government. Except in Brave New Wold there is not much of a story line and you never get to know the characters. The whole book is pretty much just describing how their society is run. Another poroblem I found with this book is that there is never a climax and nothing exciting happens. I was pretty disappointed after reading because it had the potential to be so much better."
"I found that the idea behind a Brave New World was intresting, but the book itself was pretty boring. Brave New World is a lot like 1984. For example it dealt with society in the feature and described a totalatarian government. Except in Brave New Wold there is not much of a story line and you never get to know the characters. The whole book is pretty much just describing how their society is run. Another poroblem I found with this book is that there is never a climax and nothing exciting happens. I was pretty disappointed after reading because it had the potential to be so much better."
"I never saw the point of buying a book rather than checking it out of the library - why would you read something again if you already know what's going to happen? This book changed all that (of course). It's easy to read because the language is descriptive without being wordy or archaic and VERY hard to put down because something is always happening. I planned to read a chapter a night but I usually wound up reading three or four. One caveat: read the prologue after you read the book because 1)it gives away the ending, and 2)you'll get more out of it that way."
"This book was very confusing for me. It started out very slow and didnt introduce the main characters till the middle of the book.  It reminds me of the book ""1984"".  It takes place in the future and most everyone is under control ecept for the people with free minds live on resirvations.  They keep the people under control with a drug called ""soma"".  It drugs them so they dont know whats going on.  I do not recommend this book to anyone [...]"
"When Brave New World was published (in the 1930s), the thought of a totalitarian form of government taking over a large portion of the world (or even the whole world) was not impossible.  Today, of course, that threat seems more distant, but the possibility is still there.  The most horrifying effect of this new, dictatorial civilization is the corruption of art and science.  As Huxley himself points out in his foreword to this edition, his ""Brave New World"" is one in which science has been greatly perverted.  Instead of science being used for the convenience of man, man is being molded and shaped according to the progress of science--a terrible possibility.This Brave New World is one in which everyone is happy.  This happiness comes, though, at the expense of both passion and thought.  People are happy because they cannot be passionate--they do not pine over a lost love, do not desire anything they can't have (they have sexually promiscuous relationships indiscriminately, and say ""everyone belongs to everyone""), and do not ever feel sorrow at the death of someone they know.  They are created artificially, and thus have no parents or familial connections.  They never marry.  And even if they DO ever feel depressed or overwhelmed, they can always take soma (a mind-altering drug which does the job of alcohol and narcotics without the side-effects) and take a `holiday' from their troubles.People are `conditioned' to feel and act a certain way from conception.  There is no concept of instinct--every ideal, thought, feeling and belief a person has comes about both because of certain injections they received while fetuses and because of various messages played to them in their sleep when children.  In effect, they are programmed, and feel no pain or sorrow because they are not conditioned to.  This raises an interesting question--are these people really oppressed?  After all, they are happy, they feel none of the sorrows and difficulties that free-thinking people do.  And their lost liberties (thought, feeling, etc) are not missed--in fact, they don't even know they should miss them.  ""Mother"" is an obscene word, and so is ""chastity.""The central conflict of this book comes when a ""savage"" (from a `savage' reservation in the Southern US where people are allowed to continue with familial and religious beliefs, but not allowed to leave) is brought from the reservation to live in society.  His home on the reservation was dirty, stinky, and full of hate, cruelty, and disease, yet, in the end, he actually prefers this kind of existence to the carefree one he is forced to live.  In effect, he would rather have liberty, and all the pain that comes with it, than ignorant bliss.This is one of the most thought-provoking novels of the twentieth century, and deserves a place next to such books as 1984, Animal Farm, and Slaughterhouse Five.  It is perhaps less-known than these other classics, but it is every bit as good and ingenious a story, and every bit as poignant in its look at society."
"I read ""Brave New World"" in high school, and the raging debate in our classroom was ""Which view of the future is more probably, the one in ""1984"" or Huxley's mad scientist view?""We decided it was more likely ""1984."" After all, the Cold War was with us, nuclear destruction was on our minds and the Viet Nam War looked suspiciously like the war with Eastasia. We had World War II's Stalin as a model of Big Brother, complete with moustache.Yet, now that it is 2003 and way past 1984, it's apparent that author Huxley was incredibly prescient. He set a tragedy modeled on Shakespeare (Othello mixed with elements of The Tempest--hence the title ""Brave New World"". ) It's set in a futuristic state where babies are cloned and grown extra-utero in glass jars. A happy state of drugged complacence (Prozac?) is the norm. Sex is free of emotional ties, in fact, promiscuity and gratuitous sex are required by law! Entertainment is mindless (Disco? Survivor? Joe Millionaire?) and real literature and art are subversive.This book is a must-read and it will change how you view our cultural. For me, re-reading this book was like reading it for the first time. Our cultural environment has changed so much since the time I first read this book in the Sixties that it was as if I had read another book entirely.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
"The phrase ""Just do it."" may seem ordinary and simple but to those who have been exposed to Brave New World such a phrase is symbolic of what some may call Aldous Huxley's vision. In his vision of technological advancement, Huxley proposed a very enlightening prophecy. It would be one that the future would prove to be most accurate and realistic. As a visionary, Huxley's work is not only a cold portrait of the future but a warning of what is yet to come if man does not conquer his need for instant gratification and his fascination with technology.In Brave New World `s ominous setting, Huxley illustrates a society, which parallels to the world that we know. In this world we see the promotion of drugs, sex, and unity. Huxley uses this world to question the direction of where we as a people are headed. He questions our future through his vision. His many visions allow us to peak into his thought. For example, he envisioned a place in which, life was created in a lab instead of between two human beings. He also imagined the destruction of life due to a nine-year war. Huxley's entire book is evidence of him being a visionary. It is in his many foresights from classes of human beings to the pre-conditioning of minds that we see his vision and what would eventually manifest into his prophecies.Huxley's prophecies are extremely accurate. Huxley sends a fierce warning to the world by showing how technology could eventually lead you to become Epsilons in a world where, ""We also predestine and condition. We decant our babies as socialized human being, Alphas or Epsilons, as future sewage workers."" Such a prophecy has yet to come true but many others such as the creation of life due to cloning. Despite arguments the science world has created clones of animals, like the well-known Dolly. Some believe we have also cloned humans. Among other prophecies was the promotion of sex. With the overflow the internet and pornography such a prophecy is fulfilled. Like those people within Brave New World they are able to access information regarding sex very easily. In fact, it was promoted with the younger children experimenting with each other's bodies. Today, with a few clicks of a keyboard a children can indulge themselves in enough information regarding sex that they could make a career in sharing such information. Another prophecy is the conditioning of our minds with phrases like ""the ending is better than mending"". Today's conditioning is done to consumers with phrases like ""Hungry Why Wait?"" and ""Can you hear me now?"". In a sense, Huxley's biggest prophecy is the destruction of everyday feelings such as pain, fear, pride, and individuality. With the world of science and the influence of television such a prophecy is true. Both science and television allow you to conform to a certain way if you choose to. Science allows you to change your body or create a false high like those with soma. Television allows everyone to conform to a certain style and promotes certain behavior through entertainment. Huxley's prophecies are evident and are extremely accurate.It is in the curiosity and instant gratification of man that will drive mankind into the abyss of a Brave New World. Huxley illustrated such an idea through his indirect reference to Henry Ford. Ford, most known for the assembly line influenced a mass movement. It was a movement toward production but not just any type of production, mass production. Thus, people began to desire for items and they were readily accessible. In the long run this affects people in general not because of the production but because of the mentality. It is in that mentality that we see the citizens of Brave New World eager to want and receiving. It is in that desire that we loose what gratification we hold for those things which do not come easily. Instead we settle for those things, which characterize a utopia, happiness, unity, and joy. By doing this we give up the right to be free, the right to think, and ultimately, the right to live.Aside from instant gratification it is the curiosity of man that will lead him into a utopia. Man has the desire to reach the unreachable. It is the knowledge in Brave New World allowed them the know how of cloning people. This curiosity is what allowed them to forget about the past and focus on the future. With curiosity of man comes the grace of technology. Huxley clearly illustrates that technology allowed these people to condition the minds of others and pre-determine their purpose in life. The paradox in with this is that the items that are supposedly making our lives easier will eventually lead to our destruction.Brave New World cannot be prevented. Man has a desire to learn. With that desire to learn he finds a way to make life easier. He also finds knowledge. With that knowledge comes a desire for one thing or another. In the end the focus is placed on bringing about an instant feeling of good. When we continue to focus on what makes us feel good then fate will lead us to a utopia. It is inevitable. This world will become our Brave New World"
"After reading both Aldous Huxley's Brave New World and George Orwell's 1984, I have come to the conclusion that both of these men were not so much visionaries or prophets, but they did see the world in a different light than most: they saw it in its true light. I just read BNW and was absolutely blown away that someone had done such a great job at attempting to portray the scary rate at which we are sending this world into a state of total denial, where we allow propaganda to rule us, and to lose our voice completely. Huxley's writing style, which moves swiftly and smoothly, really captures the essence of a world in which everything is just assumed to be the right thing and no one speaks out. The society in the novel is basically one where everything works very orderly, and anything out of the order is considered to be uncivilized. And when life becomes too much for a given person, they can take the precious soma tablets which, knowing Huxley's extensive drug experimentation, would supposed to resemble acid or other strong hallucinogens. I loved this book and could not get enough of how nearly everything that Huxley commented on was true, or something that is headed down the road for the future. Some people read material by Orwell and Huxley and are scared by the things that they basically predict that will happen in the not-so-far future. However, I just listen to these predictions and I don't think of them as predicitons. I think of them as true statements about today's world and the things to come if we continue to follow down this path."
"After reading CONQUEST OF PARADISE, a frightening book about the decline of civilization into a worldwide totalitarian police state, I was compelled to go back and read this classic.  In BRAVE NEW WORLD, Aldous Huxley grips the mind, and keeps you locked to the book's pages as he describes a future, one which is completely homogeneous and conformed. Practices like artificial conception and genetic tampering are the standard in this uniform society, where very few choices are allowed, and questions are rarely heard. CONQUEST OF PARADISE also examines similar technological advancements in our day by studying the development of molecular nanotechnology and its implications. Huxley skillfully describes this gloomy premonition in incredible detail, and in many instances, including artificial insemination and genetic altering, he predicted the actual future. If it does nothing else, this book should send an ominous signal to today's society. This book is a definite, must read!"
loved this book from beginning to end.. in some ways it was a little scary..
This book is the best book I can remeber reading to date. The languauge is fairly easy to understand and extremley enticing. You will have a tough time putting this book down. The main jist of the story is about a totalitarian utopia that could possibly arise in the not so far future. It is a world where there is no instability whatsoever and people are kept ignorant for the purpose of maintaining the stability. The book is about a few interupptions in this system and how they are dealt with (I don't want to give anything away). THIS IS A MUST READ!!!
"Is Brave New World actually all that much of a brilliant book, complete with social implications? Absolutely.Is Aldous Huxley a prophet? By no means.Although his ideas are genuine and the book is extremely well-written, and altogether hilarious, Huxley makes the assumption that there will never be any kind of social or political opposition to this type of a society.  He makes the Brave New World too outrageous, too unbelievable to think that society would ever come to such a point, and indeed, it hasn't, isn't now, and never will. Perhaps liberal ideology is flawed, but democracy and the fact that there is opposition to the liberal ideas always preclude the implications Huxley asserts.So.. read Brave New World. Enjoy It. It may change your life, but never consider Aldous Huxley a prophet in any sense."
"Read:  Brave New World(Aldous Huxley), 1984(George Orwell), an essay ""On Liberty"" by John Stuart Mill, and the US Constitution.  Read them, please!  Develop an interest in politics and society, for everyone's sake, including your own.  The only society worth living in is a free and informed society.  Know what your elected officials are doing (taking away your freedoms).  Freedom above all else!  ""Do what thou will shall be the whole of the law, until you violate the rights of another...""  Freedom should be a birth right, it is not.  Security is not a fair trade for FREEDOM!"
"I searched for Truth and found only happiness. Dreadful. Dreadful. I must atone. I must be good.I must find Truth. I must die. The only thing I truely know about and that is nothing. I escape.I suffer. I find pleasure in pain and suffer for my pleasure. A plane, A mind, with narry a machine to marry the two. And never the two shall meet. And never the two shall meet. With a clear mind I step off into eternity."
if you read 1984 or fahrenheit451 you will like brave new world as well
"Brave New World was a good read, if slightly flawed.  There were certain points to the story that were interesting, such as the themes of commercialism and mass production (embodied in a deified Henry Ford) vs. Art, embodied in the story through Shakespeare.  Or the ironies such as how the culture has lost the ""unnecessary"" concept of religion and yet, in its place, deify Ford.However, I often found just as interesting were ways in which BNW unwittingly reveal certain patterns in both literature and in history.  For example, how many science fiction novels deal with the problem of how an advanced culture can deal with menial tasks necessary for the society but undesired by that society.  Or how Huxley developed the ideas of destroying the old (Shakespeare, classics of literature and music, etc) as a part of his dystopia which, when read, seems outlandish and, at times, silly, until one considers that China's Great Leap Forward, which occured AFTER the writing of this novel, echoed so many similar ideas... the eradication of the classics and anything referring to history.Not as much a classic as 1984, but still intruiging and well worth the read."
"which shows mankind with private helicopters and having replaced God with Ford.  A totalitarian state controls the people with eugenics, mass hypnosis and drugs.  And the people ARE happy, as each person has been fit into a perfect job, molded and shaped from birth to fill their proper place in the social and economic plans of the State.  Even their death from old age is used to condition the younger generation.I liked '1984' more then 'Brave New World'.  I'm not sure why, but I think it has to do with the 'Savage' being somewhat of a whiner."
"In the days of cloning, this book seems all the more real and intriguing.  Huxley's Alpha, Beta and Gamma groups of people that have been cloned and taught to do certain things, strikes a very familiar chord with recent events and debates going on now on the ethic's of cloning.  What if Hitler had these technologies during WWII so he was able to not only exterminate the Jews but to clone more people with the dominant traits he thought so superior?  We (as a society) have already been confronted with Orwell's Big Brotherly surveillance of society as can be seen in the movie ""Enemy of the State.""  What will happen when and if the cloning technologies of ""Brave New World"" also enter our society?  A must read for anyone in today's world!!"
"This is a sci-fi classic and as it happens with books such as this and ""1984"",from G.Orwell, as it did with the sci-fi ""2001"" (the film), this is a sci-fi book written dozens of years ago and which mantains its integrity, its thrill and even its futuristic features. In ""Brave New World"", contrasting with what happens in the Orwellian ""1984"", where people is pressured into unresistance trough coercion in all its forms, people acquiesce into submission trough easy access to pleasure, inebriating themselves with Soma, a type of drug most powerfull to produce the passivity desired by governants. Isn't it something familiar to us in a society surrounded by instant pleasure (alcohol, drugs, cigarretes, instant love and so on)? Don't we all need a kind of Soma to get by trough our daily lives? This book (and ""1984') is a must for anyone interested in looking into the mechanisms of control at the disposition of tyrants as ""1984""."
"What an ominous, yet prophetic, beginning to this masterpiece of the dystopian genre.  Huxley, ostensibly before his massive procurement of hallucinogenic mind-altering drugs, delivered one of the most profoundly provocative, albeit disturbing, works of the 20th Century.  Although the beginning is somewhat prolix and a bit detail-oriented, Brave New World shines brilliantly the rest of the way through this ingeniously written magnum opus.I must admit that Huxley's class distinctions are readily apparent even in today's society - even without genetic cloning.  Every time I encounter some icompetent ingrate, I can't help but consider him an Epsilon semi-moron - how apropos.  Although many of the foreboding elements Huxley delineates throughout Brave New World are somewhat outrageous, I must admit that the ubiquity of the Feelies, soma, sexual promiscuity, declining societal moral values, as well as the pervasive obsession with maintaining one's youthful appearance, emanate, as much, if not more, abundantly, in today's society, as they do in his timeless classic.Perhaps Huxley became somewhat deranged and deluded later in his career, nonetheless, he still had his wits when he penned what is undeniably one of my top 10 books of all-time.Brave New World proves to be a most uniquely novel idea of a novel(pardon the pun).  It comes highly recommended as it is pure unadulterated brain candy."
"Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, was a fantastic book.  I would recommend this book for all teenagers that want a conceptual and captivating novel.  Brave New World is well thought out from beginning to end, and provokes thought on important issues.  However, Huxley takes quite a long time to eventually get his book started.  I did not fully understand the book until after the first few chapters.  After finishing the book, I look back at the first chapters and I understand it completely.  To gain the full grasp of this novel, one might have to re-read some parts that get a little complex.  For example, in the beginning chapters Huxley mentions the Caste System, which was not clear to me until I understood all of the members in it and their duties.  Although there are some drawbacks, the pros definitely outweigh the cons. Bernard Marx, a member of the Caste System who feels rejected because he is different than the others, wishes to isolate himself from the rest of society, and also wishes to explore the concept of freedom.  He later meets a savage, people who are actually born, on a reservation named John, and takes him back home with him.  Trouble arises, and they both are sent to meet with Mustapha Mond, one of the ten ""world controllers,"" to discuss their conduct.  Bernard is banished to Iceland, while John and Mustapha Mond have a long discussion about freedom and happiness.  John mentions that he has true happiness and freedom, while others in the utopian society are subject to slavery and do not have the opportunity to achieve it.  Mustapha Mond responds saying that John was alone and interdependent, while everyone in the utopian society is in dependence of others, therefore in constant universal freedom and happiness.  John, becoming frustrated with the argument, leaves to find solitude.  In the end he kills himself realizing that it is pointless to live in a world where others will never know true freedom and happiness. Huxley portrays a utopian society far into the future where humans are fertilized, rather than born.  These humans are conditioned to have a certain destiny.  Because of their conditioning, everyone is content with their jobs and status.  Therefore, they lack freedom to control their own lives.  It is explained that freedom is sacrificed for happiness.  Because of this, each character in this utopian society is like a robot that is controlled by a totalitarian government headed by ten ""world controllers.""  This reveals Huxley's opinion of human cloning and the true meaning behind his novel."
"Brave New World, by Aldous Huxely, was a fantastic book.  I would recommend this book for all teenagers that want a conceptual and captivating novel.  Brave New World is well thought out from beginning to end, and provokes thought on important issues.  However, Huxely takes quite a long time to eventually get his book started.  I did not fully understand the book until after the first few chapters.  After finishing the book, I look back at the first few chapters and I understand it completely.  To gain the full grasp of this novel, one might have to re-read some parts that get a little complex.  For example, in the beginning chapters Huxely mentions the Caste System, which was not clear to me until I understood all of the members in it and their duties.  Although there are some drawbacks, the pros definitely outweigh the cons. Bernard Marx, a member of the Caste System who feels rejected because he is different than the others, wishes to isolate himself from the rest of society, and also wishes to explore the concept of freedom.  He later meets a savage, people who are actually born, on a reservation named John, and takes him back home with him.  Trouble soon arises, and they are both sent to meet with Mustapha Mond, one of the ten ""world controllers,"" to discuss their conduct.  Bernard is banished to Iceland, while John and Mustapha Mond have a long discussion about freedom and happiness.  John mentions that he has true happiness and freedom, while others in the utopian society are subject to slavery and do not have the opportunity to achieve it.  Mustapha Mond responds saying that John was alone and interdependent, while everyone in the utopian society is in dependence of others, therefore in constant universal freedom and happiness.  John, becoming frustrated with the argument, leaves to find solitude.  In the end he kills himself realizing that it is pointless to live in a world where others will never know true freedom and happiness. Huxely portrays a utopian society far into the future where humans are fertilized, rather than born.  These humans are conditioned to have a certain destiny.  Because of their conditioning, everyone is content with their jobs and status.  Therefore, they lack the freedom to control their own lives.  It is explained that freedom is sacrificed for happiness.  Because of this, each character in this utopian society is like a robot that is controlled by a totalitarian government headed by ten ""world controllers.""  This reveals Huxely's opinion of human cloning and the true meaning behind his novel."
This is the best book i have ever read. If you like books that are like 1984 then you will love this book.
"When I began reading it, I must admit I expected a certain datedness and heavy-handed writing style. Many literary classics, although thematically fascinating, can be ponderous. Just take a look at the intense verbosity of Victorian authors (who were paid by the word, mind you), and you'll know what I mean. Brave New World isn't like that, though. The prose is light, even airy at times, and engulfed me swiftly. It was only toward the denouement that the words became heavy, but by that time, I'd been inured to the writing style.It's quite amazing how the book is as relevant today as it was when it was written. Perhaps a couple of the futuristic devices seem quaint (and the lack of atomic energy a little odd, yet not offputting), but the science is artfully vague enough that current technology can easily fill the gaps.I can see echos of the book in all sorts of utopian literature and film: from Orwell's 1984 to Zardoz. Good job, Mr. Huxley!"
"I met a friend at the library every month and we read the same book together like a small book club, so when we decided to read Brave New World I was excited because I always wanted to read this Unfortunately I was disappointed with it and I didn't enjoy this at all, and had I not made a commitment to reading the book I most likely would have not finished it.I did feel that the it was well written and I'm in awe of how much of what the author wrote in the early 1930s as fiction has become fact in the present.  What I didn't like about the book was the use of drugs and how drug use was considered normal and how children was encouraged to play sexual games.  My only complaint with the writing of this book is with the character of Bernard.  I thought that he would be the character to rebel against the system but he seemed to sell out at the end.I guess science fiction isn't my genre and I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who felt the same."
"for five years I've been using the cassettes of York narrating this novel, using it for my high school classes.  It's been enlightening my students and I wanted to upgrade to CD's"
"This is one of the best books I have ever read, it is brilliant and funny and best of all, scary truthful. This is the book that makes you realize why you ever rebelled against that geometry teacher in high school, why you chose to think about what you wanted to do with your life rather than just following the prescribed path.It is a wonderful, lovely, and yes, frightening book about what can happen when we stop questioning how we choose to live our lives, and let others make those decisions for us.This book should be required reading in every school, in every country."
"The difference between the society in ""Brave New World"" and 1984's society is that ""Brave New World's"" might actually work. The society in ""Brave New World"" is based on the assumption that humans-as a whole will do everything possible to avoid discomfort, pain and sadness. They will even give up their freedom and individualism in the name of happiness.I think this is true. Look at the drug use in this country. Although drugs are important tools, they are both legally (anti-depressants, anti-anxiety) and illegally abused.It is socially acceptable in this country to be addicted to TV and pharmaceuticals---as long as it doesn't affect your productivity at work it's not a problem.Excellent book-probably more relevant today in the age of anti-depressants than it was 80 years ago."
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is in many ways a paradoxical world: comically tragic, organized chaos, perfectly imperfect, a living and breathing oxymoron. There are several key players within the story--John (The Savage), Bernard Marx, Linda (John's mother), Lenina Crowe, Mustapha Mond, and Hermholz Watson. Much of the story is told from the point of view of Bernard, an Alpha male who is displeased with the structure of society and eventually talks Lenina into going to visit the ""savage"" society.  While there, Bernard winds up meeting John, a ""savage"" who has many characteristics that make him a deep thinker and philosophical about man's existence. Bernard eventually talks John into making the trip to ""civilized"" London, an upside down utopia where babies and humans are ""created"", emotion is suppressed or avoided altogether, the collective is favored over the individual, and progress is stressed.Huxley has an imaginative method of illustrating this new world. The topsy-turvy dystopia establishes that words such as ""mother"", ""father"" and ""love"" have no real use. Passion is ignored in favor of progression. Huxley comically and intentionally depicts ""norms"" of this shocking society. Without the basic idea of family or relationships between couples, people seem more like organisms than flesh and blood. Huxley perhaps was making a point about the times, maybe his society, maybe ours.One of the more disturbing aspects to the world is the ideology of illusion serving to be the method for fixing one's problems or difficulties. Nearly all the characters escape from the world they live in by taking the hallucinogenic drug soma, designed to make them forget a troubling encounter or experience by travelling far away from the present. John, considered to be the ""savage"", is the only one willing to break from this practice while also actively trying to convince others of its wrongs. While others escape with soma, he escapes into reading Shakespeare, a form of therapy from this mad existence. Towards the end of the novel, John, while debating with Mustapha Mond (a Controller, vehemently tries to protest this ""Brave New World"" thinking: ""Whether `tis better in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing them...But you don't do either. Neither suffer nor oppose. You just abolish the slings and arrows. It's too easy."" Soma seems to be a symbolic surrender, a post-modern easy button to life in the Brave New World. John's frustration with many of the people in this circle is that they are so brainwashed that they cannot even grasp his protests; he cannot convince them that there is another way to think. This is what eventually is John's undoing: he tries to seek refuge from this existence, this way of life, but there is no changing, no escaping, and no going back. Created in Huxley's work is an ironic confederation of idleness, the societal emptiness described eloquently by Mustapha Mond: ""In a properly organized society like ours, nobody has any opportunities for being noble or heroic. Conditions have to be thoroughly unstable before the occasion can arise.""If there was one element I didn't care for, it was the first part. While the first fifty pages or so set the scene for the new civilization, where the five castes of society are introduced and the background is set for the futuristic society, I found them to be a bit tedious. The novel really takes off when Part two begins, and we meet some of the aforementioned main characters. I only reveal this fact because some may lose patience in the beginning of their reading; if you stick with it, I think you'll be much more interested once the plot gets going.This is a scary, original, and ironic ride into the future. Which future? That's for you to decide."
"BRAVE NEW WORLD - EACH OF THESE PAST TWO WINTERS I HAVE GONE ON A YOGA RETREAT TO MAUI AND EACH TIME I HAVE READ A CLASSIC PIECE OF LITERATURE.  LAST YEAR IT WAS `TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD', AND THIS LAST RETREAT IN FEB '08 I READ BRAVE NEW WORLD.  BY PAGE TWO I WAS HOOKED BY THE DARK HUMOR WHEN THE FUTURE VOICES WERE REFERRING TO `OUR FORD' AND `IN THE YEAR OF OUR FORD'.  HARD TO BELIEVE THAT ALDOUS HUXLEY WROTE THIS IN 1932.  HIS PREDICTIONS OF HOW DEPENDENT SOCIETY WILL BECOME ON MACHINES AND DRUGS WAS QUITE AN ACCURATE VISION.  IN RESEARCHING A BIT OF HISTORY ON THIS WORK I LEARNED THAT IT WAS NOT RECEIVED WELL BY CRITICS IN 1932, YET IT'S CHILLING PREMISE HAS STOOD THE TEST OF TIME.THE STORY STARTS OFF AS STUDENTS ARE SHOWN AROUND A FERTILIZING FACILITY WHERE MASS PREGNANCIES IN TUBES ARE MONITERED AND DIFFERENT TYPES OF PEOPLE ARE CREATED TO SERVE IN DIFFERENT CAPACITIES (ie-a caste system).  WE GET TO KNOW A SMALL CAST OF CHARACTERS , BUT IT IS BERNARD MARX, A SUB AVERAGE ALPHA, THAT IS SHOWING SIGNS OF DISCONTENTMENT THAT PROPELS OUR STORY ALONG.HE TAKES A TRIP TO AN ANCIENT INDIAN RESERVATION WHERE THE PEOPLE STILL MARRY EACH OTHER, BELIEVE IN JESUS, AND....WHERE ONE WOMAN FROM HIS SOCIETY WAS LEFT YEARS BEFORE, MATED WITH A LOCAL AND PRODUCED A SON WHOSE ONLY REAL FORM OF EDUCATION WAS A HUGE VOLUME OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE.THIS `SAVAGE' IS BROUGHT BACK TO LONDON AND DISPLAYED FOR ALL TO SEE AND WHEN HIS VOICE AND THOUGHTS ARE HEARD.....WELL, ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE.  IF YOU HAD TO READ THIS IN SCHOOL AND DIDN'T PAY MUCH ATTENTION, OR IF YOU HAVEN'T, LIKE ME, READ IT AT ALL....YOU SHOULD."
I use this audio cd set to help my 12th grade English class study the novel Brave New World.  Michael York does a fantastic job reading the novel by providing a vast array of character voices.  It is the new layout design of the CD that has changed which makes use in the classroom difficult.  The CDs are no longer labeled to indicate which chapters are covered per cd.  This would make it difficult for anyone who wants to switch between the audio and the book itself.
"For very long did I desire to read Huxley's classic, Brave New World, given as I am to the dystopias which were written in the first half of the twentieth century.  I can only say that I am disappointed that I waited as long as I did to take up the text.The first tier of the text which remains startling to almost all who read it is the base objectification of mankind through scientific and social ""programming"" and ""planning.""  Indeed, this is usually the first thing which comes to mind when one recollects the first time that he or she read the text.  In many ways, it does remain an excellent vantage point from which one can jump into the full meaning of the text, for who can but shudder at the words of Mr. Foster, ""Nothing like oxygen-shortage for keeping an embryo below par"" and realize that there is some deeper malaise of the human soul being investigated in this text.Indeed, the powerful core of the text which truly makes it relevant regardless of whatever technical progress may occur in the world is the fact that Huxley shows the reader the end result of hyper-objectification of the self and the world.  This objectification is manifested in the scientific and social structures which undergird the society in the text but also breaks forth in several other major ways.  The use of soma for escape from pain and trouble is an attempt to run away from that subjectivity which raises the objective experiences of life to a more fully human level, allowing the individual to more rationally (and emotively) know where his/her place is in the whole of the world.  The lack of delay in gratification once again is a destruction of the subjectivism which allows all pleasure to be such because the individual pines for the object.The mark of a great work is not necessarily that it is so unique that it is unlike anything else.  Myth is all the greater, as Chesterton would say, because it is not the story of a particular man but of mankind. In many ways, Brave New World fits this mark well.  Alexis de Tocqueville once said that a society would be more likely to fight to keep the comforts which it may accrue that to fight for freedom.  Huxley, in his later reflections entitled ""Brave New World Revisited"" says that man may for a while be more likely to say ""Give me hamburgers and television"" over ""Give me liberty.""  One can hardly forget the world of Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 where pleasure and escape are the choice of all society.  However, Huxley also adds the corrective that as these objects rationed the subject will once again cry, ""Give me liberty or give me death.""  Characters like Bernard Marx, Helmhold Watson, and John the Savage stand out as those who, through the pains of realizing their subjectivity, glimpse at the glories (and dangers) of humanity.  This corrective remains a hope, although Huxley also reminds us, like Plato and Christ, that the truly holy and jus man will be killed, forced into exile, or left to twist in the wind.Brave New World is a timeless dystopia because it deals with these sempiternal and ubiquitous questions of humanity.  It is oracular today in a world which, in its more cosmopolitan and even suburban settings, will look to the television and listen to the radio but will not be silent under the stars.  We share in the malaise of the day and are not impervious to its pernicious tendencies.  Therefore, we should take heed an hear the words of Mr. Aldous Huxley."
"A very interesting book to think about.  An amazing view of the future, despite the fact that Huxley couldn't have known about the impact of computers."
"It is so freightening to read this science fiction story written so long ago. Humanity is really heading in that direction. Throughout the whole story, you see so many parallels between what is happening today. The plot is not the greatest but the book has such a strong message, everyone should read it."
"This book is on many a top 100 reading list. Aldous Huxley has the reputation of being an intellectual giant. His heritage places him in the land of England, the place where all of the great literary giants come. A Brave New World unfortunately does not live up to the credits,pedigree or even the cult following that chases after it.Summary: In a nutshell this book is a mess. I am assuming that the majority of individuals that rate this book high on a novel list or 5 star it on here on amazon do so simply because A Brave New World is filled with satire in a dystopian society.  Unfortunately for me that is not enough to warrant a five star rating.Inconsistent plot line runs through this book. The main character ""Savage"" does not show up until half way through the book. All of the character names are a play on words. The book takes as many shots as it can at the American Capitalist engine.The big negative for me is that it is just unbelievable. Savage, essentially an uneducated or ""home schooled"" Indian has a high level intellectual conversation with the main antaganist Mustaph Mond.Breakdown Review:Storyline: I give 1 out of 5 stars due to unbelievability.Writing style: 3 out of 5 stars. The satire somewhat works and the writing style itself doesn't fit into the genious category.Depth/Inspiration: 4 out of 5 stars. Despite the flaws this book is bound to inspire the creative gene in others. Unfortunately the humanistic undertones will lead many an individual down slippery slopesEntertainment/Education value: 1 out of 5 stars. Not as entertaining as the hype behind the book and the writer. I do not see any education value in this book aside from how to write satire or how to write a novel to inspire a nation of conspiracy theorists."
"I re-read (read it for the first time in high school, YEARS ago) this book along with my 15 y.o. daughter who was reading it for school. At least for me, the concepts and thinking within the book were even more disturbing and thought-provoking from the viewpoint of an adult, than they were when I was an adolescent.  BNW has challenged me to seriously re-think some of my attitudes towards security, conformity, and protectionism ... both at the governmental and personal levels.  I think it's easy in our (American) culture to be lulled by the message machines out there into thinking that life is basically about the pursuit of pleasure and ease.  This book suggests that there is more to life than that, but doesn't try to give you the answer about what that ""more"" is.  In that, it opens minds and serves as a thought starter. What more could you ask from a book?I encourage all parents who are buying this book for their kids' school book lists to take the time to give it a read themselves."
"We are all told that Utopia is supposed to be a perfect place full of harmony and love.  We belive that anything in a Utopian world is correct and powerfull, but Utopia's soon crumble in there own self creation.  In Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, Huxley introduces a world far greater than our own today.  The year is 632 A.F. (after Ford) and the world had just stopped a ""nine year war"" with devistating effects with nuclear warfare.  Anthrax bombs had left civilization almost non-existing.  Then a Utopia was formed in London where everything was perfect, you grew up programed how to live your life and be a perfect artificial life form.  Humans were no longer given birth to, they are grown by multiplying embreyos, thus, having a lot of clones doing the same thing.  This Utopia soon crumbles after John, the savage, questions everything in it and soon is exiled by the D.H.C. (Director of Hatcheries and Conditioning).  John was not programed and did not come from that Utopia, he actually met with Henry Foster and Lenina Crowne in New Mexico, while Lenina Crowne was overcome with the site of filthiness and disease and non- perfection, then taking a large dose of soma.  John goes to the Utopia and is facinated by the life there, he sees  everything non real and fake so he becomes very independant in his own mind and questions the Utopia, causing Mustopha Mond (one of the ten world leaders) to exhile him along with D.H.C. John decides to leave on his own will and start a new life.  While parting ways with his friend Bernard Marx, John retreats to an abandoned lighthouse in Surrey.  His hiding place is accidently discovered by motorists.  Soon after that the press appears and want statements from John.  Then Lenina arrives and John feels threatned by her but she is trying to tell him something but her voice is muffled by the reportes. John beats her.  The reporters from Utopia are baffled and excited by this so they start an orgy.  John is soon drwn into the orgy and partakes in Soma and sex.  When he awakes he realizes his endurance wont last forever, knowing this, he commits suicide.  Thats pretty much the book and how everyone fallowed John at the end and when he died so did Utopia.  Huxley wanted to introduce a sort of flip flop to our world.  Our world has sex, drugs, and pain.  His world has programed feelings, Soma pills for emotional pain and suffering, and Programed set lives.  Huxley shows us what will happen if we do not limit our dangerous rate of growth voluntarily, the police state must do it for us and scinece is irresponsible and must be legally controlled.  Brave New World shows us how abstract the world can turn out to be, and lothe in its own self creation causing it to end miserably."
"All these positive reviews are good and nice and it seems as though at least half of you read the book, that's a good start. Some of you are even learning how to map patterns which is great, but please read into the book, wake up pleople. Any 5 year old can re-write the book in a long critique, Huxley already did that for us. Don't read the book look through the book. Connect the patterns, follow the back and forth tenis match of opinions that Huxley has set up, READ INTO IT. Believe me you will get way more out of it. I'll try not to repeat what everyone else has said (despite them doing it thierselves) but let me let everybody out their on a little secret. HUXLEY was a COMEDIAN. Sure he had ideas, like many other scientific writers to creat an alternate future but don't focus on that. That was at the bottom of Huxley's level of thinking. He enjoyed writting this book because it was a new level of radical rthinking. Why else would this be unavailable to buy in so many countries,... because there is more to it than the fact that test-tube babies exist today! Huxley was manking fun of humanity, he was making fun of you and me and everything we do and think about. He makes fun of our desires and tribulations, the fact that we can never be happy without sadness. Religion means nothing to Huxley but he understandes that it has also implanted itself in every society mankind has ever know since the beging of recorded time. He analyses Love in a way that Shakespeare never elaborated on (don't get me wrong the two can be compared, new ball-game. But please for the love of god (no pun itended for this Brocken down critisism of Christian faith) think fo your selves People.By the way I'm 14 years old"
"Aldous Huxley wrote Brave New World to illustrate how society can go wrong.  It was a very good book, and pretty well written.  I believe that it deserves four stars.  In the book, everyone was pre-conditioned to think what the leaders of society wanted them to think, and to work unconditionally.  They are kept happy with drugs and entertainment.  It is, in essence, a journey back to the dark ages, where slaves and serfs are plentiful, disguised as the glorious advancement of society. When Huxley wrote the book in 1932, it was seen as a far-sighted prediction.  Now, this horrible future could be awaiting us just around the corner.  This book contains many parallels to modern life.  Just as in the book, religion has almost been eliminated from public life, and replaced with total materialism.  Now, everyone in the industrialized world worships themselves.  In the book, every human baby is cloned, grown in bottles, and sleep-conditioned in the ways of society.  We have already started down that perilous path.  We may have already cloned the first human baby, and DNA engineering is not far off.  Will this be the fate of our future?  Only time will tell. Overall, my impression of Huxley's book is that it is a very good work.  It is very accurate and reasonably well written, although I believe he stressed unimportant things at times.  On the whole, it was a very thought-provoking novel.  I had a hard time putting it down."
"What can I say about this book?  Well, even though it is somewhat dated, you can still see a similar world as a possible future.  It is less likely than it once was, with Bradbury and Orwell seeming more likely.In this future world, we have all of mankind addicted to pleasure.  We have genetic engineering so that people have their roles assigned to them long before they are born.  We have sleep teaching of children.  We have a world of slaves who do not know they are slaves and without any masters.That is the most eerie part of this book - the slaves without the masters, the government that exists and doesn't exist at the same time.  In order to keep the people complacent and happy, there are regular orgies and easily provided drugs.Many people will be turned off by that last bit, the sex and drugs culture, and that will become the focus of their concentration.  Such is a symptom of the society, but they would miss the cause.This book is enjoyable on it's own, but it works even better as part of a study of dystopian futures."
"While most readers find the content of this book frightening, I have always seen it in a different light. It only makes sense that the physically and cerebrally superior lead the world and reproduce. Is it not more humane for the Epsilon's of the world to enjoy cleaning toilets and sweeping floors? There are hundreds of thousands of people in this country alone that would be much better off with some pre-natal programming, which would in turn benefit the rest of us by eliminating the burdens to society."
"Just having finished A Brave New World I am writing this review. The book is about a society where everybody is made in a factory and are brainwashed from day one to think how the government wants them to. Then a boy from the outside and is brought into this world that he doesn't like. He hopes that he will show people that living this way isn't right. I thought that A Brave New World was a great prediction about how Aldous Huxley thought this world would be like one day based upon the trends of politics and technology. The technology that is presented in A Brave New World is almost what technology is today. The way people live their lives is extremely close to how we live our lives in today's society. For the most part I enjoy reading this book, but some parts of it were either just confusing or were not detailed enough. I feel the Aldous Huxley was a smart man, but lacked in his ability to write. Aldous Huxley has written six other books that have been very popular. So, in conclusion I thought that this book was good, but I feel that the writing lack at little bit."
Simply one of my favorite sci fi books of all time.
"Huxley paints an unflattering picture of the future. He reminds us of the terrible things that could follow if we begin to meddle to much with our own destiny. I can only say that this book will change you, and that you should pick it up."
"I read this first in High School in 94' and was taken aback by the way it feels like it was written in 93'. It makes you wonder as you see their world of free love and government happy drug and a caste system where everyone is bred to like their place in life, what is wrong with that?As you read about all that they have given up and don't even realise that they have and what they have lost as a people as a result, you see why it is wrong.A very thought provoking read."
"At first glance, the novel may appear as only a fast read. While Brave New World is a quick read, it is certainly not void of keen insights on society and past civilizations' progressions.Huxley creates a world of imitation, a world of perfection. One mistake, one abnormality, and you're considered a deformity. In this Utopia, babies are not naturally born, children are not given chances to bloom, and adults are not given privacy; everything is arranged. There is no real love, and even if the inhabitants feel passionate feelings for another in this world, they must follow orders and take pills called ""soma"" to assuage their emotions. The people are categorized by titles of Beta, Beta-Minuses, Gamma, Alpha, Alpha Double Plus, etc, to show rankings, and the higher their titles shows that they are closer to perfection than others. By building this civilization of stability, Huxley allows readers to see what a ""perfect world"" would be, with everything controlled by a dictator: Mustapha Mond.Letting multiple characters have the spotlight to share their thoughts, Huxley smoothly integrates parts of a ""savage"" world into his Utopian world. However, the ""savage"" world is not as uncivilized as its title makes it sound; Huxley actually brings his characters Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowne into the Indian society, where they meet John and Linda, Indians living on a reservation. He highlights the great differences between two entirely dissimilar worlds by having his Utopian creations meet real people. His descriptions of the reservation bring the serene atmosphere to life in the readers' minds, with the imagined waterfalls, tribal dances, and warm fire pits.While Huxley brings in historical proponents such as the tribal lifestyle and past perceptions of an ideal society, he also alludes to literature such as Othello and Romeo and Juliet. Replacing an all-too familiar idealistic world as his own fantasy world, Huxley elicits the changes people assume they want and make them second guess their presumptions. As humans, we have the tendency to not think of the past and just live to satisfy the future; but with Huxley's Brave new World, we can imagine just how brilliant his fantasy world is, yet also how controlled and restricted a possible future life could be."
"In Brave New World, freedom is curtailed not merely on account of a totalitarian government, but by large because of human nature. The story follows Bernard Max, an Alpha-caste member possessing great intelligence but the looks of someone from Beta or lower caste, and John the Savage, who, having grown up in a remote reservation, was finally rescued but came to despise the civilization he's found. Following an apocalyptic ""Nine Years War,"" mankind decided to forego competition in order to foster an environment, namely the World State, in which suffering is minimized. Its citizens are biologically or otherwise altered to actually enjoy belonging to whichever caste/occupation group that they are members of. Moreover, as a result of advanced technologies, guilt, reflection, and other inquiries have become irrelevant and are frowned upon. This insiduous yet coercive abolition of pain suits many, but John and Bernard, as well as their confidant Helmholtz Watson, were keenly aware of the cost--a general ignorance of freedom and the inability to choose pain or pleasure for yourself. They ran into conflict not only with other members of the insulated society, such as Lenina who was John's love interest, but also with their own desires, weaknesses, and, in John's case, upbringings. In the end, Bernard was exiled to an island, where a small group of free-thinkers like him lived. John, however, of great experimental interest to the ""Controllers"" of the World State, was forced to stay; he eventually killed himself, unable to reconcile the difference between himself and the new world.Intentionaly or not, Huxley raises the question of whether nature--including human nature--is itself a dictator. In other words, maybe only a small amount of freedom is able to exist in this universe, the rest of which must be made of qualities resistant to change. Such appears to be the case in many societies people have built."
Most writers like Orwell got their entire motivation from this man: Aldous Huxley. In his work the Brave New World he sets a foundation for books on science fiction and utopias. This book is a most read for everyone.
"Other reviews pointing out the awful & uncanny accuracy of Huxley's look at the future left out the lack of social mobility. Alphas remain alphas, epsilons remain epsilons. Americans are keen believers in the Huxley soma that teaches us anyone can reach the top. In some sense that's true. What's more true is that no one born on top can reach the bottom. Prime example: George W. Bush, who, born into an average family, would perhaps be a decent assistant manager in a tire store."
"I have a hard time believing that a whole society could lose sight of love.  At what point do we put our desire to always be happy above our love for parents, children, wives, and husbands?  Also, can a whole world lose their individuality?  With a world and our nation particularly based on diversity of race, class, politics to such an extent, how can we believe that sometime in the future we will all be the same?  It just seems very far fetched to me at this point.  If I forget about those problems with the book then I did learn some good lessons about free will.  It helped me to see that I do need to create my own opinions on subjects and not to let the media, religion, and political parties condition me into certain views.  Sometimes I did think that it would be great to have a little soma, but our troubles in life are what make us who we are.  If you take that away then you have not lived, not experienced, and not loved."
"Aldous Huxley's classic book, ""Brave New World,"" is very interesting and such a profound read. This book should be strongly recommended.In a way, this book is prophetic. While it is considered a science fiction, it remarkably parallel to that of today's world. Projecting suggestions through our sleeps are one of modes of mind control.Today, we are all been subject constantly to 'suggestions' to one form or another, including a controlled media. And, we are ignoring the madness and believing in the lies brought forth by our so-called 'leaders' through the media. They can even seep the 'suggestions' through education, through televisions, through strobe lights, and through any media of sorts. And, we do not have a strong psychological resistance to these suggestions.There is very important quote from this book that speaks of mind control:""Till at last the child's mind is these suggestions and the sum of the suggestions is the child's mind. And not the child's mind only. The adult's mind too - all his life long. The mind that judges and desires and decides is made up of these suggestions. But these suggestions are our suggestions...suggestions from the State.""""Brave New World"" is similar to George Orwell's 1984 (Signet Classics) in term of bureaucratized society where one lost self-identity and under a complete control of the state. Both ""1984"" and ""Brave New World"" do indeed had an impact on me as well anyone else in reading them.Huxley's book is strongly recommended and receive more than five stars because it holds the real warning..."
"Aldous Huxley was born in England in 1894 and saw his first novel - ""Crome Yellow"" published in 1921. He is best known for his anti-utopian novel ""Brave New World"", which was first published in 1932.""Brave New World"" set in the year 632 AF - 632 years after the first Model T Ford has rolled off the production lines. (Henry Ford has, it would seem, become the world's main deity, and the ""Sign of the T"" is commonplace). The 'civilised world' has become a radically different place - although everyone is, technically, happy it's cost a certain amount of 'free will'. The family unit no longer exists, with children now being created in a laboratory. Since the overwhelming majority of women are 'created' sterile, the entire population's physical and intellectual development can be carefully controlled from conception. This level of control ensure that - with only very few exceptions - people are happy fulfilling their pre-determined role in society. (Members of the 'Epsilon Minus' class are bred for menial labour, while - at the other end of the scale - members of the 'Alpha Plus' class are bred for their intelligence). Promiscuous sex and recreational drug use is encouraged, and only a deviant would consider abstaining from either. Similarly, spending time alone is considered abnormal, while monogamy is practically a perversion. One of the book's key characters is Bernard Marx - an Alpha-Plus, who has some rather dubious tendencies. He's planning on taking a rather unusual trip to a ""Savage Reservation"" : in these places, the primitives who live there have children and raise families in the time honoured fashion. They also grow old and don't consider cleanliness to be ""next to fordliness"".I've slightly mixed feelings about ""Brave New World"". I was a little disappointed - though, with the constant comparisons to ""1984"", I think my expectations of it were maybe a little off. The elements of the book dealing with indoctrination, conditioning and bio-engineering are certainly relevant to today's world - however, the book just didn't make the impact it could have. Part of the problem, for me, was that the book's focus shifted so often from one character to another - next to Winston Smith, the characters that appeared here were a little flimsy. Similarly, I didn't find Huxley's Brave New World quite inspiring the same depth of feeling as Orwell's Oceania. Nevertheless, it's certainly worth reading, and I can see why it's so highly thought of."
"Hoards of identical twins operate strange and complex machines. Babies are no longer born but decanted from bottles, after being specially treated to become anything from an Alpha Plus to an Epsilon semi-moron. Soft voices whisper into small children's ears as they sleep, repeating the same thing over and over again: ""Everyone belongs to everyone else, everyone belongs to everyone else...""This is the alien world so perfectly portrayed in Brave New World, Aldous Huxley's unusual masterpiece. In this futuristic Earth, people's lives are fully planned out for them before they can even talk, right down to their thoughts and actions. Emotion and creativity are replaced by complete conditioning and soma, a perfected and accepted drug. No one is ever alone, for this would provide an opportunity for people to think for themselves. Those that manage to do so are sent far away from others, for any uncontrolled thought could lead to the end of this seemingly perfect society. One such outsider is Bernard Max, an average Alpha whose blood-surrogate, it is rumored, was tainted when he was a fetus. His persistent curiosity compels him to visit a Reservation, one of the last places where ""savages"" are kept. When Bernard returns, he brings along one of these savages, who knows of emotion, religion, and art. He is thrust into a world that is anything but familiar and faces the horrible realization of what the rest of the planet has become.This book gives a frightening look into what a world free of diversity or passion would be, a flawless world that we are, in many ways, slowly becoming. It depicts one interpretation of perfection; thousands of brainwashed robots doing what they're told and surviving on artificial happiness. It's vivid description and realistic characters give life to a situation we find averse and yet recognize as terrifyingly similar to our own. True, we are not conditioned from birth until adolescence, but is not our every action influenced by what is directly in front of us? It seems we are just as prone to control we may not be aware of.From inquisitive outcasts to overwhelmed strangers, Brave New World is a fast-paced science fiction thriller that will leave you questioning your own lifestyle. It will more than satisfy any reader looking for a fulfilling classic."
"To fully appreciate this book, one has to take into consideration the fact that it was written more than 70 years ago. The author creates a society where there is no individualism, where everyone belongs to everyone, where there is no mother and father. Perhaps you may compare it in some aspects to Plato's Republic. In short, the author shows that sometimes the price of stability is humanity, and he shows you what a society that has paid this price looks like."
"I would agree with other reviewers in that this is not a book to read while in high school and then never touch again.  I actually was not assigned this book in high school (too much sexual content for a Christian school I guess) and did not discover it until college.  Reading it again, later in life, cements my original opinion that this is a classic that will not quickly be forgotten."
"It wasn't the best book I read, but it was very interesting. The savage had difficulty in coping with civilization as it is so he runs away from it. I believe that the book has become frighteningly real."
"Look people, if you can't read this book, set is down and read something else. Don't go on saying how boring it is, or complicated. Personally, I didn't like it. But I don't like people pointlessly dissing books even more."
"Look people, if you can't read this book, set is down and read something else. Don't go on saying how boring it is, or complicated. Personally, I didn't like it. But I don't like people pointlessly dissing books even more."
"Why add one more?Aldous Huxley overworked an important and thought-provoking concept. At many points, he preferred shock value to realism or even decent allegory. Once you've uncovered his thesis, somewhere in the first paragraph, the rest of the novel is a foregone conclusion. The plot itself is predictable and has become cliched, if it was not already at the time it was written.The concept of an ultra-mechanized totalitarian state is not an uncommon one, and it is executed extremely poorly here. The characters represent such extremes that it's very difficult to emotionally connect with, and therefore care about, any of them. This isn't always crucial to a story,  but here, Huxley defends his thesis purely on the merit of his characters. Neither society is designed to be appealing.If you don't like to be challenged or surprised by your reading, this is the book for you. If you have read these reviews and know that the novel is an attack on the continuing advance of technology and its use by various governments to track and control their citizens, then the rest of the book is merely elaboration."
"Creating a depiction of what the future can hold is a task that Aldous Huxley tackled in his 1932 published book, Brave New World.  It tells the story of two main characters, Bernard Marx and John ?the Savage.?  The rebellious Marx is filled with an inner hatred towards the Utopian society.  John is an outsider with many dissimilar views on Utopia.  Both live in a controlled world that divides humans into a caste system.  The story begins 632 years after the brave new world (Utopia) has existed.  Babies are born in test tubes, a person?s future is determined before birth, the state police control the people?s freedom, Soma is a substance that prevents the people from opening their mind, and the new world is ruled by dictators called World Controllers.  Huxley enlightens the reader with a curiosity for the new world but does not give Marx or John the influence to change Utopia into democracy (or sanity).  Marx is merely a thinker; he does not show any action towards his belief on society.  I believe the intensity of the climax would be greater if Marx took initiative with John to spread the word of freedom and democracy.  Although John tries to teach society of open-mindedness, he fails and ends up being in the hands of the people.  The novel would serve a better purpose in change than in persistence.With the climax not being fulfilled to my expectations, Huxley does create a forecast when writing about the topic of overpopulation.  This is only one example in the novel where Huxley is picked out as a predictor and makes me speculate where our society could be headed.  In the 1930?s economists were afraid that the population of life on earth was outgrowing the availability of natural resources (Paul, Warren. Brave New World-Cliff Notes).  Huxley foretold this bold statement.  In his novel, the depiction of the state police keeping track of how many infants were born and the plan of social role before birth, was comparable to the problem raised in the 1930?s.  Issues like overpopulation and human restrictions add great curiosity to the story, making Huxley brilliant at his work.  He leaves you wondering what this world may come to if our freedom is ruled by a higher dictatorship.  I recommend this novel to anyone seeking a possible outlook on the future of our society."
"BNW set the standard for all the dystopian authors that follow, but it is fundamentally different from works such as Orwell's 1984, which though actually a criticism of early cold war brinksmanship and militarism, has been boiled down to 1984=communism=bad.  Orwell was trying to make more complex points, but this was highjacked.  The association of the dystopian genre with criticizing communism was reinforced by Ayn Rand's work Anthem which was used to advance her own wacky ""-ism"".  However one views communism or socialism, to exclude any self-examination of our capitalist consumer culture through these works, in the post-cold war world, is in effect a declaration that these books are irrelevant.Huxley's brilliant work, however, is undeniably a jab not at authoritarian communism, but crony capitalism and mass consumption for social control.  Not only does this make Huxley's work the most relevant to our time and the most prescient, but it also reflects that he had a clear vision of emerging trends in his own time.  BNW was written as, thanks to plastic and the Ford assembly line, Americans and Britons for the first time were starting to buy huge quantities of STUFF and advertising rose exponentially with the formation of the radio giants that now comprise the six outlets for all media content in the US.  The role of consumer goods, exemplified by soma, was to placate the masses; it's a literal interpretation of the Marxist phrase ""opiate of the masses"".  The hyponpaedic verses of ""ending is better than mending"" echo the sentiment of today's consumer-driven society.  If only Huxley had predicted television."
"The thought of God not being part of todays society would be almost absurd to those, and the thought of a man such as Ford, being referred to as God would be almost even more absurd. Huxley creates a vision of a perfect society. Where man plays God, and produces people in assembly lines, just as Henry Ford did. Shows how Karl Marx's theories were taken to their extremes and shows how Fascism could not work without some sacrifice. And above all shows the importance of human will, self consciousness, and the importance of liberty and freedom.This book should be shared with all of those who are interested. Because it shares knowledge, its shares more than knowledge, it shares wisdom about humanity, and about what we take for granted.This book is a must for avid readers."
"An excellent exploration of the human condition and a superb prophecy on the possible future of society. Strange and almost frightening at times, the plot is not fast flowing but rather an examination of the main character's emotions and opinions on society. A thought-provoking and philosophical book, Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is deep and meaningful. Whether looking for an interesting read to relax or a somber and philosophical view on the human condition, Brave New World will provide what you are looking for."
"I didn't have anything to do and this book was laying around at work so I read it for a couple days (and finished it).  I didn't even realize it was written in the 30's until about halfway through when I checked the copyright date, I just thought it was written in England or something.It's about an alternate future where people are born in labs and live their life like drones (kinda like the original The Time Machine).  You've gotta have an open mind if you're gonna read this because it could be seen as controversial with all the lab babies and drugs and stuff.  But, overall, yeah, if it's sitting there and you have nothing to do go for it!"
"Before looking up info on the book, I thought it must have been written during the hippie era, warning about what might happen if the government took control of our lives. The book is insightful, the characters' thoughts and feelings changing dramatically over the course of the story. The characters start out satisfied with their lives in ""civilization"", where humans no longer have to deal with sexual reproduction---babies are made in factories, and there are distinct ranks and advantages among the people as they grow older. Upon meeting more people, and experiencing more of the so-called uncivilized section of the world, the characters begin to wonder if ""civilized society"" is as great as it is supposed to be...Also very thought-provoking, as it explores a world none of us have ever known, and probably don't want to know."
"I first read this book about 30 years ago and it is just as fresh and relevent today as it was back then.  It involves a ""perfect"" society where people are conditioned at birth to accept the station they are assigned in life.  Sexual inhabitions do not exist.  As a result all people are happy and crime is virtually unheard of.  This ""perfect"" society is threatened by a group of ""savages"" who want to overturn society and bring things back to the way they were before.  Compelling reading.  This was probably the inspiration for the film ""Demolition Man."""
"I honestly loved this book.  The first time i read it I was  senior in highschool and just did what I had to do to get by for class.  When I actually opened it and read it for real, my eyes opened up truely to a brave new world!  Although this book is disturbing and messes with your mind in an ethical way, it also opens you to show the world could actually become liek this one day.  Although we may not me labeled ""Alphas"", ""Betas"" , ect., our society today does have the upper class, middle class, and lower class each with tehir repective roles in society."
"Words cannot express how unbelievably horrible this book is.  I had to read this for school and it was so rediculously immature.  I do not reccomaend this to any christian who does not want to put evil discust before their eyes, nor to any non-christian just because it was so horrid.  This book is absolutely sick and obviously Huxley had never read theBible.  Dont read this book.  Its a waste of time."
"I read this book as a teen-ager and was constantly putting it down because it was making me so nervous. I saw even then, at a young age, how possible it was for this world to become a reality. How many people try to lose themselves in drugs, alcohol, meaningless TV? We are closer to this Brave New World than we like to admit. Can this insanity our world is headed toward be stopped? I don't know but I fear that Huxley understood the human conditon all too well. We believe everything we hear on TV or read in the newspapers. Too many of us have left our intelligence and perception at the door. Wake up before it is too late and think for yourself. There was a version of Brave New World with Leonard Nimoy which presented a sort of happy ending for two people, which did not occur in the book but still leaves the Brave New World untouched. I won't say too much about John ""the Savage"" who was more human than the rest of the population but he is the mirror Huxley uses to show us how barren and sterile this Brave New World is. A place where every word can be uttered except mother and father. Children are born in laboratories. The family unit has been disassembled with all loyalty going to the state. As frightening as it is, it a must read for those who want to understand what is happening now and how easily it can happen. The question becomes: do we rule technology or do we allow it to rule us?"
"Brave New World is Aldous Huxley's vision of a future utopia.  It happens approximately 600 years in the future from now.  The principles of mass production have been applied to human reproduction. There are no parents:  everyone is born from bottles.  There is no love or hate, there is only eternal happiness.  ""Everyone belongs to everyone else"" is one of the sayings that people are indoctrinated with.  However, since happiness is the norm there is no struggle to attain it and no sense of peace with having it.  People take Soma, a drug to fight depression, every day just to excape from reality, to make life a little more ""bearable"".  The rigid caste system is enforced by treatements to embryos while they are still in the bottles in which they are grown.  The intelligent people (Alphas) are enhanced and the people who will be menial workers (Epsilons) are starved of oxygen and fed alcohol as fetuses to retard their brain and body.The main plot of the book is how a young man brought up on a Native American reservation adapts from the reservation to living in the ""Brave New World"".  The promiscuity of the society he is thrust into completely confuses him. He doesn't understand the pursuit of pleasure to the exclusion of all else.  However, this is all the inhabitants outside the reservation know.  The main character is completely confused by the total lack of true emotion that they have for each other."
"I wonder what it was like for people to read and talk to Huxley before time and technology revealed how ahead of his time he was? In the year 2002 we've come to believe just about anything is possible as technology steamrolls through our lives and pretty much over us.""Brave New World"" is as relevant today as it was when it was written. Pershaps more so. Why? Because we now know its more fact than fiction.Thinking Man vs. the conventional mind has and will always be the great divide. As technology offers more entertainment and caresses (the ability to keep us contented and happy) the more we give up as thinking, feeling beings. The more alien we become to our nature.""Brave New World"" offers a glimpse into where we might be headed. I, however, still believe the social/econimic divide will make this a much more unstable and dangerous world than ""Brave New World"" allows for.Books like ""Brave New World"" will be eliminated (as much as possible) in this world, and the need for such books, though much greater, will become pornographic and subversive excursions shunned by a proper and polite society that does not read such rude and disgusting smut.""Brave New World"" is a fast read that leaves you in a state of limbo when you turn the final page. So much happened so fast that you now need to let it churn in your mind. You need to ask yourself some important questions on how this affects you and the future of humankind.Read it, reread it, then think, then do something! Otherwise...."
"Brave New World describes a world that is at the same time completely alien and very recognizable. In this new world children do not have parents, but are produced in fertilization and conditioning centers. Already during hatching the World Controller decides who will become university stuff and who will be a backward semi-moron. After birth the people are kept in a permanent state of adolescence, with the ultimate aim to hunt after pleasure and to consume goods in order to help economy. We follow 4 individuals who make different choices with regard to their future and co-operation with the system.This book was written at a time when these matters were probably rather far-fetched and futuristic, but nowadays there are a lot of things which are frighteningly recognizable: for instance the cloning of people and the total brainless materialism and search for pleasure for the sake of pleasure. A book that makes one think and also realize how fast society has changed since this book was first published."
"Everyone loves to complain about society, to articulate the tragedies that play out when our humanity is confronted by our need for order, control and progress.  And it is our contemporary lives, our advancing technology, which always seems to be at the root of every problem.  Of course we must not forget that this is no new concept.  Brave New World was written 70 years ago, but still speaks the same truths that we see today.  Life, trauma, and isolation within society are all real and inescapable elements of the human experience, and despite our desires to avoid pain, emotion and, at times reality itself, those elements will find a way through the barricade, hunt us down and show us, at great cost, how human we truly are.  Aldous Huxley's bizarre future takes place in London, England the year of our Ford 632, a new calendar that marks the passage of time in years since the life of Henry Ford, who at the time the book was published was still the poster boy for a modern mechanized world.  People are no longer born, but manufactured, not raised, but conditioned, and each one predetermined not only by genetic makeup, but also by the treatment of their fetus before they are ""decanted"", into the position they will hold in society.  Physical ability, intelligence, and even height are determined to set apart each caste from the next.  Each caste is suited for a different level of work and each caste is conditioned from birth to unquestioningly accept their lot in life.  The modern world under this system is one of constant happiness and each member of society exists in a vacuum of emotional relationship.  No mothers or fathers, brothers or sisters, etc., no need for marriage or family or home, no need for any kind of monogamous sexual partnership, because ""everybody belongs to everybody"", or so they recite like a mantra along with all the other catch phrases of forced wisdom that have been ingrained in their minds while they slept in their nursery beds.  The conditioning, the separation of caste, and the routine distribution of a pacifying drug called soma (Huxley's magic narcotic), all work together to maintain order and a world that is completely void of conflict.  And that is the great conflict itself, of course, for what is life without pain and misery to serve as a reference point for happiness to be compared to?  What natural order can exist without chaos?  One character, who appears early in the novel, Bernard Marx, throws a wrench into this clockwork of perfection.  It is rumored that his fetus was mistakenly treated with alcohol, for he is short for his caste and is prone to withdraw from society.  His search for himself leads Marx to a reservation in New Mexico where he meets a young English man, raised in a Native American settlement, whose mother was accidentally left behind and shortly after gave birth.  John, who is commonly referred to as ""the savage"" or Mr. Savage (to those wishing to address him formally), returns with Marx to the civilization he has never known and quite appropriately finds it to be the most appalling and unnatural environment imaginable.  The counterpoint between the three main forces (John, the savage, Bernard the maladjusted and disillusioned upperclassman, and the greater society of drug-induced contentment), accentuate the themes of loneliness, abandonment, and the struggle to find meaning in a life without conflict.  This interplay culminates with a debate between John and the Resident World Controller for Western Europe that lasts for several chapters, after which the reader is left still begging the question...what is happiness if you are not allowed the freedom to be unhappy?  And the few remaining chapters offer at least the possibility of resolving that conflict.  It is hard to say what is more remarkable, that Huxley's forecasts of a Nazi-like utopian future are seemingly foreshadowed by our own advances in technology and science, or that the themes of humanity versus machines, nature versus control and order, are still so relevant, if not more so, in our modern lives.  Brave New World is still a potent commentary.  Life is an experience, one that is enriched by conflict, but hindered by it at the same time.  We can feel isolated by society, but rarely from it.  The timelessness of these truths will never escape us nor will the impact of what is commonly referred to Aldous Huxley's greatest work, which remains as surprisingly relevant today as it was 70 years ago."
"OMG! THIS BOOK [IS BAD]! wow, i think the author was on his on somas when he wrote this cuz it jumped from one thing to another and it really sucked it up! never read it, its the worst book i have ever EVER read! ERR!..."
"Try as I might, I just don't get the appeal of the Utopia/Dystopia genre. With it's idealistic philosophies and overdrawn characters, it leaves much to be desired by the realist. This book, who's plot is well known enough that I do not think I need to delve into it here, is very indicative of the whole genre. All of the characters are cardboard cutouts of the denziens of the utopian novel. There's the bewildered outsider, there's the one who can't accept the system, there's the one who accepts it whole heartedly, there's the victim of said society, etc, etc, etc. Yes, the book does raise important objections to the Totalitarian state and religious fidelity to science, however, these are actually fairly common objections that you do not need to read a 250 page book to figure out. If you loved 1984, give it a shot I guess. Otherwise, just read some critiques of Communist(and to a lesser extent, state capitalist) ideology."
"I read this book when I was 15 (and have repeatedly read it since) and it is one of the books that shaped my world.  I find it scary to re-read it now and see how many of the attitudes shown in the book are prevelant in our society today.This is one of the books I suggest that everyone read at least once.By the way, the end of the book wasn't the Savage walking on the stairs as has been said in other reviews.  It was instead... (if you want to know,  contact me at AOLIM: diaryxfairy)"
huxley should be read by any serious literature student
"A modern nihilistic classic.  Fodder for Western consumerism mentality.This book is a horrific vision of a world devoid of free will, love, beauty, truth, and hope.  Each of these vital elements of life is replaced by a counterfeit feeling: free will for social comfort; love for sexual satisfaction; beauty for socially-conditioned physical attraction; truth for convenience; hope for the mind-altering soma.  It is so far from reality though, for who would want to convince us that recreational sex and mind-numbing drugs are the answers to all of our problems?  Er, never mind.Originally written in 1932, this book is a warning about the dangers of progress without ethical boundaries; but I kept thinking throughout the course of this book, ""How far off from this BNW are we today?""  This is exactly Huxley's point--look how scientific progress keeps leading the world into his vision: genetic engineering, a growing dependency on mood-altering drugs, a softening of our sensitivities towards truth and beauty, the panacea of consumerism.  The BNW sacrifices beauty, truth, and love at the altar of convenience and frolic.A beautiful thread of irony weaves throughout this utopian mosaic--and Huxley plays on our sensitivities as we realize that BNW is not paradise, but Hell.  C.S. Lewis stated that Hell is a place where one gets everything one desires.  Because the socially- and genetically-conditioned decanted humans have no capacity to desire more out of life, they live out their days in quiet oblivion, believing that life amounts to nothing more than obtaining a string of happy moments bridged by the mind-numbing psychological pacifier, soma.  Eeeeccch.I think readers should experience the creepiness found within these pages, and then question why such feelings surround this work.  What is missing from this life?  Who wins the debate between Savage and Mond?  For this reason, I afford this classic four stars."
"I don't get it. It's very unusual. Controversial in its time, but still widely read throughout schools in the United States. I must say it wasn't all bad, the ideas he portrayed were revolutionary and original, although I was extremely let down at the end. It is clever that drugs aren't for pleasure anymore, they are everyday, for the use of increasing entertainment.  That's how someone explained their interpretation, but I still [dislike] my English teacher for making me read it.  It just seemed as if I was being led to believe one thing throughout, expecting some kind of epiphany, but got a guy walking in circles at the top of the stairs..."
"I used to carry the title of this book in a hip-holster ready to draw on any quasi-intellectual inquiry into my literary pallette as the ""most important book I'd ever read"". It occured to me recently that although I seemed to feel somewhere in my bones that this statement was true, I hadn't read the book for over six years and couldn't even remember the name of the main character. That being said, having recently devoured Aldous Huxley's landmark novel ""Brave New World"", I must most empahtically again declare that this is one of THE MOST IMPORTANT BOOKS I'VE EVER READ!What makes a book important? I think it has something to do with how well its themes and sentiments resonate with the world you experience from day to day. A quantity measured only by how many more truths you can see in unexpected places like the news, the grocery store, or a conversation around the water bubbler. ""A Brave New World"", though written at the beginning of the century, seems to have been written with a vision and a penetrating lesson for today.The world described in Huxley's account is streamlined by science and technology, driven by open-ended corporate goals, and carried on the backs of a populace socially-trained from birth to continue an existence without question or meaning. It's a world shackled by a facism with no face or name. Contrary to Orwell's visions of a future entrapped by the ever-present 'Big Brother', Huxley's version of slavery is one enforced by ignorance and pleasure. A theme that seems well-suited to the comfortably worked, television-encased, numbed to violence and tradgedy, pill-popping, bacteria petri-dish America that exists today. It's impossible to read this book without seeing even some of his most outrageous symbolism come alive in the reality of today. To say it is a book that resonates is an understatement. To say that it is an important read is necessary."
"I used to carry the title of this book in a hip-holster ready to draw on any quasi-intellectual inquiry into my literary pallette as the ""most important book I'd ever read"". It occured to me recently that although I seemed to feel somewhere in my bones that this statement was true, I hadn't read the book for over six years and couldn't even remember the name of the main character. That being said, having recently devoured Aldous Huxley's landmark novel ""Brave New World"", I must most empahtically again declare that this is one of THE MOST IMPORTANT BOOKS I'VE EVER READ!What makes a book important? I think it has something to do with how well its themes and sentiments resonate with the world you experience from day to day. A quantity measured only by how many more truths you can see in unexpected places like the news, the grocery store, or a conversation around the water bubbler. ""A Brave New World"", though written at the beginning of the century, seems to have been written with a vision and a penetrating lesson for today.The world described in Huxley's account is streamlined by science and technology, driven by open-ended corporate goals, and carried on the backs of a populace socially-trained from birth to continue an existence without question or meaning. It's a world shackled by a facism with no face or name. Contrary to Orwell's visions of a future entrapped by the ever-present 'Big Brother', Huxley's version of slavery is one enforced by ignorance and pleasure. A theme that seems well-suited to the comfortably worked, television-encased, numbed to violence and tradgedy, pill-popping, bacteria petri-dish America that exists today. It's impossible to read this book without seeing even some of his most outrageous symbolism come alive in the reality of today. To say it is a book that resonates is an understatement. To say that it is an important read is necessary."
"The Brave New World is a story about the future.  The story takes place in Europe.  In The Brave New World there are no families.  There are no mothers and fathers, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters.  People were not allowed to have children.  Every body is produced through science.  The country is run by a man called the Director of Hatchery and Conditioning (DHC).  The DHC conditions everybody to what he wants people to know.  In this story there is no pain or anger.  When somebody begins to have a bad feeling they take a pill called Soma, and it makes them happy.  The main characters are Bernard, Lenina and John.  Bernard goes on a trip to a place called the Reservation.  The DHC allows Bernard to take one guest, but also warns him about breaking the rules of the city.  The DHC lets Bernard and his friend Helmholtz Watson know that if they keep on breaking the rules they will be exiled from the country.  Bernard chooses Lenina to go with him.  Together they meet a boy named John who turns out to be the DHC's son.  Bernard decides to bring John back to the city were they live.  Bernard thinks this will save him from being exiled for not following the rules.  When Bernard brings John back, the DHC gets embarrassed and quits as the ruler.  A man by the name of Mustapha Mond is next in line to be the ruler.  John was my favorite character because he expressed how he felt.  John did not want the DHC and the government to control his life.  He wanted to live under his own rules.  John was not scared to say what he felt unlike the other characters.  A comment that typified John was, ""But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness.  I want sin.""  I could relate to being in a place that I know nothing about.  Last summer I went to Denver for three months.  To me it was a new experience.  I did not like it. The people and weather in Denver were different then I'm used to and made me feel uncomfortable.  I stayed there for three months to see if my attitude would change about my new surroundings.  I missed my friends and family a lot. This played a big role in my wanting to come back.  That's how I think I relate to John by not feeling comfortable in my new surroundings.  I have to say that when I first started reading this book, I did not like it because I did not understand it.  Huxley did a good job in explaining a lot of my questions in the ending chapters.  My favorite part in the book was when John and Helmholtz Watson were alone with Mustapha Mond.  They were not afraid to ask why world is how it is.  Just because people are happy does mean that taking soma is the right thing to do.  I would recommend this book to everyone.  I would surely recommend it to all my friends because I think that they would like the book.  People who like science fiction would probably like this book because it takes place in the future.  The author looked at science and technology and wrote about how society could change and how technology could take over  society."
"I loved this book. It was hilarious. When people die in this utopia their corpses are taken to the crematorium for phosphorous recovery operations. I wouldn't mine living in this utopia. You get to have lots of recreational sex (orgy porgies) and take lots of the soma drug with no side effects. Children get to play erotic games with each other. One of these games they play is called Hunt the Zipper. Also there is security and stability in this Brave New World, nothing like the New World Order that are leaders are trying to establish. If there is crime, criminals get squirted with the soma drug instead of being shot with bullets. I would only like to live in this Brave New World only if I can be an Alpha and not an Epsilon-Semi moron. I believe that all americans would love this book. The utopia in this book promotes Consumerism and wasteful spending, the two driving forces of the US economy. Citizens are thought these ideas by such cliches as ""The more stitches the less riches."" The one question that this book did not answer for me was what is a sexophone?"
"This book was ok.  It wasn't boring, but it wasn't the best either.  I had to read this for school.  I highly recommend that kids over 15 should read this.  People who love sci-fi would also enjoy this book.  It's content is very interesting.  The book had an excellent plot and a good theme, but I didn't really see much character development.  Overall, though, this book was pretty ok."
"This is a book that does a great job at showing the narrow mindedness of society.  We fall into our norms and grooves and are shocked by anything that fales to fit into these refences.  This book is about a dystopian society that has test tube babies, drug abuse and rocket cars.  It shows the contrast of two cultures through a lost son who is found and his troubles adjusting to his new life.  Truely bizzarre.  A good read"
"Have you ever wondered what the future might be like?  How far science will progress?  Thesequestions are all answered in the book Brave New World, and the outcome of society maysurprise you.  In this novel, the setting is London, England, several hundred years into the future.Humans are no longer born, but grown in test tubes (a la The Matrix), and children are all raisedby groups of workers.  The term ""parent"" is unknown to them.  In this story, you will meetBernard, a member of the Alpha caste (people are bred to be either intelligent or stupid) who isvery unsatisfied with his life.  When he brings his lover with him on a trip to the ""savageReservation,""  where people have families, practice religion, and other things considered taboo bysociety, they meet John, a savage who's birth parents were from London.  John leaves thereservation with Bernard and returns home to a civilization he has never before seen.  The averagecivilian views him as a curiosity, however his beliefs about society begin to raise questions aboutthe way of life these people have all grown to know, creating a bit of chaos. If you are very science-literate or thoroughly enjoy science fiction, then I mightrecommend this book to you.  However, I would certainly not recommend it to most, as it lacksan interesting plot, and tends to get awfully confusing at times.  Nothing in this novel compels thereader to finish the book.  The language used is very awkward, and often requires the reader tore-read passages in order to understand the slang that Huxley has created for this novel of his.  Agood addition to a philosophy class, this novel brings up many moral issues and questions aboutour society in general.  Because of the unusual language used by the author, however, I wouldrecommend it for college-age students."
"In the novel Brave New World, Aldous Huxley, creates the scene to take place in futuristic England.  People of this day and age have changed completly.  Instead of being born and rais for a mothe, they are by a muchine.  They are thought how to live they life by teachers.  To their bodies and personalities they are artifically made.  From birth they are choosen if they will live a upper class life or lower class life.  Their are five diferent levels in the caste system.  You are catigorized by the amount of air given to you at birth. In the society of the book stability is everything. You really have no control over the way your life is going to go.  With this in a enviornment it raises change, conflict and problems.  In the novel Brave New World, it insights you on how the future mighyt be.  It gives you a totally different look on things. The main thing is that the kids are raised be machins.  Like in our society, people take drugs to escape reality.  In this book it is called Soma.  I think this is preaty much all they would take throughtout the novel.  Instead of going to school in the day throughtout their life they get tought in their sleep.  They get thought the goods and the bads.  They would shock the things they didn't want them to like.  Another thing is there are no book allowed anywhere at anytime.  I think they would learn what the government is pulling on them.  The meaning behind the book is for little kids it would be harder to understand.  It has many perplexing questions.  I recommed this book for adults and college people, because they could get the questions Huxley is asking."
"I've put off reviewing Brave New World, as I thought I wouldn't be able to give an unbiased review.  But, after re-reading the book for the tenth time (or so), I decided to give it a shot.  Brave New World is the most important science fiction novel ever written.  Not necessarily the best, not necessarily the best-written, but the most important.  It is very good and very well written, but those are subjective points open to debate.Brave New World, published some ten years before Orwell's more popular, anti-Communist 1984, imagines a world where people are conditioned from the moment of their birth to be part of an economic and intelligence-based caste, where the media exists for the sole purpose of distracting people from the humdrum of their lives and news is created as sensationalist entertainment, where different thinking is treated with social ostracization or drugs or both, and where the rule of the entire society is maximizing consumption of material goods.  In short, not unlike the world today, and America in particular.BNW (the society outlined in the book) is a Capitalist and Freudian Hell, where people are manipulated to buy things they don't need and conditioned to be perfect molds for that manipulation.  The book follows three main characters: Helmholtz, a reporter who realizes the truth about BNW, Bernard Marx, a man who ultimately succumbs to the ostracizing criticism of his so-called ""friends,"" and John Savage, an outsider who grew up with books and without the benefit of BNW's conditioning.  All three eventually come to the same conclusions about BNW: that it is a society based on dictatorship-like control for the sole purpose of increasing consumer-base for a large, unnamed corporation-government.As politicians are increasingly bought off with ""campaign contributions"" from corporations and special interests, news media is funneled into networks owned by five white men; physical and mental health is disregarded as the Randian, Capitalist mantra of ""maximize profits no matter what"" destroys basic human dignity; and everything from wars to game shows are turned into video-games for our amusement, it becomes very difficult not to make the prophetic connections between Huxley's vision and today's society.  In BNW, there are no protests because people don't care.  There are no dissenters because they are mocked into submission when they don't squeeze into the hole designed for them.  Take a stroll through modern America, and things aren't much different.""Brave New World"" is important because it, not 1984, is the vision of the future.  In a world turning into a Capitalist ""Utopia,"" where maximization of profits is the norm and consumption of material goods supercedes all else, one cannot help but shudder at Huxley's words.  The point is made even more evident when one realizes there is no Iceland or Falkland Islands to which we can escape: when Buddhists temples in Tibet have Coca-Cola machines, it's not difficult to see the tendrils of capitalism-gone-wrong everywhere, dark and inescapable.  Good luck trying to figure out how to deal with it, besides ""if you can't beat it, join it,"" the biggest cop-out answer someone can offer - along with the Savage's solution at the end.  It can be done, however, even though the answer might not be immediately obvious.This is a science-fiction classic and a book that everyone should read.  Forget 1984: the Communists lost.  Unfortunately, the Capitalists aren't doing much better - in BNW, most people are just blissfully ignorant of the Truth, rather than oppressed and numbed by it on a daily basis.Grade: The ultra-rare A+"
"Aldous Huxley's book is a strange encounter with a world that is not completely unlike our own.  Many of the things that we do in our society are leading up to the events in Huxley's book, making it strangely prophetic, but at the same time not absolute.  The distorted cloning of humans doesn't need to happen, but very well could.The most interesting thing throughout the novel is the utopian theme.  Though the setting created by Huxley is a weird, doped up world, the people there all (think) they are truly happy.  Well, almost all of them.  John, having grown up outside of the utopian society, doesn't understand the values instilled by cloning or by using soma.Even though this book was written in 1931, it remains thought provoking; maybe even more so since some of the things discussed in Huxley's books are immeninent.  We can clone sheep, who says we can't clone humans?  We drug kids just to stay in their seats at school with ritilin, who isn't to say that we could all be taking soma in a few years, to ""raise productivity?""  More and more our society is becomming less about the individual and more about the collective, but not in a benign sense.  People are measured by productivity.  In Europe, they still have extended ""holidays,"" when American workers are lucky to have a job with paid vacation.Though I hope that our world will never be the brave new world that Huxley envisioned, I think that some of the warning signs that were clear to him in 1931 should only be more clear now to us.  If anything, this book is a great story and a good read."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a Utopian society in the year a.f ""after ford"" 632 universal human happiness has been achieved. No one is sad and the happiness is shared equally. No matter what the person does for a living, their happy. Here everyone takes daily grams of soma, to fight depression, babies are born in laboratories, and the most popular form of entertainment is a ""Feelie,"" a movie that stimulates the senses of sight, hearing, and touch. Soma is basically Prozac, but people take it very often to stay happy. There is no violence and everyone is provided for in this Utopian society. When people are born or cloned they are immediately given their future. They have no family, and marriage does not exist. The future depends on what they look like, if they are normal or not. Ranging from the super-intelligent Alpha Pluses down to the dwarfed semi-moron Epsilons. Each class is conditioned to love its type of work and its place in society; for example, Epsilons are happy running elevators. Outside of their work, people spend their lives in pleasure like playing in sports, and ...Love, marriage, and parenthood are viewed as obscene. The main characters are John who is the son of the Director (who runs Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre) and Linda his wife. The story mainly concerns Bernard Marx, a man who doesn't quite fit into a strictly controlled world. He is an Alpha, but he is still not content He takes Lenina (a woman who is a vaccination worker at the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre) for a vacation in New Mexico, where they meet the Savage. Bernard brings back the Savage into the society for his own reasons, and the last half of the book deals with the Savage entering the new world.Although this novel is Huxley's most popular novel I'd have to say the novel was a hard read and was a scientific novel, dealing with make-believe drugs and the society. For me, scientific novels aren't the types of books I like to read. I thought this book was hard to understand and follow.I would recommend this book to people who like to read scientific-fiction. It's a hard read with difficult English. I don't rate this book very high- I rate it; two stars out of five. This may or may not be the book for you!"
"The novel Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is about an English utopian society in the future.  The main characters are one of 96 clones just like themselves, and the novel guides the reader through their everyday lives.  Huxley introduces some interesting concepts and ideas, but the text lacks flavor.The tiresome novel slowly drags on discussing the differences between their culture and that of today.  There is no distinct storyline to engulf the reader's desire turn the pages, and it has a dry personality.  Huxley declines to develop his characters and they lack a certain realistic dimension.There isn't an identifiable incline, climax or decline of the novel.  Turning the pages is like drudging through a marshy swamp. Its dull continuation of information isn't intriguing, however the thought that this type of society may someday consume our world does open up the reader's mind to a shocking truth.The novel is well written, but isn't recommended for people under the age of fifteen due to many adult topics and concepts within.  It is directed toward people interested in expanding their imagination about possible future societies, but doesn't have the action and suspense to keep the pages turning, so don't be disappointed."
"The novel Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is about an English utopian society in the future.  The main characters are one of 96 clones just like themselves, and the novel guides the reader through their everyday lives.  Huxley introduces some interesting concepts and ideas, but the text lacks flavor.The tiresome novel slowly drags on discussing the differences between their culture and that of today.  There is no distinct storyline to engulf the reader's desire turn the pages, and it has a dry personality.  Huxley declines to develop his characters and they lack a certain realistic dimension.There isn't an identifiable incline, climax or decline of the novel.  Turning the pages is like drudging through a marshy swamp. Its dull continuation of information isn't intriguing, however the thought that this type of society may someday consume our world does open up the reader's mind to a shocking truth.The novel is well written, but isn't recommended for people under the age of fifteen due to many adult topics and concepts within.  It is directed toward people interested in expanding their imagination about possible future societies, but doesn't have the action and suspense to keep the pages turning, so don't be disappointed."
"Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, is an example of what a Utopian society could be like in the future.  It deals with the issues of cloning and DNA manipulation and sacrificing freedom for happiness.  Although it gets its point across, it does it so in a long, drawn-out fashion.  The novel gives some minor and unimportant details, and perhaps the most important and influential character doesn't enter the story until halfway through the novel.  Though it has its problems, the author does an excellent job of providing a scenario of a futuristic Utopian society. In the beginning of the book it almost has numerous scenarios occurring at once, making it somewhat confusing.  I found myself trying to decide which of these was the most important and how and when they would all come together.  Once again, the real story doesn't come until halfway through the novel.  The first half is merely introducing you to the society and the characters' problems and worries, some of which are irrelevant to the plot. As the book begins, you believe that the story is about a man named Bernard Marx, however, as you continue reading, a new character is introduced, name John, and takes the story on a whole new path.  Although this seems interesting, it makes the first half of the story appear unimportant and irrelevant to where the story is headed. I would recommend this novel to those who have interests in science, technology, and Utopian ideas.  However, due to some of the content, I do not recommend it for younger children.  It is also helpful if you have some background information in science and technical terms as they are used in the beginning descriptions.  Not having this information, I found myself confused and somewhat lost in the first chapter or so.  This novel is excellent in giving the pros and cons of a Utopian society, even if it takes a while to prove its point."
"Brave New World, written by Aldous Huxley takes place in England as a futuristic utopian society. Ford, who is the ultimate leader and unlimited power, rules the world. In this new world there artificially made people, who are born into a caste system. There are five classes in the caste system, there are the alphas which are the intelligent, and then there are the Epsilons that are the workers of society. Everybody in society is content with their life because they are trained to be obedient members of society. Huxley brings out very deep and interesting questions to the reader through his novel. In the novel his characters help the reader formulate but never actually answer these questions. The basic plot of the novel is not too difficult to follow, however the deep questions and ideas that Huxley brings out in the novel are hard to spot by a young reader. This novel is for someone who can spot the deeper understanding of the novel rather than the actual storyline. Some of the themes and ideas that Huxley shows the reader are genetic engineering, happiness through the use of drugs or sex, the control of science, the stability of society, and many more. In Brave New World, the reader meets quite a few characters one of which is Lenina who is an obedient member of society. Lenina does everything that a person in society should do to make society stable. In Brave New World stability is everything because without stability there is change, risk, conflict, and problems. Lenina and Bernard go to a savage reservation in the United States only to uncover a surprising story of the past. Bernard is an Alpha like Lenina, but he is deformed. He does not like sports, sex, being alone, and he is unhappy all these are unusual traits from the rest of society. Brave New World introduces many things of the future that are different than things now days. One of which is somma. Somma is a drug that people take when they are feeling sad or unhappy and they take somma to become happy. Somma is used to make a person become happy and part of society. Another thing that is different in Brave New World is that children are grown genetically to fit society's needs. A person is grown to serve society. Children are taught in their sleep about being a good member of society. These are just a few of the ideas brought by Huxley in his novel. This novel is for a person who can understand the deeper meanings behind the book that Huxley is trying to show us. It is hard for younger people to understand these meanings, but a collage person or adult would. This novel brings up many perplexing questions through the characters of the novel. It is interesting to try and see what you think the answers are. I would recommend this book for an adult or collage person because they can understand the questions that Huxley brings out in his novel."
"This is a very good book to read, because the theme of the book - utopian life in the future - is excellent. It's very interesting to think about what can happen in a distant future.It's great to consider how babies could be created by men, the ways of finding satisfaction, and the different types of people that could exist in an upcoming civilization. The vision I found in the book - a ""perfect"" world, without feelings , where everyone is only searching for personal pleasure - could be very shocking, but very realistic.On the other hand, the story has no much action, that's why some parts could be tedious to read. The descriptions are great, but sometimes they are too long. The story could be better with more action.However, this is a very good book, and I recommend people to read it and analyze it carefully, because I'm sure they will discover many things about our current society that could encourage us to a Brave New World."
"Brave New World is a must read, and becomes more relevant with each passing year. Much of Huxley's vision of the future is within our grasp: it is but a step from choosing the sex of one's babies to conditioning the physical and mental attributes of embryos; a step from the continual advertising bombardment of today to the consumerism of 'end don't mend', a step from TV to the feelies, a step from Prozac and Ritalin to Soma.However Brave New World is not the terrifying vision of the future many make it out be. This is because Huxley contrasts his sterile, engineered society of the future with the grimy, superstitious society of the reservation. Huxley asks: is it better to have poverty, violence, art and freedom; or order, conformity, comfort and banality. After all happiness is still happiness even when produced by artificial means. The balance between order and chaos is a fundemental choice for any society.All in all a thought provoking book, and therefore highly recommended"
"you've got to read it to believe it. Yes it is a brave, totally new world. Huxley words his text like non-before. I have never read a book and can actually visualize it like watching a movie. one chapter has written like a commercial, you can visualize it as the scenes flash back and forth between a conversation and the motto's of the World State. Ooh, that is brave new way of writting a book.I feel for John the Savage in the book and can see how people treat an outcast (some one they don't consider the same) then and now and probably still the same in the future. It's terrible to see a difference can be named ""the Savage"". Huxley has used many famous politic figures' name : Marx (refered to Carl Marx) Linina (Lenin -- the rusian politician) etc. to enrich his plot --to give you an idea of a conformed world that is structurized like Communist Society. A world that if you were raised and born into a class, you are it -- alpha, beta, beta-minus etc. The world seem like an Utopia like Marx's once fatacizes but once the dream has become a reality, the structure/the politic itself is destructed. Once something is new and better, they are scared by it. Scared to see the structure they have is an unstablized one. Huxley, in the book, hard-pressed the fact of his world state's motto ""COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, STABILITY"" to give you the idea of how well and organize Marx wanted his world to be. Anyway, i don't want to tell you much on how i view the book, because it is a book for you to see and reflect upon. Read it to believe it."
"This novel starts off dispassionately so that when topic of Alphas, Betas, breeding, and conditioning is brought up, it is as though they were speaking of the weather.  Huxley is, in my opinion, a master of style and building up tension.  This is no sci-fi book, and neither should it be clumped in the ""dystopia"" category; no, this book introduces all sorts of ideas and questions everyone's perception of the human condition. Anyone who is trying to grasp some comprehension of the human condition (and who isn't?) ought to read this book to gain a radically new perspective. Never forget, too, that it is considered a work of art: read it not only for its ideas but for its style, its layers, its imagery and symbolism.  I envy all of you who get to read it for the first time. Enjoy!"
"Instead of getting into the details of the book, which can be read in any other review, I think it is better not to even begin to speak about the plot and structure, and simply say the following words: THIS BOOK IS A WONDERFUL, THOUGHT-PROVOKING NOVEL.  READ IT."
"Brave New World, by Aldus Huxley, gives a startling perspective and vision of the dystopic future of our Earth. The story mainly centers around Bernard who is in some eyes, (being his mindless colleagues), a social mishap. Bernard is somewhat short for his caste, alpha-plus's are tall and in charge since they were bred and conditioned to be so. But Bernard looks past this, and his loneliness increases is ever wearying thought of the world around him. I enjoyed this book and I'm sure any young adult in search of ""piece of mind"" will enjoy it too."
"I got Brave New World off my moms bookshelf almost 9 months ago not knowing anything about it but having heard the name before and being intrigued by the title.  Last week I finally got around to reading it during a very long car ride and I was transfixed by it.  Having read other reviews by people on here the main trend seems to be along the predictions by Huxley about genetic engineering and other technological advances.  While the book does have very accurate descriptions of genetic manipulation for being written during the Great Depression, my attention was on the replacement of religion with consumarism.Being written just after the roaring 20s and the emergence of the consumption society, the world in Brave New World is the logical final step in the society Western Civilization has developed into.  Not only are people programmed from conception to enjoy whatever job they've been pre-destined for, but they're also conditioned to perpetuate the machine they're being grown to keep up. The concept of fixing things is abhorrant and the entire culture is bulit on maintaining conformity and buying products.What's shocking is that in my opinion this is going on now with media.  Its no secret that commercials try to alter your subconcious in an effort to develop a need for a product, but advertising is everywhere, not in the direct selling manner of TV commercials, but in the slow altering of what you feel you need.  Ask a teen why they need a shirt from Abercrombie that costs $50 when they could get something that looks the same without the free advertising, for $10.  If you ask the right questions, it always coming back to conforming to their friends expectations. Even the goth culture is commercialized now.My point is that in this day and age the media(owned by multi-armed corporations) are constantly berating every person in western society with ""buy, buy, BUY"" until they do.  Compulsive shopping is a problem for more than a few people.  Fight Club attacks the culture this phenomenon has produced and Brave New World shows what would be the ideal scenario for General Electric and Viacom and Disney and any other corporation that depends on people buying things they don't need.The people of Brave New World are ingraned with the inate need for purchase like some psychologists claim people nowadays need religion to feel whole.  Consumerism replacing religion creates a new alien society that John the Savage is incapable of dealing with just as his mom was never fully capable of adapting to life outside her civilization.As a whole, Brave New World is as thought provoking of a novel as I've ever read. I will admit I havent worked on 1984 yet even though I've had it for years but I do plan on getting to it soon. There are many facets in the novel like the island for free thinkers, the fact that Huxley uses the last names of prominant Socialist thinkers for many of his main characters, the stigmas on sexual modesty, ect., ect., there are too many to mention and it was only a 220 page book."
"Could the world that Aldous Huxley invisioned in his novel ""Brave New World"" come true?  The book was ment as a warning to the people of the world not to become to rapped up in creating the perfect world.  Many predictions for the future that Huxley had came true.  We can now clone animals, and it is only a matter of time before a human is cloned.  We have holograms and interactive 3-D suits that can put a person vertualy inside of a computer program. Some of the predictions in this book have become reality, but others I hope never do.  The enginering of Human beings to do certin tasks and mind control are two areas I hope Technology will stay away from.  This is an excellent book, and I think it would be a good book for anyone who wonders what the future may hold."
"The book, Brave New World, written by Aldous Huxley, was not one of the most impressive books I have ever read. It did have thoroughly extensive descriptions, and the characters seemed consistent. Unfortunately, the plot had a dark mood, and the seemingly pointless ending was disappointing.The novel takes place in the world far into the future, after a devastating war, when a world-wide utopian society has been established. People are grown from cloned eggs, put into a social class before they have reached infanthood. All of the set morals and opinions they are supposed to have are engrained in them as children through association experiences (ex: electrocuting them when they see flowers, so they associate flowers with pain) and a recorded vocal repetition played as they sleep. The main problem occurs when 2 of the main characters, Bernard and Lenina, vacation at a Reservation, a place that has been left ""uncivilized."" From there, they bring back 2 ""savages,"" John and his mother, who had been left there years ago on the assumption that she had been lost in the woods. When John sees the way ""civilization"" functions, he is both appalled and horrified. He becomes increasingly frustrated after falling in love with Lenina, who treats her affection towards him with an overly-casual manner.The ""Brave new world"" expression is a quote from Shakespeare, which John developed an interest in while in the Reservation, though the books are banned in the rest of the world. The mood is set from the start. Thousands of look-alikes are raised to think alike, act alike, and respond alike. People have all that they want and want nothing that they don't or cannot have. Family figures are considered a gross joke and are unheard of (you can just imagine how this makes John feel when people react to his mother!). Marriage is nonexistent, and commitment to a single person is highly discouraged. Everyone is supposed to belong to everyone else.All things are black or white and nobody even thinks about the possibility that there could be more, that something grey might exist in the world. Overall, I might recommend this book to anyone who is really into utopian societies where not everyone is happy, but there is no real escape from any part of it. It might be good for someone who enjoyed reading the book, The Giver, except for the fact that in, Brave New World, the storyline turns away, at random, from the path it seemed to have set up for itself. It would probably not be appropriate, fully comprehended, or interesting for anyone under the age of about 13 or 14 years old."
"If you like science fiction books then you have to read this. Brave new world is about what would happen if our world got too controlling. It takes place on earth but a different earth that we can't really comprehend. Imagine that you have been ""conditioned"" from birth to like or dislike a certain thing to fit you social station. Imagine all of the people who have been born in the way that we know today are sent to a reservation, and that your only source of happiness was a drug called soma. Imagine that erotic play was normal for children as young as five and that those who do not participate in it are considered abnormal. All of those things are defiantly hard to imagine but Aldous Huxley brings them to life in this book of control, freedom and rebellion. I would give this book five stars but there is one reason why it does not quite disserve it and that is the ending. It seems like Huxley had a dead line to meet so he just ended the book with the simplest way he knew how. Although I suggest you read it for your self, who knows, maybe you'll like the end....."
"i was told to read this book this one day when conversing over the book ""1984."" so as i read this book, i had 1984 in mind and may have influenced my perception of Huxley's book.it is a tremendous book about what life could be like in the future. in one way, our society is already heading in that direction with how free we are with our sexuality. i was in romania on a visit two months ago and saw a program from England on TV about sexuality. the program was amazingly blatant in its advice to people. it said things like ""yeah if your husband isnt pleasing you enough, then a secret lover will work."" and other things similar.it was also very interesting how Socialist the society seemed in Huxley's book. i dont know if he was criticizing Socialism (or at the time Communism) or saying that it was inevitable that society would lead to that.in the end though, it is a worth while read for anyone who wants to think. ..."
"Shocking and odd, Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is a description of a futuristic utopian society. The story takes place in a near future, in London, where people live in an awful perfect world. A perfect world for the book characters only, because they live in a world without feelings, without freedom of choice and without the opportunity to think by themselves and lack of self identity. But people in this society do not complain about the absence of those things, because they don�t know about them. They live happily and any concerns because they are used to consume soma; a drug that makes them feel comfortable with their pathetic lives. Many things Aldous Huxley predicted in 1932 in this book for a society 600 years in the future are already real nowadays, something that makes the readers think about what kind of world they are living in. What makes this story good is that it is a profound one, because it makes you think about your reality, compare your reality to the one in the book. It makes you meditate. It is not shallow like most stories I�ve read. And also, how frightening, odd, and specific its descriptions are!"
"Briefly, this is one of the most accurate insights of modern scientific industrialised society. This is particularly impressive when you consider that is was written early in the 20th century. Indeed, for the sake of universal irony, Huxley had very poor eyesight but gave us this detailed literary vision.Thoughts.Soma: Ritalin and Prozac.Feelies: TV in general, but in particular, shows that endeavour to hijack emotions such as Friends, Big Brother, Survivor, and Temptation Island etc. Those that create more intimacy with fiction than with reality. To be provocative, why did we all say the WTC attack was like a movie?"
"This book isn't so much a story as it is an interesting essay on the future, morals, society, and humanity in general.  I really loved this book, but I am afraid it had the oposite of Huxley's desired effect.  I was not turned away from this Brave New World.  It sounded rather appealing.  Maybe living in a society where truth is rationed and ignorance is bliss would not really be that bad.  Some things would be missed; reading excellent books, stimulating thought, progressing by means of ambition.  But all in all, who needs these things?  We could just take a gramme of soma..."
"Have you ever imagined what the world would be like in the future? Aldous Huxley gives you a scary glimpse into his future in the novel Brave New World. He describes a world that is so remotely bizarre, it's almost unbelievable. This thrilling saga is an example of the serious science fiction that examines the darker side of the changes in the twentieth century.  The book quickly caught my attention when it boldly described how babies were born, or rather decanted, in the laboratory.  The scientists of the future used a procedure known as the Bokanovsky process. One female human egg can be made into 96 children on average, all of them completely identical in feature, form, and brainpower. When the babies are ""decanted"", they immediately get classified into a caste. The caste system consists of Alphas, Betas, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons, each caste having subcategories ranging from Minus to Plus.  Throughout the novel, Huxley describes everyday circumstances in which these people take part. For example, the standard movie theater has been replaced with special presentations called ""feelies"", a type of moving picture that will give actual physical stimulation comparable to what the characters in the ""movie"" would be feeling. Spearmint gum has given way to sex hormone chewing gum- the favorite of one of Huxley's minor characters, Benito Hoover. The population eats grams of soma, a non-hangover-producing drug, every single day.  The development of the soma was quite intriguing. In the civilization, Soma became not only a thing to add to life, but in fact the only reason for living.  The idea of God has been dissolved to make way for their choice of worship, Ford, and his book ""My Life and Work"" has become the new Bible.  Brave New World is Aldous Huxley's predictions of the result of a completely organized society, the scientific caste system, the abolition of free will by systematic conditioning.  The people take regular doses of chemically induced happiness, and nightly courses of sleep-teaching called hypnopaedia.  This book made me take a step back and question reality. The entire time I read the book, I wondered if the world could actually fully function in the way the book depicts. In today's society, we believe that prosperity is more important that happiness, that working hard for success in life is the ultimate goal.  In Brave New World, Huxley shows how it might be if people began to think differently, but perhaps he shows which way of life society might already be falling towards."
"Brave New World is one of the more unique and surprising novels around. Surprising for the fact that although it was written about 70 years ago, so many aspects of the society in the novel that are reality today that Huxley could have no way known about. Without giving too much of the plot away, much of the technology in the book exists today, or vey close, in a way that the author couldnt have known about. Huxley also does a good job giving his characters true human feelings for the right situations, but does not explain why people feel this way, which would have made the book perfect. There are also parts where the story slows to almost a halt, and becomes tedious to read. Other than that, Brave New World is definately recommended reading."
"Stunning!  I have read the book, and now re-read it, and it only gets better.  But the question always comes up: which is better, Brave New World or 1984?  Well, first off, both are good, if not great works in themselves.  But it seems that people always choose 1984, and just 'cause it's more ""storyish.""  Well, this may be true, but I wouldn't count out Huxley's little masterpiece too quickly.  There are three main points to make about Brave New World in supporting its excellence, and possibly superiority to 1984 . . .1. Huxley writes with an unending intelligence, but his genius is relayed subtly to the reader.  Just check out the names of his characters for instance - Marx, Bakunin, Engels, Popé, LENINa (all names of socialist/communists and/or busts on religion) - and the list goes on and on.  Huxley's satire is unique, if not all the more biting in the fashion it is presented.  The best example of this lies in the Solidarity Service, a direct slam at the practice of Communion.2. Like any great writer, Huxley knew Shakespeare, and incorporates his works into the novel.  Just read the book through once and see if you don't agree that John the Savage is the penultimate Shakespearean tragic hero.3. Huxley doesn't have to be as blunt as Orwell with his terrifying vision of the future.  He doesn't force us to label this aspect or that aspect of his dystopia as ""black"" or ""white,"" ""right"" or ""wrong,"" but rather allows us to determine what is horrible and what is possible.All in all, it is only those without patience and those unwilling to stimulate their minds who label Brave New World as ""bland"" or ""outdated.""  For those who claim that it is ""wrong"" in its predictions, just think about the permeation of sex into everyday life or just how close we are to ""test tube babies"" right now . . ."
"Huxley's ""Brave New World"" depicts the world as some leftists aspire it to become: it is composed of a World Government that determines what our destinies will be at birth, conditioning them to be that, repressing religion, all concept of God, science, family, art, etc., all in attempt to squash the reality of truth or perception of difference among others. It is, in short, a socialist Utopia whereby all people and things are engineered to be equal. Huxley's portrait is terrifying in that it is not all that far-fetched. Entire institutions are based on such concepts, and Huxley portrays the characters here as fully in-tune and accepting to this reality. The lone exeption is, ironically, a character Huxley names ""the Savage,"" a Native American who, despite a lack of  formal education, raises serious questions about the Brave New World, leading to tragic consequences.""Brave New World"" is a bit disturbing at times, but forces the reader to think and see the world differently. It is indeed a book that changes one's view of government and people, and appears to remind us that it is government that serves people and not the other way around."
"I enjoyed reading Brave New World by Aldous Huxley and watching the lives of the characters unfold from the beginning.  The growth and dismantling of the characters brings you right into their world.  This world Huxley created 60 years ago is very similar to today.  I was able to make connections between my life and the lives of the characters, which really brought this book to life.  This is a fast read and great for a Sunday afternoon."
"A lot of people like to read this book as a doomsday chronicle, gloomily noting how close the present resembles the future Huxley describes. In their voices is a superiority, a sense of  ""I'm the only one who can see what's going on while the rest of you are duped.""  Rather a silly notion, since this is such a well-read book and so many other folks are saying the same thing.  Furthermore,  I am not yet convinced the world is going to hell; in fact, I'm not all that convinced it's any worse than it was a thousand years ago.  Naturally I'm crippled in this judgement by the fact that I wasn't around a thousand years ago.  Yet much of what Shakespeare wrote is hardly less vulgar, shocking, sensational than what's in the theaters today (especially in the context of his culture) and the same can be said of Greek literature (ever read Lysistrata?)And so I find the accuracy of his future predictions entertaining, amusing, but not exactly haunting or frightening. It's fun when he's right, it's even more fun to join him and proclaim our society ""hurtling towards"" the predictions that have time yet to come true.  But the greatest effect the similarity between his Fordian future and our own society has is to help us relate to the universal, timeless issues that make this book interesting and almost a classic.  Stability versus passion (remember Achilles choice?)  Happiness vs knowledge (Adam and Eve...at least in literature), society vs individual, nobility vs indulgence.  It's a little heavy-handed as it deals with these things, it lacks subtlety and complexity and eloquence, but that's probably why so many of us have read it in high school english classes.  You have to start somewhere, and if you try to start with Homer, good luck.Some nice tidbits I particularly like:""For particulars, as everyone knows, make for virtue and happiness; generalities are intellectually necessary evils.  Not philosophers but fret-sawyers and stamp collectors compose the backbone of society.""  (2)  Philosophers, along with poets and prophets and anyone else trying to see a thing wholly, belong on the margins of society.A fit description of the television:""Not so much like drops of water, though water, it is true, can wear holes in the hardest granite; rather, drops of liquid sealing-wax, drops that adhere, incrust, incorporate themselves with what they fall on, till finally the rock is all one scarlet blob.""  (32)""But everyone belongs to everyone else...""  (46)  Sexual communism!Maybe the best quote in the book:Impulse arrested spills over, and the flood is feeling, the flood is passion, the flood is even madness: it depends on the force of the current, the height and strength of the barrier...Feeling lurks in that interval of time between desire and its consummation.  Shorten that interval, break down all those old unnecessary barriers.""  (51)""Progress is lovely, isn't it?""  (118)""Yes, and civilization is sterilization.""  (128)Another quote that is bigger than the book:""One of the principal functions of a friend is to suffer (in a milder and symbolic form) the punishments that we should like, but are unable, to inflict upon our enemies.""  (214)""But I don't want comfort.  I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness.  I want sin.""""In fact,"" said Mustapha Mond, ""you're claiming the right to be unhappy.""""All right then,"" said the Savage defiantly, ""I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.""  (288)"
"...Poeple like the politician in that news story use events to make sure everything you do is 'within' the lines, everybody is as homogenous as possible. Brave New World is not that far away - in the name of security, don;t be surprised if they come up with a machine to read your htoughts...."
"I really like A. Huxley.  I've read some of his other work, studied his life a bit, and found him to be a pretty cool dude; he was intelligent, curious, and fearless.He was also pretty dark.This book is a wonderful examination of the present (back then) projected into the future, where subtle issues of the day are allowed more time, and through technology, more ability to express themselves.As interesting as the topics of industrialization, government control, and ""what happiness is"" are, I was dissapointed that (as creative as the man was) he couldn't render a better alternative to a world that had become a very scary and dark place.  For instance, in a society as techologically advanced as the one he describes, why would they abandon efforts to reach immortality?  Take away that spector and it would materially change the relationship between man and happiness, and his use of drugs to augment it.But alas, it's easy for me to be a critic.  Bottom line, this is a wonderful and worthwhile read.Enjoy..."
"I finally read this book, and must say, it is utterly terrifying. It was a great read, but is it as good as everyone says it is?Huxley's outlook on the future is a little too negative for me. Yes, I get all that he is trying to say. And yes, the book does make you think and it is the kind of book you can discuss forever.  However, he does not convince me at all that the future is bleak.I will not turn this into a discussion on the positives and negatives of progress, etc.  This is a book review.  The bottom line here is it is a great read.  It will definitely open your mind, and is a great conversation topic.  It just falls a little bit short of all time great, and may be just slightly overrated."
"this is a great book.  (i hate capitalization so i will not be using any).  this book shows us the means mankind can and inevitably will go through to reach utopia, which in and of itself is erroneous.  no plan devised by man can produce utopia in that he is corrupted by his own humanity.  when we hear the word utopia we automatically think oh yeah, thats peace and harmony.  well, i shouldnt say we, cuz i dont.  utopia, in my opinion, is not necessarily peace.  it is simply the state of society in which every person is free to be him- or herself.  pure individuality if you will.  as i have been quoted several times, ""Utopia is the feeble attempt of man to grasp true intellectual freedom.""  even if man somehow manages to create a way of controlling society and programming its citizens utopia will still not have been reached.  obviously it isnt reached going by my definition in that the people are told what to think and are nothing more than drones carrying out their meaningless lives.  but even throught the accepted meaning of utopia it is still not attained in that even though everyone exists in peace with everyone else there are still the ones doing the controlling that are left uncontrolled.  thus they are free to think whatever they want.  inevitably they will disagree and the utopia--even though it is false--will be shattered.  we may dream of a utopian society but that can never happen on this earth."
"This is one of my all-time favorite books (in part to chapter 3), I would still like to caution readers: A, don't read while depressed, this book'll not really help. Secondly, for some reason I read this book for the first time during the summer before 7th grade, because I thought it would be a typical science fiction-type dealie. BAD IDEA. It really freaked me out, but I couldn't stop reading because I liked it so much. I'd say, wait until high school. I find some new angle every time I read it, but as Eric Cartman would say: ""It warped my fragile little mind.""  Well, at least for one July afternoon. I still recommend it tons, though."
"Despite its existence since the early 20th Century, this novel  remarkably continues to unravel a future that contains progressively disturbing similarities to that of ours. Such conflicts as science and religion, beauty and flaws, society and solidarity, love and lust, indulgence and morality, life and death... are all questioned in this quest for happiness and meaning of life. I found this book thought-provoking by the end.The book introduces several characters, the first one being Bernard Marx who didn't quite fit into this perfected and almost mechanical civilised society; later on he visits a 'Savage' camp that is part of the 'old' world, which hadn't been modernised and still remained cultural, uncivilised and 'flawed'. Throughout these journeys, comparisons between the two worlds are evident, and the book explores the conflicts as well as the connections between the individuals that struggle to live in them.You would need to read the book through to the end in order to really appreciate its entirety; I personally found it a little bit of a struggle to get through sections sometimes because of the elements and concepts that you had to grasp, but once you've accustomed to it and reach the end of the book, it really is worth the read."
"When someone writes a novel (or develops a theory in a simple conversation) about the future he's not necessarily trying to be a ""Nostradamus"", ""play god"" or other such nonsense attributed to Huxley. First of all we all are opinionated about what's to come even in the not so close future. It's natural, it belongs in human sense to try and foresee where we are going because projecting helps us avoid mistakes, or, helps us ""correct"" our steering.  Huxley, more than half a century ago sees a society heading to a world full of cloned non-individuals who are conditioned with scientific (and horrifying methods) from childhood to behave in specific ways and fulfil specific ""social missions"" or ""assignments"". There's no free thought except for inside the frames you have been planned for and the illusion that your thoughts are indeed your own.  People (or the clones that inhabit Huxley's Brave New World) are born and kept into chambers where messages are repeated to them 100s or 1000s of times until these messages become a mentality that the clone sees as his own. Arts have been reduced to more scientific propaganda where there is no message to be conveyed except for the ""feel good"" effect that keeps things ""quiet"", there is no objections and no critique because as the clones are very well convinced ""what is there to criticize"".  For those with the occasional lapse in ""reasoning"" there is 'Soma' , a wonder drug which everyone takes and which soothes down your tendencies of questioning or depression. The uniformity is ruthless and anyone who (somehow) manages to step out of line is sent ""away"", usually in some place with rebels similar to him where conditions are harsh and opportunities for survival are scarce.  This is summarily Brave New World as seen by Huxley and if we try, or as we keep trying to see whether he did indeed have a point we can only compare with what we currently got. This is the only safe passage to a ""safe"" conclusion.  In that respect Huxley proves to be frightengly right even if the current methods dont seem similar to the ones described in his book (but who's to say they wont become such?).  While uniformity in today's society might not seem all-encompassing it's not in Huxley's book either. Today, people might not be conditioned from birth in chambers with countless repeated messages but they are conditioned through a uniform school system with uniformed dogmas. They then keep being conditioned with centrally controlled media and any objection or tendency for questioning is similarly thrashed by the weight of ""public opinion"" which is of course not the product of individual thought.  And as for the wonder-drug 'Soma'?While we might not have a wonder-drug (yet) we have a plethora of other drugs which we all (or almost all) take for exactly the same reasons may those be alcohol, cigarettes, softer drugs, or harder or even the omnipresent anti-depressants which are becoming as common in use as alcohol.  What about the feel good arts, the 'feelies' as they are descibed in Huxley's book? Go into any record store and look at the charts. If you still have any objectional, individual thought in you, you wont see anything but message-less, critique-less, thoughtless art that only wishes to calm you down, to soothe you like a 'feelie' would. Sure, music that doesnt fit those lows exist but are you ""trained"" to find it or are you ""conditioned"" to understand it? The same applies for books or for movies.  Being that this is a review for a book and not a sociological analysis (which would probably take not one but many other books to start with) I'll keep it simple:  Huxley is indeed accurate in what he foresees based on his times. And while this development is not (or is it?) fully developed yet, while it will probably get a lot worse before it ever gets any better, the point remains the same. Had Huxley been living today and tried to write the same book i dont see how it could've been any different. If anything it would only be more scary or more discouraging concerning our course as a species what with cloning now being reality and not sci-fi anymore and with science being even more a servant to those that pull the strings for ""our own good"".  Some reviewers here say that the author is not charismatic or that literally looking at it he's a mediocre writer that has a powerful idea but doesnt know how to lay it out well. There might be a degree of truth in all of these claims but, in my humble opinion, with such books this is totally besides the point.  Huxley wants to express a fear, an angst, that not only he has, but many of us, before him, and after him. This is strikingly obvious. In in that ""mission"" of his he succeeds beyond any doubt because the present serves as hardcore evidence for his claims.  Along with '1984' by Orwell this book is not simply a ""dystopian"" classic but a great sociological analysis disguised as a novel. Its value is more than meets the eye especially when one thinks that our eye is not trained to meet much."
"Although this book was written over seventy years ago in the midst of mass production, the message is timeless.  With the industrial revolution to look back on and the onset of the idea of mass production at the time this book was written, technology becomes the antagonist.  Huxley paints a picture of a future where capitalism makes humankind into just another commodity.  People in this society are manufactured and graded within the hierarchy like chickens in a hatchery.  This book will bring forth ideas of what we as individuals want from a society and what aspects of it are important.  The message is timeless because it applies to how we live today.  This book touches other aspects like sexual attitudes, social importance based on birth as opposed to merit, tolerance towards violence, the use of drugs for recreational purposes (which proved to be prescient considering when it was written) and the important of high art to provoke thought.  This book is pretty small and yet is full of ideas.  The book is terse and the characters in the story are flat to establish the conflicts and move the plot along.  If you've read it in high school as I have you'll still enjoy it many years later."
"I read this book for English class last year and was blown away.  This book is amazing!  It cleary shows what destruction human beings are capable of, and what the world might evolve into.  If you read closely and think about the world today, you will notice that we have some things in common with Huxley's vison of the future world.  I think this is a must read."
"Brave New WorldOur future may be closer then we think. This book offers a glance into the future that shines some light on our present. Aldous Huxley book, Brave New World, has earned its four star rating, because it gives a good description of what our future could possibly be like. The main goal of Huxley ""system"" is to keep people happy and to motivate them to consume as much information as possible. The main character is a naturally born and bred person who comes into this world and urns to be a scientist. Huxley does a good job of detailing the factory state and reasons for its development. Many may think we should strive for a perfect race; however, until we realize that we will never be perfect race, we will never achieve perfection. I believe Huxley was trying to say that a superior race may be the way of the future; there would not be any deformities and every one would be equal unlike us; but never the less our individuality makes life worth wile. This book may help others understand how things to come may be, it may keep people open minded about our future.The first part of the book is mainly about a young man named Bernard. He was made as one of the more intelligent humans. Everyone in this society is manufactured to do a certain job, and people are taught to serve the production. They are programmed from the beginning to work toward certain mottos and sayings, community, Identity, and stability. Ernard is treated sometimes as a outcast because something went wrong during his conception, and he turned out small and weak. He is often alone and criticized. Bernard has his own ideas and visions of life. He wants to know what it might be like to have a wife and a child. Bernard knows a pretty girl named Lenina, but she does not possess Bernard's new age ideas and visions. Bernard and Lenina decided to go to New Mexico to visit a savage reservation. When they got there, Lenina complains about all the horror and the smell. She forgets her soma at the hotel and has to suffer without it. Soma is a drug invented for people when they go on holidays and outings.  The story line concentrates on the savage's experiences in this brave new world. Only to find that it does not live up to his expectations and dreams. In the beginning Bernard Marx (the person who brought him to the civilized world) and his quest for happiness and a love-live, also finds problems with society, but still craves what it has to offer him. For a while the savage is the key but it does not last.The book has been written decades ago and the fascinating thing is that the described civilization actually comes pretty close to today's industrialized nations.I do not like science fiction books that use monsters or extremely unrealistic technological inventions. Aldous Huxley tried to predict the future in a very realistic way, based on certain trends that started developing during his time. He did a great job and it is not too unlikely that the future that's still to come will actually be very, very close to the future he writes about.I have read the book three times now and I keep finding interesting details that I had not noticed before. This is much more than science fiction. It often has more connection with psychology. It's not just a vision of the future but an accurate a look of the mindset in today's world. It is no imaginary vision, just the world of Huxley. I remember when my friend told me to reed this book. When I first opened it I did not understanding much of it, but somehow it always said that this was a book I should read. Well now I am done and my feeling wasn't Wright.  This is a great book, but not easy to read. If you like your fiction nice, fluffy and happy, then this won't be your cup of tea at all. If you like books that not only have a strong plot but are also thought provoking, you not only should read this but you need to."
"This book is not intended to be a vision of the future, though that is it's fictional setting. Instead it is a story about freedom, or lack of it, about society and our role in it and about conflict between different belief systems. In that regard Huxley does a remarkable job - he uses an interesting story and landscape to provide insight into the human condition in the 20th century and beyond.It is set in a fictional world where people measure time since Ford (as in the motor company's founder) - 360 AF. Ford has become a deity, the founder of modern society through his ideas about manufacturing. Of course the society presented has little or no bearing on Ford's ideas but then hypocrisy looms high in this world. The society is highly structured, it has a caste system dividing people into groups from the Alphas (the thinkers, more individual, highly revered) to the Epsilons (conditioned for no more than menial labor having deliberately stunted development).The conditioning of society is key. Babies are bred, not born. Conditioning starts in the testtube and continues through sleep hypnosis and role play through life. Huxley takes the idea of conditioning too far, in my opinion - I think our genes provide too powerful counterweights to this conditioning but it's easy to accept the idea. Society is controlled by a readily available mood enhancing drug called Soma, by the uniformity of it's people (a process has been developed to cause the development of many many identical children from a single fertilized egg), by mindless pornographic entertainment and freely available sex and by the conditioning allowed.It's here that we find the most interesting parallels - are we using mood enhancing drugs too much? Is entertainment just a pap to the masses? We certainly feel a sense of discomfort from the extreme forms presented in the ""Feelies"" but are we really that distant?Set against this are characters who rebel, who feel they are repressed, who feel the need to be alone, who want to pair with a single other person instead of being promiscuous, who feel individual ford-dammit! In the extreme this is represented by ""The Savage"" - a boy born of a mother who came from the world Huxley portrays but is accidentally left in a reservation where the backwards old-world (e.g. our world) ideas persist. The savage does not fit in in either world - rejected by the other members of the tribe for being the wrong color and for the promiscuity of his mother, found to be too weird in the conditioned ""modern"" world where his ideas are too weird.It can easily be argued that Huxley has created too extreme characters - particularly in the savage who is into self-mutilation and extreme sacrafice. However, it is by the use of these characters that some of the subtleties come out and so long as we see them as simple foils I don't think we need to get too caught up in them.It's too easy to view this book as some kind of vision of the future and laugh. In one very early episode they are showing new employees around the bottling plant (the bottling of fetuses of course!). There is all this technology to manufacturer babies according to precise specifications and then the proud guide indicates the massive *card* index needed to record it all! However, as I started, this isn't a vision of the future, it's a fictional world which acts as a bedrock for the presentation of ideas and it's the ideas which are the beauty of the book."
"This has to be one of the most fascinating books I have ever read.  It is listed up there with Orwell's 1984 and any other book that sheds light on a utopian society that is perfect on the outside, but empty to the core.  I gave it five out of five stars for it was outstanding on many different levels including drama, romance and good old satire humor of a society striving/maintaining perfection.  It is a must read for high school and college students.  Don't pass this chance to read somthing good!  I say drop Moby Dick and pick up somthing that will change your perspective on things instead of making you numb and sleepy."
"I still remember when my friend recommended this book to me almost 5 years ago.  He told me that at first he thought it was a mere science fiction adventure, however after reading it, he was surprised at the depth of the novel, expecially in its critique of society.  This was back when i was first beginning to question my reality and i knew at once that i would need to read it.  That was probably one of the best ""decisions"" i've made in my life.  This novel has now become a staple of my library, and i never get tired of taking it out to read every few months of so.  The story is about a civilization void of passion, yet a person almost engulfed by passion is forced to face this harsh world.  In the end, no compromise can be made between the two opposing worlds, and passion is once again sterilized from this bleek world.  The gorgeousness of this book comes from its insightful handling of the conflicts that occur when the two worlds meet.  Sometimes I think that Huxley must have been able to travel into the future as some of his narractive are so vividly relevant to the hot issues of today.  It is hard to believe that this book was written nearly 70 years ago when it is so easy to picture our society evolving/de-evolving into the society depicted in this novel.  I can easily see people hundreds of years in the future picking up this book and nodding their heads in agreement with Huxley's epiphanies.  Yes, the characters may be forgetable, the style mundane at times, yet the insight of this book is so colossal, it easily overcomes these minor flaws.  This is a book that is timeless because it challenges the very fabrics of humanity, the eternal struggle of man vs. his passions."
"This past summer I asked my closest friends to give me a list of the ""best books they ever read"", or at the least books that had the greatest impact on their lives.  Thanks for this one guys!  Today, in our time, talk of gentics and embryo meddling is common. I mean, we have all heard of cell splitting, cloning, and Dolly.  This is nothing new.  Aldous Huxley wrote his futuristic horror of gene meddling in 1932!  The man must have been a genius! Huxley's story is his idea of what our future holds as he looks around himself way back in 1932.  In 1932 many new inventions and ideas were sprouting so fast, it must have been a marvel to witness. Possibly the means to writing this somewhat horrific tale?  In this book time begins with ""the Year of Our Ford"".  Everything before that time is not considerable to the book's characters.  In the year of our Ford...humans are grown in bottles.  There is no natural birth, no marriages, and no special schooling and intellect needed to find your place and rightful job.  We are a collection of rotating bottles in a gene ""hatchery"" lab.  At certain levels some genes are mutated to produce different kinds of babies.  Babies are cared for in the lab and fed subliminal messages until they are old enough to live on their own.  Sex is merely a necessary act for these people, not ever for procreation.  Some babies are born gifted, others less intellectual.  The mutation of the embryos and the resulting child are how humans become sorted into their own social caste.  Each cast of people have designated jobs and also, matching clothes.  For instance, If you were lucky enough to be born an Alpha, you would wear green and have a decent job.  You accept this because of your conditioning at the ""center"".  If you were born an unlucky Delta-Minus, you would be unintelligent and become a sort of ""worker-bee"" and wear black.The Center, that creates and conditions these babies has a motto...""COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, and STABILITY"". They seem to have it all figured out.  Everyone is pre-destined for their place in the world.  Huxley's fantasy future goes a little awry when a natural born adult (who grew up in a ""zoo"" because childbirth is so ""dirty"" and ""ancient"") escapes from his habitat and ventures into this ""Brave New World"".  A fabulous twist to the almost psychotic stability of our future.(?)What will this ""feak"" man do and think of the new world? The answer is the answer to many questions we all have as we read this classic tale of our worse nightmares come true.  We are the natural man, reading this book.  We are just on-lookers into the world he braves to enter.  Huxley forces us to be the ""Freak"" and feel the pain of what might be to come.  I gave this book only four stars because while it is a fabulous tale, it lacks as a page-turner.  I agree that it must be very informative for people in 1932 to understand the concept of genetics, but for a modern reader the pages of details can become irritating.  Nevertheless, I wished I had read this one in High School."
"really no need to write sth about this ""cult"" novel... in a couple of years everything written by this genius man will come true..i should say this book was the reason why i studied molecular biology and genetics for four years..and it turned out to be the only thing i can work on...to clone myself...(maybe FBI will read this and i will be dismissed from the scientific community hehe:)) i wouldnt care the least...i ordered this by amazon.com coz i couldnt find the complete original text in Turkey unfortunately..this invaluable work of art will stay next to another breakthrough work of art by Orwell, of course 1984, in my library...where would i be now if i hadnt met these i dont know...(the explicit lyrics by PULP!! those of you will remember:))"
A fictional but eye opening look at the dangers of capitalism and where we may be headed.
"It's useful to keep in mind that Brave New World was first published in 1932.  This is not the most subtle novel that you'll have read, nor the most lyrical, but in my opinion much of what makes this novel a classic is it's originality.  Orwell's 1984, to which Brave New World is often compared, was more than fifteen years from being published,.  This was before Ray Bradbury, Phillip Dick, or Isaac Asimov.  Some of these comparisons are more relevant than others, but the point is that the genre of futurism and science fiction had not yet been born.Brave New World can be read as a critique of the direction in which our civilization is headed, but on another level it can be interpreted as a critique of where we already are.During the tour of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre, the scene which opens the book, the Director Mr. Foster states that the secret of happiness and virtue is ""liking what you've got to do...making people like their un-escapable social destiny.""  Those of us who through luck of birth have grown up in Western free market economies have embraced the concept of creating our own destinies, but for the vast majority of the inhabitants of our planet life's reality is much different.  The concept of an ""un-escapable social destiny"" is not a futuristic nightmare, but a reality of the present; workers don't have their growth stunted through alcohol in their decanting fluid, but through malnutrition and disease.Perhaps Huxley's clearest statement is in favor of being awake and aware of society's ills, rather than blinding ourselves.  In Huxley's brave new world, individuals achieve Foster's goal of embracing their destiny largely by staying busy, avoiding any reflection, denying their mortality, and drowning themselves in the drug soma whenever a problem arises.  Brave New World carries a heavy anti-drug message, which is ironic in that Huxley would later become heavily involved in the psychedelic drug culture and would be considered one of the godfathers of the hippie movement .Huxley is a bit heavy handed in suggesting that society much pick one of two extremes (either the madness of the savage or the sterile soul-less utopia of the controllers) but in the end he uses this device to show us that there are choices to be made.  An interesting observation, and one that is rarely noted, is that in the closing debate between the World Controller Mustapha Mond and the Savage, it's Mond's argument Huxley makes more convincing - or at least that is articulated more clearly.  In the end the reader accepts neither, in that both represent an unacceptable extreme, but Huxley makes the point that the emotions of passion, ambition, love, and glory come with the costs of jealousy, violence, and suffering.This is a clever novel, and at times unexpectedly funny, but in my opinion I'm not sure that Brave New World ranks as great literature.  In the areas of character development, dialogue, and structure it's in many ways forgettable.  What makes the novel interesting is its timelessness.  We now face new threats, from terrorism to nuclear war, but the novel's core message is a relevant today as it was in 1932."
"Huxley was a genius.  I find it hard to believe that this Brave New World he invented was created in the 1930's and not the 1990's.  This book ranks up there with Fahrenheit 451 and Lord of the Flies.  It really will make you appreciate all of the freedom and liberty that we take for granted.  The characters were very colorful, I found myself pulling hard for Bernard Marx.  Some of the characters were static, but that was clearly by design.  The plot moved well and Huxley did a wonderful job of staying consistent, always a difficult task when writing a Futuristic Novel.  His understanding of Shakespeare was also outstanding and shined through the memorable dialouge given to The Savage character.  You'll read this over one weekend easily, but if you are anything like me, this one will stick with you for a lifetime."
"Brave New World is a very confusing book.  That would be the first sentence that most people would use to describe it.  Biological jargon at the beginning is enough to put anyone below a certain understanding away.  However, if you do understand the book, it is absolutely brilliant.Brave New World is a book which centers around a society in which all needs are catered to, all people are conditioned into liking what they do, and engaging in activities which biologically give pleasures to the body such as drugs and sex; Brave New World is a book about a society where happiness is the key goal, however the goal doesn't come without a price.  Huxley takes us into a world where people are born into a caste system which they are conditionally brought into liking their way of life, and accepting other people's ways.  Learning isn't encouraged; people are no longer born, they are cloned or raised from DNA.  Identity is lost in this society, no one is anyone special, except a select few world controllers, who are merely the clockwork of the society.Aldous Huxley is brilliant in this book.  He raises astonishing questions on the importance of love, of individuality, of age, of freedom, and of pain.  He also asks whether those should be sacrificed so that everybody would be happy.  I myself can't make the decision at the moment either, although if you have thought of what is really important to you in your life, I would encourage you to read this book.  Brave New World isn't too close to 1984, which is a common misconception, as the themes of the two books are wholesomely different.  I'd advise you to pick up this book if you don't know what your philosophy is yet, because this book will make you think.  And that's why they would have banned it in the new world."
"The novel's opening scene introduces the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre, where the World State director explains how babies are being ""decanted"" instead of born. Here, human beings are mass-produced through the ""Bokanovsky Process,"" which ""in exceptional cases, can make one ovary yield over fifteen thousand adult individuals."" Huxley's ""squib about the future is a thin little joke,"" wrote a British reviewer, who scoffed at the author's prophecy in Brave New World  when it was first published in 1932. Sixty-nine years since the publication of this chilling little masterpiece, Brave New World  has been reread and reinterpreted by generations of readers (and made into a movie starring John Malkovich.) Events in the recent years have proven Huxley's prescience. The artificial civilization, which he had projected 600 years into the future seems to be actually approaching far sooner. In Brave New World,  farmed embryos produce an emotionless civilization, a future Utopia, where human beings are socially engineered for the sake of social stability.  To imagine that the idea of social predestination will actually take place eventually may sound too far-fetched to be taken seriously. But come to think of it, the idea of human cloning was considered unthinkable during Huxley's time. Now it's at the doorstep of this century."
"I have to say right off the bat that this is one of the greatest books I ever read. Everyone already commented on the glimpse of the future...chilling totalitarianism, yada yada yada...I'd love to give you a complete analysis of the book, but it's 10:30 and I'm tired. THe story is thourougly engaging, kept me enticed until the end...kind of expected it, but in another sense it cought me completely off guard...it was a masterpiece...better than 1984, which, while quite cool, struck the reviewer(I have to refer to myself in the third person once per review...it's policy :)) as a bit dry and tedious."
"I've read this book about ten times in my life since my dad gave it to me in Junior High-it is a fantastic book, and the ideas expressed in the book are timely even today. If you ever read one book in your life, this should be the book."
"Maybe I was not in right frame of mind when I read the novel, or I should not have read Orwell's 1984 so soon before, but I found Huxley's novel too tedious, complex, subtle and unengaging. By itself, BNW would be a 5 star novel, however compared to 1984, it just does not match up. Its character development, character relationships... are too odd, weak and unbelievable. Its technological jargon is perplexing, and so on. It was not a completely horrific novel, but not the best.Perhaps one day, when I am in my 20's... 30's or 40's, I shall pick up another copy and just adore it. Perhaps."
"I have seen the future and it is nice, quiet, calm, agreeable, and one of the scariest things I've ever seen. Read this book to see for yourself."
"Aldous Huxley's novel ""Brave New World"" is both one of the best science fiction books and one of the most brilliant pieces of satire ever written. BNW takes place on a future Earth where human beings are mass-produced and conditioned for lives in a rigid caste system. As the story progresses, we learn some of the disturbing secrets that lie underneath the bright, shiny facade of this highly-ordered world.Huxley opens the book by allowing the reader to eavesdrop on a tour of the Fertilizing Room of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre, where the high-tech reproduction takes place. Into this seemingly advanced civilization is introduced John, a ""savage"" from a reservation where old human culture still survives. Thus, BNW is also a tale of ""culture shock"" and conflict.Huxley creates a compelling blend of bizarre comedy, serious character study, futuristic extrapolation, and philosophical discussion. His writing style is crisp and witty, and cleverly incorporates references to canonical works of literature. Probably the scariest thing about BNW is the fact that, in many ways, humanity seems to be moving closer to Huxley's dystopian vision."
"Brave New World was a very enjoyable, fast and easy book to read.  It portrayed a futuristic world with controlled communities of trained minds, and genetically engineered people: all belonging to one another and all working together.  Happiness was the main goal in these communities, and many people have agreed that it would be nice to live in a simple world like Aldous Huxley created.  But in reality, can we honestly say that anyone is always happy?  It would be nice to be placed in a job that you've been trained since birth to enjoy, but where is the freedom?  Where is the true happiness that is earned from also learning how to suffer?  Brave New World is a book that can change the way you think and also teach you to appreciate life as it is (even though we're closer to this ""New World"" than we were 70 years ago)."
"So anyways, I picked this book up thinking it would be an interesting tale about the future and totalitarianism.  While it was about that, I found it difficult to find a plot.  Aldous Huxley kind of rambles for a hundred pages, and then he introduces what then becomes the main character, Mr. Savage.  He then quickly wraps it up in a crazy crazy way that was not at all what I expected it to be like.  Normally surprises are good, but this was one of the crappiest books I have ever read, good night."
"I had to read this book for English class in eleventh grade. I didn't want to like it, especially since I hadn't liked any of the other dreary books we'd read that year.  But this is a brilliant book, and I have to admit I liked it.  This is no pleasant dream of the future.  Like 1984 and Animal Farm, and even Lord of the Flies, this book takes a look at the darker side of humankind.  What happens when capitalism becomes a religion and human beings are created in a lab?  Where sex and drugs are the cultural rule and reading Shakespeare is taboo? It's a chilling picture, despite the outdated technology and references. It gives us a look at the dark side of capitalism as well as the power of words and symbols over the human mind.  It's brilliant, provoking, frightening and unforgettable."
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World predicts a utopian society set several hundred years in the future.  The society Huxley presents is emotionless, sexually promiscuous, and dependant upon drugs.  People are peaceful because they have been conditioned to fulfill their place in society.  Huxley portrays a dismal situation in which people have no control over the events in their life.Written in the 1930's, Huxley's book predicts many technological advances that are finally materializing about seventy years later.  Several of these technologies include rapid of transatlantic flights, the ability to clone, and portable music devices.  As a result of these predictions, readers are left wondering how close today's society is to achieving the Utopian society that Huxley predicts.Brave New World has been challenged frequently and banned as well.  Many critics claim this book is unacceptable because of its language and moral content.  The language throughout the book isn't offensive, but sexual promiscuity, drugs, and immorality are encouraged in the Utopian society Huxley presents.  Ironically, many books are banned in Huxley's Utopian society.I came to a horrific realization after reading this book because I believe that Huxley's proposed ""Utopian"" society is feasible.  Huxley did not intend this to be the case; but he intended this book as a fictional work.  I don't think that this book should be read for its realism, but for entertainment."
"Huxley's Brave New World has often been described as a chilling prediction of a sterile future world where people are genetically engineered into 'castes' and are unable to advance or better themselves.But is this such a bad world?  Someone has to clean toilets.  Someone has to sweep streets and collect garbage.  Would it not be better to have these jobs done by people who are happy with their lives.  In Brave New World everyone below the top caste is inbred with an awe for the Alpha group who are the leaders, movers and shakers of the world.  There is no fear of rebellion.  People live lives of peace, harmony and tranquility.So what is wrong with this picture?  Why do we so fear the very things we seek?  What is it in human nature that we want the savage to take root amongst us and tear down our sacred cows?  Indeed the savage is the only 'personality' in this book.Brave New Word is relevant because it questions our view of the society we want.  In reality we do not want to live a life of social outings and days on the golf course.  Man needs adversity in order to thrive.  What is it in the nature of man that craves hardship, dirt, pain and risk?  What does it say about us as a race?If you haven't read this book, you should.  It is one of those must reads which can change the way you think about life.  In style it is short, sterile and spare, a reflection perhaps, of life in the Brave New World.  There is no adventure here, no great story that will thrill you.  But this is a book you will not forget."
"Why post yet another review of a book that already has 300+ Amazon reviews available?  Because too many readers come to *Brave New World* indoctrinated with the idea that it describes a ""horrifying"" future along the lines of Orwell's *1984.*  But what makes *Brave New World* so memorable is that the future Huxley describes is (when viewed objectively) quite nice.  People live in peace, society is prosperous, everyone is born loving his or her job and status, etc.  Unfortunately, most readers today have already heard so much about the book that they automatically reject the society it depicts.  This knee-jerk reaction never forces you to admit the many good aspects of Huxley's creation and to articulate why such a future is bad (if indeed you conclude that it is bad).  Coming to the book with an open mind will also enable you to see it as a work of art rather than a propaganda piece."
I read this book in 12th grade english and fell in love with it as did many of my friends.  It is a very interesting foretelling of what or world could become.  People genetically egineered into specific social classes and the ignorance and danger that stems from it.  This is a book that everyone should be able to say they read.
"This book is inevitably compared to 1984, with good reason. But this book lags behind 1984 in the literary sense.Make no mistake. Huxley was a genius. He was far ahead of his time and had many ideas about the future that have become real. But the problem with the book is his writing.Orwell is such a fantastic writer that, while you shudder at the bleak vision he has for the world, you become more interested in the characters of the book. Huxley's characters are just props. Huxley felt like sharing his ideas, but he couldn't just write about them. It seems like he just inserted the characters in so that there would actually be some in the book. Without good characters, a book seriously lags. If Huxley had just been a better writer, the book would be worthy of the comparisons to 1984 that it always recieves."
"I always enjoy Orwellian novels and those on dystopias, and though BNW was worth reading to see Huxley's view on a bad path, I found the substance of the novel seriously lacking. It lacked a main plot pulling the whole thing together. He jumped around from protagonist to protagonist, leaving you begging for him to settle on one dissenter, but instead all you get is four or five wishy-washy ones. Take a gram of Soma before reading this one."
"Predicting the future is a risky business, often complicated by unpredictable discoveries and changes in the world. Aldous Huxley, with his book Brave New World, seems to have no trouble at all. Brave New World is an excellent book about a utopia set hundreds of years in the future, where Henry Ford is worshipped as a religious figure and everyone is at peace with one another. People are trained for their jobs from the embryo, babies are ""decanted"" from test tubes, and parenthood is looked on with disgust. But in the city of London, England, a man named Bernard Marx starts to question civilized life, beginning to want a long-term relationship, a family, knowledge- all forbidden things in the future.  One reason that I recommend this book is the incredible way in which Huxley portrays the ""future"", as of the early 1930's. Things such as scent organs, portable music devices, and transatlantic flights definitely didn't exist back when Brave New World was written, yet he predicted them surprisingly well. He even got the time of the jet to America correct, around six-and-a-half hours. His accuracy with the future is one of the reasons why this book is still in print after around seventy years, as a matter of fact.  A second reason to read this book is Huxley's character development. As Bernard begins to realize that civilization and the world he lives in is controlled, distorted, and altogether wrong, he begins to affect society with these different ideas. This causes others to start questioning the way that they were raised, all of their beliefs, and the world that they live in. What do they know for a fact, and what was hypnopedically taught to them while they slept? What's more important, happiness or knowledge? What is right?  However, he did make one small error when guessing what the future would be like. Nuclear power can't be found anywhere in the book, even though it was a hot topic back in the thirties, when Brave New World was written. Huxley mentions this in an article he wrote around twenty years later, talking about how inexcusable that mistake was- but is it really? Fusion will probably be a huge source of power in the future, but who knows? Things change, a better source of power may be discovered, anything. And is that really a good reason not to read this book? It's certainly excellent in many other ways. I really think that this is a great book, and is definitely worth reading. It will introduce you to new ways of thinking, give you an enlightened view of the world, and maybe even change your life."
"This book is a true marvel.  Huxley had tremendous insight considering this book was written in the twenties.  This is very much the world as it is becoming in Western Civilization.  Huxley paints the terrible picture of a perverted society where the individual is not capable of being an individual at all.If I may then I'll compare this to 1984.  This is totally different.  Instead of a super state or ""Big Brother"" control over the masses through brute force, here we have a society of people who are living in a very perfect and peaceful world where people are bred through a mechanized process.  The family has been successfully destroyed.  Through genetics a caste has been put into place and each person seeks his own happiness or contentment.Emotion is almost a crime in a Brave New World, while sexual promiscuity is encouraged.  The people here never want to feel unpleasant and they ignore things that are plainly unjust.  The people live in an almost drugged state where entertainment, recreational drug use, and easy sex are the substance of life.This book really brings it all home.  The problems today that face us are spinning out of control because the people care no longer.  Morality in the freedom of the individual has been replaced in the Brave New World by a sort of political correctness that is more of a collective sense of what is right and what is wrong that is conditioned into the fetus as it is developing.This is a great book today and will be a great book tomorrow as the human race is constantly increasing in technoloy.  This book offers a choice between total security and safety (and a bland life) or an uncertain life where every man is his or her own master of destiny and may stand as a individual and free.  We all must be forever on our guard of our rights or we may wake one day and find our selves living in a Brave New World."
Huxley made a great setting.  That's about all that's great.  The novel had no plot and little character development.  It's definitely not worth reading by choice.  I think that a better writer could have developed the first few chapters into a wonderful storyline given the chance.
"After ""Point Counter Point"" ""Brave New World"" is the novel that really put Mr. Huxley on the ""map"". Although he was criticized nonstop in his time by his peers, today this novel is seen as it was supposed to be seen back in 1932. To begin with, this novel is supposed to represent a Utopia, a perfect world if you will. Happiness is wide spread, and people are broken down into categories. Alpha-plus, Alpha-minus, Beta-plus, Beta-minus, so on and so on, Greek letter after Greek letter. But, because of severe, extra severe conditioning, they like the jobs they work in, and wouldn't be happy anywhere else. Sex, and public sexual experiences are as common as soma usage. No one really cares what anyone else does, sexually atleast. They have also soma. Soma is a hallucinagene times 20, and it effects the body very little, and soma is legal. Often in this novel people take ""Soma-holidays"", which is a bit of eternity and bliss in 6 or 12 hours. The conditioning starts before the babies are even out of the test tube, and it works very good. Bernard Marx is the first main character that we run into, some other major players are Lenina, John (The Savage), and William Helmholtz. Unlike most books, this one has no main character, there is 3 main players in this novel, and it changes back to each regularly. Bernard Marx is a hypocrite pretty much, he says something and does another. It is said that alcohol was put into his blood-surrogate on accident, because of his stunted growth, and his surreal ideas.Well, there is a lot more that I could write, but then you would get no surprises. You will enjoy this book, and I know views on this book vary widely, and I'm sure one stars on this book have some good points just like 5 stars. It depends on your mindset, and what you believe in. This novel will make you think, and I know that I will reread it in the future. ""Brave New World"" was written by a very open minded author, and if you read his other novels you will see just how open minded. Amazon gives a good deal on the book, so, if you can then I suggest you buy it here. This edition of the novel contains a forward by the author a decade or more after he wrote it, saying what he thinks is missing from his novel, and also a small biography of Aldous Huxley in the back. Enjoy!Mark_Sigel"
"This book demonstrates the current errors in our ways as humans and our ""pursuit of happiness.""  All the time we continually make things better and try to make our lives easier, and generally only the lucky few of us get to enjoy these things.  Brave New World is about a book in which humans are cloned into their social castes and are to either live a working life or an easy life in which there is no point but happiness.  The lower classes are subdued by ""perfect"" drugs.  This book will open your eyes and make you look at the current seperation between rich and poor and hopefully help you understand the serious implications it might have.  It will prove to you that there really is no such thing as a perfect world."
"Ah yes, after hearing President Bush's decision to federally fund stem cell research, I quickly dashed to my computer and here I am, writing a review for Huxley's Brave New World.  Although commonly refered to with Orwell's 1984, Brave New World uses a different road to reach dystopia. In 1984, Orwell uses fear and supressing people as a means of governing, and uses constant war to maintain economic equilibrium. However, Huxley's world is completely at peace, there are no wars, and relys on creating a world of statisfaction for people, and wasting resources is the chief means of keeping the economy in stasis.  Huxley depicts capitalists gaining control of the world, not Orwell and his stalinists, which is more plausible, and even does a convincing job showing what we may be like in eighty (yes, I am bold enough to say eighty years only) years.  IF YOU DECIDE TO BUY THIS BOOK, Huxley wrote an essay reflecting upon Brave New World, and aptly dubbed it Brave New World Revisited. It would be an indespensible guide to getting a proper reading of such a good book (however, it doesn't get 5 stars because Dostoyevsky is much much better)"
This is a must read for those concerned about genetic engineering and human cloning and such issues. The great story that accompanies Huxley's distrust of those that dare to tamper with nature does not bode well for those who do not believe we lose our own humanity the more we consider others less important than ourselves.
"While A Brave New World gives readers a brief glance into the complex reality of a technologically conditioned society, Huxley's main criticism centralizes around the notion of the absence of humanity and individuality as a result of ""COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, and STABILITY."" Huxley's novel is not an attack on knowledge or the advancement of science, rather it is a commentary on the effects of applied science and the consequences of tampering with Mother Nature's natural course. Basically, it's a horrifying novel that makes your brain think in ways that experience has taught you to eliminate and neglect. Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Hard-core non-fiction--it is whatever you want to call it and so much more. A definite read."
"A very good book with very good points, i would suggest that you read 1984 or We also, i fell that Orwell did a much better job with his negative-Utopia"
"Brave New World is a book with several problems, problems which make the book unenjoyable to read.  Many of the problems lie in the writing and construction of the ""novel.""  Indeed, we have already hit upon the first of the problems.  For Brave New World is clearly an essay, disguised by the thinnest veil as a novel.  The story opens with a ten page discussion of what this new world is like, but because it is ostensibly being said by a teacher to students, it comes across as - as it indeed is - a lecture.  This technique is employed by Huxley several times throughout the novel, and one is lead to question the control he had over his writing, or the time he spent thinking about how to construct such a story.  Although Huxley does begin the novel with interesting literary techniques - the lecture is interspersed throughout with two different plot lines, which do create an interesting plot - he abandons them after the first chapter, and uses the characters only as a medium to show the reader what such a utopian world could be like.  The consequences of this decision are obvious: the characters are static and lifeless, merely moving props to explain a world, and the reader does not - indeed, cannot - make any connection with them.  And then, somehow, Huxley manages to switch protagonists halfway through the story, from a civilized man at odds with society, to a savage who comes into it and looks at it with a different prospective.  Huxley's reason for doing so is obvious - he uses the savage to discuss the horrors of this utopian society - but the effect upon the book as a novel is devastating.  The change in characters breaks any sense of unity, coherence, or integrity the book as a novel had up to that point.  Even were one to address Brave New World as an essay about the consequences of our current obsession with science and power however, one would be disappointed.  Huxley's predictions seem improbable and poorly thought out.  For history tells us that a totalitarian government such as the one established in this novel would not be benevolent, endeavoring to make everyone happy, but tyrannical and oppressive.  But within Huxely's own framework, it seems clear that he gave the implications of his society little thought - for why, in a utopian society brought about through mind control and genetic engineering and designed to make everyone happy, would you maintain an economy?  Not only would it become unnecessary, but the capitalist system clearly breeds hardship and unhappiness for those without a certain amount of income.  Perhaps Brave New World suffers primarily from the fact that it was published in 1932.  It is dated.  My advice, in short, is: read Animal Farm or 1984 instead, Orwell did it better."
"A fantastic voyage into what increasingly appears to be the near-future reveals the finer, or not so fine, qualities of human ingenuity.  While production and conformity are praised, individuality and emotion are punished and pushed away.  In the end, one person in a caste is like all other people in that caste.  There is no love, no mother, no God.  Instead, all praise goes to Ford and the only measure of like or dislike is the dislike higher castes have for those beneath them.  All totalled, Brave New World is like most dystopian novels with the exception that, unlike most, it is hauntingly close to reality (as is also the case with another great dystopian novel, Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury)."
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World takes place in a futuristic one-world socialist society. People exist as a resource for the state. Created in test-tubes and conditioned from birth, there are no families, and all liberty has been abolished. People work and carry out their lives in ignorance, never forming any meaningful relationships. Children take part ... and adults are encouraged to cohabit with many parters. ""Everyone belongs to everyone else"". Huxley makes the story very lively and interesting. Some parts are almost silly.I find Brave New World thought provoking, but not quite prophetic. There are many parallels to the world today, and where it may be headed. Perhaps this book will cause people to reevaluate what it is to be human, and how large a role they want the government to play in their lives."
"I Decided to read this book because I had heard so much about it. Especially, since Dolly the sheep came into being. Now, I wonder how many of the people that referenced this book in the cloning debate actually read it or at least read it recently.The book was great ! The point of the book was against the social conditioning that we see all around us and the orthodoxy of the dominate ""intellectuals"". Clones are used to show us that by allowing ourselves to be conditioned rather than thinking about ourselves and our society we lack any sort of individuality or freedom.I found the appeal to morality and God to be especially refreshing. The idea that the view of God as not being required being a folly of youth is something not heard often enough.Using this book as a reference against scientific research (cloning or any other) is particularly ironic given the following passage :""But once you began admitting explanations in terms of purpose - well, you didn't know what the result might be. It was the sort of idea that might easily decondition the more unsettled minds among the higher castes-make they loose their faith in happiness as the Sovereign Good and take to believing, instead, that the goal was somewhere outside the present human sphere; that the purpose of life was not the maintenance of well-being, but some enlargement of knowledge. Which was, the Controller reflected, quite possibly true. But not, in the present circumstance, admissible. He picked up his pen again, and under the words ""Not to be Published"" drew a second line, thicker and blacker than the first; then sighed, ""What fun it would be, "" he thought, ""if one didn't have to think about happiness!""Personally, I think the message of the book warns against political correctness or blind faith  in any orthodoxy (religious or otherwise) not cloning. What is bleak and frightening in this book is not that the faces of the characters look alike but that their minds work the same. Mental homogeneity is as frightening a prospect if it comes from TV, movies or other sources of propaganda as if it comes from a test tube."
"Many have found Huxley's Brave New World to be an accurate and intelligent social commentary.  Thus far I have met no one with an opinion similar to mine. I think Huxley's message is garbage.  We are supposed to appreciate the finer things in life? what are they? the things that have appreciated in the past?  Ironically when I read this, I discovered a perfect world.  No disease, no poverty, everyone is happy, if  ""superficially"" so.  Even those that are dissatisfied get their own little islands, to engage in their romantic ideals.  The majority of people have never truly appreciated the finer things in life.  The average person is not a wine taster, the average person, doesn't watch theater, the average person would rather read Grisham than Tolstoy.  The message is completely moot.  It's never been truly applicable.  The appreciators have always been a minority.Even though the message is trite, and pointless, I did find the novel itself quite entertaining, and well written.  More importantly I feel that people should read this critically to develop their own ideas.  Whether agreeing or disagreeing.  Remember also that no society is without its conditioning."
"Soma, feelies, scent organs...these are some of the wondrous inventions which litter the landscape of Huxley's ultra-happy dystopia.  From the opening scene where we watch babies being farmed instead of born this book creates a world where science and logic have wiped out individual inspiration and such petty things as love, poetry and Shakespeare.  This novel is a terrific read for it's ability to create a horrible world, and yet make it seem not so bad.  This is the real power of the book.  While the world of 1984 is obviously a nightmare, the world of Brave New World does not seem that bad for the most part.  It draws you in and makes you wonder what a movie would be like where you can feel what the actors are feeling, or what work would be like if it was always perfectly challenging and stimulating.  It creates a world that you know you are not supposed to like, but which is seductive none-the-less.  And this sets up the final scene in which three men argue the fate of all our lives.  In which art makes a stand against easy happiness, in which love makes a stand against ignorant bliss.  The last twenty pages are a tour-de-force of philosophical inquiries which makes you realize that even though you could be happy in Huxley's Brave New World, you would never be yourself.  And that is the only true happiness there is."
"Simply superb! Huxley's Brave New World is so well written in every single way that even the forward was interesting. I have not come across a book this good for a long time. The plot is innovative, the story is captivating, the characters multi-layered and well presented, and the writing - ah, flawless!Brave New World invented a seemingly improbable world of perfection, where science had taken out all the elements of misery, where everybody is happy or so they seemed. Yet, Huxley's Brave New World is but a satire of the current world we live in. Then, through the touchstone experiences of a Savage, Huxley cleverly pointed out lackings of the current human condition. That is the genuis!The story is so engaging that you could not put the book down. The ideas presented are thought provoking and intellectually stimulating. At the same time, the writing itself was so fluent and beautiful that the reading experience is simply heavenly. I recommend this book to everyone!!!"
"I was not blown away like many other reviewers with this one.  This tale of a frighenly perfect future world has its moments, and there are many of them, but overall I don't ran it with the best of the Future Shock type books.  It was hard to find a character to like, as they were all so sterile from theyr future conditioning.  Perhaps that was one of the points, if so, fine.  But it makes for a dull read.  The whole explanation of how things got like they are was done very well, with the teacher giving his lessons, and the lockerroom conversations going on all at once.  I wish something similar to that technique could have happened more often.  Overall, its a good book worth reading, it just doesn't pack the wight of a 1984 or Lord of the Flies."
"Your Wildest Fantasy or a Dystopic Nightmare?An unlimited supply of state-sanctioned hallucinogenic drugs with no ill effects.  Free sex, free contraceptives, and no relationships or commitments to worry about.  No illnesses or unsightly aging.  Unlimited access to recreation and games.  A government committed to maintaining everyone's happiness.  And this is a bad thing?Actually, it is.  For this is the Brave New World, set in A.F. 632 (approx 2544).  While on its surface it may seem like some wild fantasy, the harsh reality of life in the World State is one where individualism has been extinguished long ago, along with religion, art, poetry, and philosophy.  In its place is a materialistic, strictly controlled world where the New State (the totalitarian government) is in total control.  Except for a few outposts of Savage settlements (such as the Native Americans), the new world is completely homogenized into one entity, whose citizens are divided into 5 distinct castes.The most disturbing aspect of this society is the idea of ""playing God.""  Humans are merely produced in an assembly line, set to mimic the uterine conditions of a fetus.  Indeed, the assembly workers partake of various tasks, designed to condition the fetuses for their pre-destined castes.  The lower castes are starved of oxygen and nutrition to make them inferior, while the Bokanovsky and Podsnap processes enable scores of human clones to be produced in rapid succession.  Then, once they are decanted (born), they are ""conditioned"" (brainwashed) as children into accepting their status with happy abandonment.Another disturbing element is the severing of all ties to the family and motherhood.  The words ""mother"" and ""viviparous"" are considered obscenities of the worst degree.  The ""Savages,"" who still hold more traditional ideals of marriage and family are objects of ridicule and contempt.The first part of the novel deals with the technology involved in this new world, while the second part details the exploits of John, a boy born of a World State mother while she is trapped in an Indian reservation.  The moral conflict that John shows and the utter bewilderment of the World State denizens is striking.  The idea that John's ideas of piety and pureness, ideas he ascertained from Shakespeare's works, are foreign and queer to the inhabitants of this new world.  In fact, John is treated as a human oddity, yet he is easily the most human of all their inhabitants.This book is a satire, so it lacks of the riveting suspense and tension of ""1984.""  In fact, from a worldly and pragmatic view, the World State isn't that terrible.  Even when dissenters are found who threaten the stability of the World State, they are merely exiled to a remote island, a far cry from the fate that befalls dissenters in ""1984.""However, Brave New World still  merits a read.  It is entertaining and does show how de-humanizing the pursuit of worldly pleasures can be.  The World State members are happy, but they are shallow shells of human beings who cannot think for themselves, love each other, or believe in a higher being."
"The best part of this book is the frightening utopian world that Aldous Huxley creates.  The horrifying outcome of the abuse of technology, particularly genetic and reproductive manipulation, is made clear.  The beginning is very detailed in providing an elaborate explanation of the automated world without family in which the book takes place. However, the characters and plot seem flat and even ridiculous in their simplicity and cultural and social stereotyping.  Despite those limitations, I would recommend reading it as part of a basic education of utopian literature."
"Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, is the story of a utopian society set in about 600 A.F. (After Ford). Ford, the father of the Model T, replaces the God figurehead in Huxley's novel. The characters exclaim ""Ford!"" in moments of great emotion and make the sign of the T on their stomachs. In this dystopian society, all cultural elements and the intellectual pursuit of science and truth have been sacrificed for a world of comfort and convenience in which war, poverty, hunger and disease have ceased to exist. Eugenics is the basis of society with Alpha Pluses at the intellectual peak and of the greatest stature and the Epsilon Minuses at the bottom of both. Sex is not only treated casually, but promiscuity is expected as a duty. When all else fails, the hallucinogenic drug soma is dispensed to keep the masses at least opiated. The main character, an Alpha Plus named Bernard, searches for what he feels must be a truer meaning to life. He befriends a peer who seeks desperately an art he can not define nor find. Their quest becomes more realistic upon a chance encounter with the Savage who is ironically much more cultured and intellectually awared than this genetically engineered pair. Bernard's search highlights the central theme of the novel: Will humanity sell out culturally and intellectually for comfort and security? Is suffering a necessary state for the moral health of humanity? Aldous Huxley's upbringing in a family renowned for its scientific and literary pursuits is evident in this well executed novel. I strongly endorse this book as one of my all time favorites and a sure classic."
"Within this timeless cautionary tale, one will discover that the moral spirit of the world can become more corrupt through the self-conscious reduction of chaos that surrounds and molds it.  Add this brilliantly thoughtful Huxley piece to his pile of outstanding visionary titles."
"In Aldous Huxley's book Brave New World people live in a world where humanity is carefree, healthy, and technologically advanced. Warfare and poverty have been eliminated, all races are equal, and everyone is permanently happy. In theory it is a perfect world.But is this  really the world we want to have and are these ""perfectly"" trained people the people we want to be?Those are the questions posed skillfully by Aldous Huxley.Therefore this book is a very good one and I can recommend it without any restrictions."
"A world where nobody is unhappy... this is supposed to be a bad thing in Huxley's story. What nonsense.I find it strange that Huxley supposedly had any affinity towards buddhism... The ultimate goal in buddhism is the ending of suffering... other things... freedom, love etc... are unimportant next to this. To say that you want to ""keep the right to be unhappy"" (as one of the characters in the book says) is the most unbuddhist thing anyone could say...What stupidity... taking pride in your ability to be unhappy..."
"Brave New World:  Huxley's Reasons for Success Brave New World, written by Aldous Huxley in 1932, remains a prevalent, thought-provoking novel more than seven decades after its initial publication.  Huxley's vision of a futuristic society and the themes repeated throughout the book keep Brave New World a popular and enduring story. One of the themes in the novel is that of control.  Huxley tries to give the reader a better sense of the control and organization of the future he's envisioned by creating several slogans and continually repeating them throughout the story.  These slogans are repeated to every child in the future during their sleep, so that when they are fully grown, the slogans will not just be guidelines enforced on everyone, they will be seen by all as truths that should never be questioned. One of the slogans present in the story is ""everybody belongs to everyone else"" (Huxley 121).  This slogan was designed to make sure that no one was ever lonely.  ""But,"" as the Controller of Western Europe says, ""people never are alone now, we make them hate solitude; and we arrange their lives so that it's almost impossible for them to ever have it"" (Huxley 235).  Loneliness was found to lead to deep thought.  Deep thought led to questions about religion and death.  Thinking about religion and death was found to make society as a whole unhappy.  To keep people of the future from being unhappy, it was decided that everyone should be distracted from their loneliness by friendly and sexual interactions with everyone else.  Since everyone wasprogrammed with the slogan ""everybody belongs to everyone else,"" no one saw their relations asbeing morally wrong and therefore they had been conditioned to never be lonely.  ""A gramme is better than a damn"" and ""A gramme in time saves nine"" are two related slogans spoken within the book (Huxley 116, 89).  They are meant to remind people that when they are scared, angry, or unhappy, they should take a gramme of soma to forget their troubles.  Soma is a `drug' of the future that people use to erase their worry and pain, almost like some people use alcohol and drugs today but without most of the dangerous side affects.  ""Why you don't take soma when you have these dreadful ideas of yours,"" said Lenina to Bernard, ""you'd forget all about them.  And instead of feeling miserable, you'd be jolly.  So jolly"" (Huxley 92). Certain slogans repeated to children during their sleep don't have to do with happiness or soma.  Instead, these slogans are written with the purpose of separating society into different classes and making sure that each class knows and enjoys the benefits of their social position.  Beta children are taught separate lessons than Alpha, Gamma, or Delta children.  For example: ""Alpha children wear grey.  They work much harder than we do, because they're so frightfully clever.  I'm really awfully glad I'm a Beta, because I don't work so hard.  And then we are much better than the Gammas and Deltas.  Gammas are stupid.  They all wear green, and Delta Children wear khaki.  Oh no, I don't want to play with Delta children.  And Epsilons are still worse.  They're too stupid to be able to read or write.  Besides they wear black, which is such a beastly colour.  I'm so glad I'm a Beta"" (Huxley 27).  Through their conditioning, Betas will always express these views about the social classes of their peers. Yet another slogan in the story is ""when an individual feels, the community reels""(Huxley 94).  This slogan was designed to remind people to suppress their emotions.  Whenstrong emotions are felt, such as love, passion, hate, and jealousy, it gives people something torally behind.  It makes people feel that they have something to protect, something that is worth fighting for.  Feelings like this would not keep society whole.  People with different feelings anddifferent needs would split off into different factions.  Eventually these factions would face off against each other and the world would be exactly as it is today, torn apart by constant war.  As the Controller of Western Europe explains to the Savage, ""But chastity means passion, chastity means neurasthenia.  And passion and neurasthenia mean instability.  And instability means the end of civilization.  You can't have a lasting civilization without plenty of pleasant vices"" (Huxley 237).  This slogan was put into place to protect society and discourage people from having such non-conformist feelings. The slogans, activities, and attitudes of the people in the future all come to a culmination during the conversation between the Controller of Western Europe, Mustapha Mond, and the Savage from Malpais, John.  During this conversation, Huxley writes about God, religion, and love.  Huxley reveals through banter between the Savage and the Controller his many concerns. One of his concerns is that God and religion has been replaced by drugs and youth.  Instead of concentrating on religion and death, the people of Huxley's future are blinded by their soma and their `immortality'.  If no one in the future ever really ages until the day that they die, then what is to make them think about what happens after death?  If no one physically ages, then there's no reason for anyone to worry about where they're going after they die because they're all still so young and alive.  If by some off chance someone did start to think of such things, they would only have to take their daily dose of soma to forget their worries about death and God.  ""Christianity without tears- that's what soma is"" (Huxley 238). Without a God in the world to inspire ideas such as courage, patience, and dignity, would nature and love have a purpose? If in the future, someone could have anyone else they wantedwithout any effort, would there be a reason for love to exist?  In Huxley's mind, probably not.  As the Controller of Western Europe explains, ""In civilized countries, you can have girls withouthoeing for them; and there aren't any flies or mosquitoes to sting you.  We got rid of everythingunpleasant centuries ago"" (Huxley 238). Huxley's society of the future is very different from today's society.  Although science and technology continue to improve in the real world just as they did in Huxley's envisioned future, everything else in the story is very far from becoming a reality.  Love, religion, and God are still as alive today as they have ever been.  Nature is far from being forgotten.  In fact, today the preservation of nature is a global concern and is paid for in part by individual corporations as well as national governments.  Most people today still have their emotions intact and while there are depressants such as alcohol and certain drugs in today's society, the government does not sponsor or support them as the government of Huxley's future supports soma. Huxley's novel has withstood the test of time most admirably for over seven decades.  His challenging themes that stretch the mind, his brilliantly designed world of the future, and his views on society, its dangers, and what it could possibly become are what has kept Brave New World continually popular for several generations of readers.Work Cited Huxley, Aldous.  Brave New World.  New York:  HarperCollins, 1932."
"I liked this book, however there were some parts that I didn't like. There was also other parts such as a Sexual Scene between two of the Characters. This scene seem werid, the story of the book was very intersting. It was very fictional, to the degree of Matrix fictional. I personalilty prefer books that does not bring fiction to such a high degree, and is more realistic.If you are thinking about wether or not to read the book then think about this. What movie would you rather watch? The Matrix, Praties of the Carrdein or any SCI FCI movies? or The Itian Job, Ocean 12, and action movies?  If you chosed Matrix then you should read this book. If you do not want to Hear Sci-Fci infornation which is inrelaved to today's socity then this book is not for you- P Tran"
"In the present, human-kind is generally living in a world of freedom. People have every right to think, feel, and express themselves in whichever way they find suitable. One individual is no different from the one sitting across from them. To each his own, as they say. However, in Aldous Huxley's novel Brave New World, society is presented in an entirely different way; a cleverly disguised and manipulated dystopia. Each individual, conceived and born out of a test tube, is subject to a sort of ""caste conditioning"". There are no mothers, no fathers, and the citizens begin practicing promiscuity while only toddlers. Separated and conditioned specifically according to social-status, this society functions solely on the work of the people and soma-induced ""holidays"". Bernard Marx, a high-class Alpha Plus, lives with confliction in this world. Bernard, who is unlike most Alpha Pluses due to a mistake during his test-tube infancy, is one of the few who dare to question the society in which he lives. Pained by unhappiness and societal neglect, he functions with depression. Lacking the promiscuous behavior his fellow Londoners practice, he has concentrated his focus on a woman named Lenina Crowne. Fortunately for Bernard, Lenina accepts his offer for a date to a ""Savage Reservation"" where native Americans still function as they would today, without conditioning by an outside source. While they are appalled and disgusted by the inhabitants and culture of the reservation, they come across are rather unique fellow who differs greatly from the people of the reservation. Deciding for mostly selfish reasons, Bernard brings John the Savage and his mother back to London. Eventually, the drastic change in atmosphere and overwhelming disgust towards human nature leads to John's untimely demise. Still torn between my feelings about this book, I will say that Huxley elegantly portrays his vision of the future with such sophisticated language and gripping narrative. He has the ability to create in the reader the tension, sensuality, or anxiety that is occurring in the each part of the book. The words he chooses and the style of which he writes can unknowingly cause a build up of emotion that you do not realize your face is only inches away from the pages, eager with anticipation of the moment. However, at times it can seem slightly chaotic and leave one emotionally drained at the end of a chapter. The ties to Shakespeare throughout the text and even to the root of the title itself (The Tempest), is a compelling aspect. Initially published in 1932, the eerie prediction of fascism and the idea dangerously resembling Hitler's Third Reich is something that, if the reader looks close enough, leaves one thinking. I suggest reading this book with an open mind. Many ideas can seem somewhat shocking and slightly sordid, but it only adds to the intensity of the novel. Anyone with a fondness for these dystopian novels, such as George Orwell's 1984 or Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 would find this book most intriguing."
Brave New World is one of the few books to ever give me a vivid dream/nightmare.  Although it is really intended to be social satire it affected me more deeply than that other classic look into the future by George Orwell that was intended to terrify.
"My Opinion: I didn't find any characters that I was able to like. One is given a choice between insanity and lunacy as Huxley says in his forward. I picked neither. The book was dark and depressing. This might have been the point, but I don't have to like it. I would have liked it more had there been a main character that was more of a hero or an individual in this society of clones. If it would have been more about Helmholtz's struggles or if John would have been less crazy, I think it would have been better for me.  Instead we are faced with the horror of drug addicted society members and the insanity of a savage that has a warped set of morals."
"Well, I got into this book through an Advanced Placement English class in high school.  I read George Orwell's 1984, and I absolutely loved it.  So for our final project, I thought I'd read BNW.  To tell you the truth, it was disappointing.  It was not nearly as long as 1984(I'm a good long book lover), and I didn't think it was quite as well....shall we say.....mapped out.  Certainly, a lot of thought went into it, but it is just simply too short.  However, it's a good book with some good points, and I would recommend it to anyone.  But if you want to read something even better, check out 1984.  It will really set your wheels turning, if you like to stay up late at night and just think."
"Hey y'all. First, I want to say that I totally think this book was about a really kewl subject...and all the ""metaphors"" to real life are amazing...But anyways. I think some aspects of this book could be better, such as explaining things better. Even after reading the book I still wasn't completely sure what decanting is...all I know is that it's like, the last part of the ""test tube baby"" thing...but I'm not sure what exactly.Although some things could have been done better, there were some parts that were really good. Huxley uses graphic words to describe what things and people look like, and they are very good descriptions."
"I started reading this book at 8:30 p.m. last night and found that I could not put it down or go to sleep until I finished.  If you decide to read this book the one thing that you must do is prepare to be open minded, because if you are not you will not enjoy it at all and will probably find it preverse and sickening.  As an English student we have discussed the novel in class and many of my classmates have also found it to be a very insightful novel, but there are a few people who read it with the typical closed mind set and did not learn a thing.  When Huxley wrote this novel he was only postulating at what the world could become, and based on some aspects of society today we may be working towards this end.  The novel will send chills down your spine if you are able to link the deified aspects of the new World Society to some of the things which our society deifies today.  When reading consider this: what really is hapiness and how does society push us to achieve it today?  Good luck and happy reading."
"1984 is very straight forward (though undeniably a masterpiece). It tells you what to think, and doesn't venture far from those ideas until the end. You hate Big Brother. It's that simple. In Brave New World, the line is blurred. While Orwell has created a government you love to hate, Huxley's totalitarian society is genuinely likeable. While their ideas are unorthodox by today's standards, these ideas manage to create a world without pain or suffering.This world is a place you would love to live in. Everyone is happy, industry runs like a finely tuned machine, and all of our world's discomforts have been eliminated. Yet, when we are introduced to Bernard Marx, Helmholtz Watson, and Johnny Savage, things change. It is difficult to know what to think or what Huxley is thinking until the book is over, and even then a very cryptic ending keeps us wondering. In this sense, the novel is superior to 1984.Also, Huxley has done a much better job of predicting the future (the book was written before 1984 and takes place roughly 580 years after that novel's time period). While some old science fiction clichés have yet to be replaced by the modern ones, that is to be expected.Despite these successes, the book has a variety of faults. First, there are places where it is obvious that Huxley was rushing through them simply to get on with things. The savage reservation, John's fish-out-of-water tale, and the concept of the ""islands"" all seem wasted and thin. The savage reservation is particularly troubling. There are plot holes here with John's mother, the descriptions are too brief, and the chapters don't have the same complexity of the rest of the novel. The ending has the same feeling. It seems tacked on, without substance, and doesn't really say anything meaningful. It is too short, doesn't really relate to the questions in the reader's mind, and makes us dislike the character it deals with (that's how I felt at least).Huxley just jumps around too much. The characters seem undeveloped because of this. There is an incredible amount of potential for greatness, but the book falls flat of attaining it. I loved this book, but only because I forgave it for many of its faults.Read this as a companion piece to 1984. They make up for each others' weaknesses."
I think this book was not very captavating.  It was very boring and put me to sleep every 5 minutes.  It's a good bed time book!
"Although this book was written in 1932, it is amazing how much of it is happening now. In the book, people worship the Ford god. Of course, Ford was one of the biggest, if not THE biggest and most important company back then. Cars were beginning to replace the horse-and-buggy way of traveling. Huxley obviously took note of this fact while writing this book, and it's AMAZING how it seamlessly fits in. The Year of Our Lord is The Year of Our Ford in Brave New World. Scary, huh? Babies are mass-produced and predestined as to what field they will work in--batch A will be doctors, batch B will be engineers, etc. There is a drug called Soma that reminds me a lot of the melange in Frank Herbert's Dune. As in most if not all utopian novels, people fornicate with whoever they want and think nothing of it. The writing style is certainly different from the norm. Not exactly Hemingway, but not exactly like those older authors who would spend ten pages describing a mountain range. In between but leaning towards Hemingway. One of the major characters of the story is a man known as the Savage. The first half of the book goes into detail about the society, while the second half focusing primarily on the Savage who is dragged out of his reservation and forced to cope with this Brave New World. The last line of this book was most shocking, but understandable, and is certainly one of the most memorable ending-lines in literature. Before reading it, my expectations weren't so high for this book, because I was under the impressions that any book written before 1980 would be boring. I was wrong. This is one of the very few books that EVERYBODY should read. IGNORE THIS BOOK AT YOUR OWN RISK."
"This amazing book about what may very well be our near future is one of my favorites.  It is a sad look into a future of a ""perfect"" society, where most people look beautiful, and no one ever has to worry about feeling depressed, or feeling anything for that matter.  Sex is a constant theme in this book.  And although it was tiresome after a while, I think that part had to be included in this book, because that is what our society focuses on most of the time.  The reader, however, begins to believe there is hope for this world yet, because there are two particular characters who seem to realize what a horrible mess the world is in.  The main character, though, Bernard, I do not believe is one of these characters who truly cares.  He only wants things to be different because he is different, not as attractive as everyone else, too short, not ""normal.""  He doesn't truly care about how horrible mankind has become, never feeling anything.  He only wants to be ""normal.""  His friend, however, and The Savage, whom the reader meets later in the book, truly do care, and don't like the way mankind has become.  Over all, this is a wonderfully sad yet hopeful book, and everyone should read it."
"I was assigned Brave New World in my AP English class, and I started off with a rather poor impression of the book from my teacher. However, as I read more and more, I realized it is a masterful prediction of what happens when people want to be efficient and happy as opposed to free. While I don't believe Huxley's prediction of a future world is accurate in all aspects, the resemblance to our modern society is becoming all too real. I was reminded somewhat of Fahrenheit 451, but Brave New World is a much better work than Fahrenheit 451. This book made me question my personal ideas of what true happiness is. The reader has to decide, based on the book, whether happiness is a personal standard or if happiness could be attained through careful control by a government. I definitely recommend this book for anyone to read."
"This novel looks into the future and creates a disturbing vision of social and genetic engineering creating a ""utopia."" The subtlty of this vision, however, is that people are conditioned to be happy with the empty lives they live. Any unhapiness is remedied by ""soma."" a drug which takes away all worries. A caste system is engineered and in the lower castes, all individuals are alike, indeed, through genetic engineering, dozens of identical siblings are routinely created. Stripped of all individuality, they are conditioned to be happy as cogs in the wheel. Romance is gone but, open sexuality is rampant and considered the norm. To abstain from promiscuous sex defies convention.Through a character named John, who is known as the savage and who comes from a separate civilization, we compare whether a life of individuality and purpose, but also with pain and unpleasant experiences, is better than the controlled life of hapiness. The ""brave new world"" is a society in which humankind is enslaved but, is happy with its servitude. Unlike Orwell's chilling ""1984"" in which the totalitarian state is held together by the frightening concept of Big Brother watching, this society needs little coercive controls. People are conditioned to to be happy with their roles in society. With some exceptions hinted at in the novel, most people are indeed happy through conditioning, open sex and ""soma holidays.""This novel is thought provoking, and as we see paternalistic (as opposed to coercive) big government assert it's role in our lives, parallels to the ""brave new world"" are certain to be drawn."
"I've been reading a book called Brave New World... the girl at the counter asked me if i was reading it for class or pleasure. I'm not in school right now, so obviously pleasure, it was highly recommended by an old friend from HS, but I never read it in class. I don't expect it would be something they would have in the curriculum for public schools in the first place. Drugs, sex, questioning of authority... this is not something every teenager can relate to, no Catcher in the Rye.There is a question it asks that bothered me (because I had to think about it, and among several) was ""Which world would I rather live in, the reservation or the brave new ""civilized"" world, where happiness is set above knowledge and truth. Would I rather be assigned a job classification, issued ""Soma"" and have to bear no worried or uncomfortable moments, and live in ignorant bliss? Or would I rather live in the real world, with real problems which I had to deal with, but complete freedom to do and be whatever I choose?Kindof like red pill, blue pill huh?"
"À primeira leitura, Admirável Mundo Novo parece ser apenas uma pessimista e bem articulada visão do futuro - em que cada ser humano é como uma máquina, com uma função social programada e determinada no código genético, a verdadeira garantia de uma sociedade estável. Entretanto, o livro de Aldous Huxley vai muito além. Apresentando uma sociedade em que as condutas e os valores são totalmente distintos daqueles que conhecemos e adotamos, podemos notar como são meras convenções e arbitrariedades. Os conceitos de família e amor são ultrajantes, quase impensáveis, naquele mundo fictício. Ser fiel é considerado imoral. Percebemos ao longo da trama como os valores que tanto defendemos podem ser voláteis e arbitrários, apenas frutos de um determinado contexto histórico ou de uma cultura. Este livro, além de oferecer ao leitor um magnífico e minucioso retrato de um futuro assustador, dá, nas entrelinhas, sutis alfinetadas nas nossas convicções e valores, mostrando como são frágeis. Enfim, uma verdadeira obra-prima!"
"In the future world, social stability is the first priority. People are ""produced"" with genetic engineerings, and there are no mothers. Different chastes are produced, with different missions and status. In fact, people are enslaved, but thanks to hypnopedia and induction, they are all happy. Everybody uses ""soma"", a happiness drug. Sexual liberty is complete, with no prejudice or inhibitions, and the superior chastes are really beautiful. There is much variety of entertainment for the free time, but no opportunity for independent thought. Loneliness is forbidden. Bernard Marx is a strange guy who goes to a reservation for indians in New Mexico. There, they find a woman from the ""normal"" world and her son, both of them had got lost and become savages. The child turns out to be the son of the Director of Incubation and Conditioning, who loses his job for the crime of having a son. Marx takes the savage and his mother to London and then...In 1932, when this book first appeared, it must have sounded like science fiction. Today, it is not. It is simply our society taken to extremes. For good and for bad, we are closer and closer to Huxley's vision. Although my view of the future is not that pessimistic, I think our present society resembles Huxley's in more than one feature: 1) we still can't ""produce"" people, but genetic engineerings is taking us closer; 2) many people are born in ""chastes"", where social mobility is practically impossible (if you're born an aborigin in Mozambique, your chances of dying in your suburban hometown are almost zero, and viceversa); 3) many people are enslaved and happy to be so (including people in nice offices); 4)sexual liberty is complete in many places; 5)never in history had there been so many time and choices for entertainment, and it can hardly be argued that they stimulate independent thought; 6)the ""indians"" of the world are confined in reservations (possibly their own countries) while the borders of the developed world are almost closed for them; 7)and, instead of ""soma"", we have ecstasy and prozac.This is not an opinion; just a comparison, and a worrying one. I am pro free markets and pro technology, but I am also convinced that these have their problems, and we should acknowledge them and think and act about them. Read this book and you'll think of suburban United States. I promise."
"I read this book freshman year, a year early (according to school standards) because a guy in my math class was telling me about this world where everyone is brainwashed, sex is encouraged at the age of four years old, your fate is determined at birth, and there is a STRICT class system. As i heard him describe this book, i wanted to read it, and i borrowed it and read it in one night. its that good. it makes u think about how we raise our own children, and how we treat the native americans. although the end is kinda strange, it fits the book. i would like to rewrite it, cause i like books to work out how I want them to work out. I really liked this book. the story is good, even if you don't get all the satire and symbolism. :) which i didn't get the time i read it for fun. in this book, the story and history that the characters have lived through is amazing. i recommend this book to anyone with an open mind. try to find someone around u to read it too, its fun to discuss. :) happy reading!"
"I enjoyed reading Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley. This book is an eerie look at things to come. A reason that I personally enjoyed this book is that it is very interesting. The reason for this is the novel is not very far from fiction. In this day in age with the onset of cloning, perhaps all the issues discussed in this book may, eventually, become reality.  This book eludes to the dangers of a standardized human that is controlled entirely by government, like ""big brother"". From reading this book there is one phrase that is shown to be Ironic. This phrase is the motto of the ""world state"". The motto is one of the first things read; it is "" COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, STABILITY"". The irony Is that people don't really have their own identities. What the phrase means is that shun everyone not in your community, play the identity you were assigned at birth (Alpha, Beta etc.) and keep the ""cog in the wheel"" society stable. I also enjoyed this book due to the way the some of the chapters were set up. I like they way the author split up some of the chapters into parts. These parts show what is happening in a different place at the same time. In conclusion I would recommend this book to anyone that likes science fiction, or any type of science. This book is a classic. Perhaps it will be looked back upon as a manual for a new society."
Huxley was right on about some of his ideas of the future. Embryo farms where humans are bred like Catfish;subliminal advertising;in vitro fertilization.Thank Ford that some of his thoughts have not materialized and  art and religion are still accepted by todays society.Huxley is more philosopher than novelist and his visoions are brilliant.No wonder his paranoia with the threat of Facism and Communism beginning to assert itself in Europe and the Great Depression casting doubts on the succcess of free enterprise.
"I think it's exiting to read a book from 1932, because it shows the fears of that time. Although the beginning is very difficult to read, it is enjoyable. Only people who dislike novells about a bad future shouldn't take care of it."
"Brave New World is a classic, a must have for heads and scifi fans."
"Brave New World is a phrase taken from Shakespeare's Tempest:  Brave New World O, wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't!) It depicts a dystopia (the was word coined in 1950s, two decades after the book was pulished -- meaning a place directly opposite of Utopia). Huxley paints a bleak, dark place, situated in remote future, where humanity has chosen the wrong course for its progeny.Brave New World surprised me by both by its brilliance and -- in some areas -- its shortcomings. For example, in this book, published in 1932, reproduction is carried out through in vitro fertilization. This process also employs another technique, called a rather tongue-twisting bokanovskification, whereby one zygote is treated to churn out up 96 clones (How eerily prescient, taking into account that the first mammalian clone, the famous sheep Dolly, was created not before 1997. Current record of producing most clones from a single cell is still a paltry 9 mice). Some scenes in the book even remind one of the rows upon rows of test-tubes humans in the recent movie The Matrix. This process of reproduction was so fantastic that the great science fiction writer Isac Asimov could not visualize it even in 1957! While writing his scifi classic ""The Naked Sun"", he depicts a colonized planet Solaria, where humans had become so reclusive that the presence of any other person in their close vicinity is absolutely abhorrent -- they meet each other through a 3D holographic device. But however nauseating the presence of any other human being near them, even those hermits produce babies in the good old fashion of us mortals! I'm sure Isac Asimov didn't read Brave New World, did he?But on the other hand, the characterization of Huxley leaves much to be desired. All characters are one-dimensional and stiff. Lenina (the heroine), Bernard, Linda, the director and others are as life-like as street-shop mannequins. And I found the character of the Savage - champion of the cause of freewill and old-fashioned humanity -- the most unbelievable. I fail to comprehend how a person who lived all his life in an almost pre-historic environment and who never read any book in his life except the works of Shakespeare (how did he manage to understand him is another matter!) can be so erudite and so thoughtful as to engage in philosophical discussions on history, psychology and human behavior? I think this is a big flaw that mars an otherwise brilliant book.It would be worthwhile here take into account another great 20th century dystopia ""1984"" by George Orwell. Although it's hard to compare these two novels but in my opinion 1984 is much more terrifying and Orwell's future world is much grimmer than Huxley's. And his characters, too, are more believable."
"Reading any book for the sake of school can be a tedious and somewhat irrating task, however reading 'Brave New World' has made me change my tune. For the first time since 'To Kill a Mockingbird', I feel that I have read something with some merit, some worth, and a very obvious and startling lesson to teach.Whilst some believe that 'Brave New World' argues against the nightmarish anti-utopia ( or utopia depending on your perspective) presented in the book, I would infact argue that Huxley's intention was to hint at the benefits of a society positioned somewhere into between the blissfully ignorant stable environment of the Brave New World and complete individualism and creativity. After all, there are very obvious benefits in the new society; a lack of disease, an abudence of blissfully ignorant happiness, and more important a lack of suffering. Do we need suffering to achieve contentment? The book presents the idea that perhaps we do, though it gives no answers for any of the many questions it raises to the reader.The environment presented by the author is quite the paradox. You either face annihilation should you choose to ignore the strict codes of conformity, however the other option could be worse, a world without worth, emotions, a world which falls at the knees to science, though ironically sees the danger in science. The island, lying somewhere between the spectrum sounds brillant.The book has fault, but is intensly scary and thought-provoking."
"The year is 632 A.F. (""after Ford""), and babies are no longer born. No one has a mother or father. In fact, those terms are now considered ""dirty"" words and are no longer used. Instead, everyone begins life as a test-tube baby, genetically and environmentally conditioned to fit into their own predestined social caste - Alpha (the highest caste, composed of society's most intelligent members), Beta, Delta, Gamma, or Epsilon (the lowest caste, composed of mindless semi-moron clone laborers). Godlike status has been conferred upon Henry Ford, and mass production is taken to frightening extremes. The world is considered stable, and everyone is happy. Working hours are light (and people are pre-conditioned to enjoy their work anyway), entertainment options abound, and promiscuity is encouraged. Taking the place of church services are weekly orgies. Happiness is the ultimate goal of existence, and if anyone should ever feel the slightest hint of depression, they are conditioned to turn immediately to the hallucinogenic drug called ""soma"" for immediate relief.However, among the ranks of the intellectual Alphas, there remain a few who question the desirability of this synthetic world. One such man is Bernard Marx (interestingly, most of the names in this novel are adapted from those of historical political figures and theorists - Lenina Crowne, Polly Trotsky, Benito Hoover, Sarojini Engels, Herbert Bakunin, Helmoltz Watson, etc.). A few places in the world that are not considered worth modernizing are set aside as ""savage reservations"" which are now the only places where people still live in a ""pre-Fordian"" way. Marx takes a vacation to one of these reservations, and ends up bringing a savage back home with him. This, of course, sets the stage for all sorts of challenges to the society's values.Perhaps I was expecting too much, based on all I'd previously heard about the book, or perhaps I would have been more struck by it if I hadn't already read ""1984"" by George Orwell, but Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" came as a bit of a disappointment to me. It's definitely worth reading once, especially for fans of dystopian literature, but unlike ""1984"" it's not one I'm likely to return to for a second helping anytime soon. The ideas Huxley puts forth are valuable, but the delivery leaves room for improvement. The story just doesn't hang together quite tightly enough to pack a full-blown punch.The first couple of chapters are very interesting and seem promising, but after that it felt like the story deteriorated somewhat. As I said before, I do admire the points Huxley makes, but the book was not very compelling as a whole. Much of it takes the form of satire, which is fine, and even amusing, but then there are numerous points at which the plot goes far overboard and borders on the ridiculous. When this happens, the story ceases to be believable, compromising the strength of Huxley's messages. One of the things that makes Orwell's ""1984"" so terrifying and thought-provoking is that, though it is futuristic fiction, it is so detailed and serious that is actually seems plausible. Books like this need to be both plausible and scary for them to have an impact. If the reader doesn't get the feeling that such a world just might actually come into being, and that it is not a place they want to live, then it's hard to take the message seriously.My overall verdict, therefore, is that you should read ""Brave New World"" once, but, unless you're a real dystopia buff, I'd recommend checking it out of the library or borrowing a copy from someone else rather than purchasing it. It's a valuable piece for the ideas is proposes, and it's a quick and easy read, but it is not the most effective book of its type. The fact that it was written so long ago (1932) also means that it does not take into account any historical events that have happened since then, and perhaps this is another reason why it seems a little less realistic. I do not regret reading it, as having done so adds to one's literary and philosophical repertoire, but I much more highly recommend George Orwell's ""1984"" (written in 1948), which is both thoroughly engaging and highly thought-provoking."
"Good book! I could not get enough of it! I normally do not like science fiction type novels, but I really enjoyed this one. It was so different from society back when Huxley wrote Brave New World, and still different now. In a good way. This is one of the few futuristic novels I've read that didn't mention a year, and therefore, I believe that this book will always be futursitic. It is truly fascinating to see what Aldous Huxley's creation and view of what society could come to if it weren't for science, religion, and distinct social classes. I must admit that the ending was not as much of a treasure as the rest of the book, but still a good book all in all. Read it!"
"A Brave New World gives the reader a new perspective on humanity.  What I think is a concurrent theme in this book is one of knowledge and stability.  It seems that although freedom is much more desireable to people, it is also unstable and allows for no basic law to encompass all boudries within society.  People in this book dont' want to think for themselves, they want to be told what to do, because they can never be sure what they do is what they should do.  I like this book because of its challenging ideas."
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a story about a futuristic society where people's every move is ultimately controlled through brainwashing as infants and children. People are grown in tubes and conditioned to live life a certain way and by a strict hierarchy. This hierarchy is made up of five classes, the highest being Alpha, followed by Betas, Deltas, Gammas, and finally Epsilons. This conditioning makes people live the ""happiest"" they can by using the least amount of reason possible, other than to perform the necessary tasks involved with sustaining the world, but when any sort of mood penetrates this veneer of  euphoria, the drug soma is available to wash away the uneasiness. However, there are people who are not able to conform into the neat little automatons that the society wants everyone to be-these radicals make up the main characters. Bernard Marx, mocked and ridiculed for his small stature because everyone who is an Alpha is grown to be big, strong, and good looking, is the first of the main characters we meet. Because of his being an outcast, Bernard starts to think differently than the people around him, something looked down upon by the standards of the ""brave new world."" The next main character that is introduced to the reader is Bernard's best friend Helmholtz Watson, the physical antithesis of Bernard, and everything their society wants in someone, except he wants to be a writer, and write about his feelings and emotions, things people are not allowed to express, or even feel. This makes Helmholtz ultimately unhappy, because he can't find a way to express himself through the writing content allowed by the society. Finally, there is John, ""The Savage,"" who Bernard finds on a reservation for Indians in New Mexico. John is the son of a Beta woman who was lost and forgotten about on the reservation years ago. Now, child birth is something that disgusts most ""civilized"" people in this future world, as most are grown, and not birthed. So, a person born to a civilized woman is of great interest and John is allowed to go back to London with Bernard to become immersed in the ""brave new world."" John quickly becomes disgusted with this civilized world, and rebels by taking soma rations away from a group of Gamma workers and throwing them out of a window, demanding they strive for liberty, rather than servitude. The Gamma workers become appalled by John's actions and begin to fight him for the rations. Helmholtz dives into the fray to help John, and along with Bernard, they are arrested. All three are brought before the resident Controller, the person who basically controls the life of the citizens, Mustapha Mond. A discussion erupts between the prisoners and the controller. Huxley uses the individually intelligent dialogue that these rebels have as compared to the other citizens in the novel to show the extremes on both sides of the argument. They discuss art, and why it cannot exist, religion, and how it has changed, and philosophy, and why it is only true to the individual, something the new world has tried to eradicate. In the end neither side persuades the reader because the arguments on both sides are too extreme. I found a lot to connect with this novel about, as it shines light onto today's faults by showing the opposite, the world's foil. We accept our upbringing and continue with it through our children because that's the way we've been taught; why shouldn't they be? Present day art, poetry, and literature are all ultimately controlled, not to the extent as in Brave New World, but that is the point of the book: to show us what we look like in the extreme. The character I felt I could most relate to was John. He is someone who can somehow see the world through a different set of eyes than others do.  His choices were ""insanity or lunacy,"" wrote Huxley in the Foreword.  This seems to be the only choice the world gives a lot of people. We can either work a job we hate or live on the street. I really loved the book, and thought it was a great example of the effect society has on an individual. So much emphasis is put on preserving the social order we forget what it is like to have the right to be truly free. Though, the book poses interesting questions like, we strive to live without society, but is it really possible? And, do we all want order on some level? This book provides many questions, but none of the answers, which to me makes the book great because it allows the reader to think independently, and not be influenced by the writer. Brave New World lets a person really question his or her place in life without being antagonistic, making it easier to understand Huxley's point of view. My recommendation would be to read the book as many times as you would like, because it may offer insight you may not have seen the first, or second time you read it. Anyone who enjoys questioning life, and questioning society, should read this novel. Brave New World should be an important part of everyone's library."
"I'm not particularly interested in the question of this book's place as a work of literary genius.  It may be an indispensable part of the Western canon.  It may be predictable and its characters flat.  I think both arguments can be made convincingly.Both positions miss the point of the book, though.  Huxley wasn't unskilled as an author, but he never wrote expressly to produce a great piece of literature.  His writing was purposeful and prophetic, intended to communicate a warning.  Huxley would likely prefer a reader who denigrates his literary skill while grasping his point than one who blindly lauds him.What, then, is the point?  Huxley paints a portrait of a not too distant world where the life has gained in comfort but lost all of its flavor.  There remains no passion, no true excitement (only its physiological equivalent), no opportunities for sacrifice and love.  All of these have been sacrificed on the altar of stability and contentment.All goes well until a few outsiders (Bernard, Helholtz, and John)who don't quite fit the mold of this society are introduced.  The tension gradually builds to the climactic confrontation between John's worldview as an outsider and the ideology of the World State.  Huxley leaves this final debate open, requiring that we examine our own assumptions.The clear implication of Brave New World is that our society contains the seeds of a future world like the one Huxley describes.  The dangerous trends that he identified in the 1920s continue to dominate the societies of the world's industrialized nations:  overconsumption, hypersexuality, self-medication, the pursuit of ever greater creature comforts, the decline of ethics and of poetry, the promotion of leisure for its own sake, and the possibility of genetic engineering controlled by a narrow elite.The greatest testament to Aldous Huxley would be if we each left his book determined to reevaluate our culture's often dangerous values.  Brave New World demands a change in the way we think of ourselves and in the way we live our lives.  Anything short of that response shows our failure to get the point."
"""Begin at the beginning...""Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, was published in 1932. Brave New World the genre of this book is futuristic and well a lot of science! I really mean it!The beginning of the book starts in the so-called ""Hatchery"". With that Mr. Foster explains all about the ""Hatchery"" and what it does, and how they raise the embryos. He tells the students what are the roles of these so-called ""humans"", for when they grow up they will be only living for one and only one purpose...The types of these ""humans"" are Alpha, Beta, Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons. Alpha people wear gray, they're most likely the smartest out of all the types, and they also work very hard too! Unlike Beta because they dislike working and are the medium class, well for education... Gammas you can say are just like us! Ordinary, well yet the only thing is they're kind of like Leprechauns because they always wear green! I don't really know anything about the Deltas... Last one is the Epsilons! They are the stupidest of the five types (It's kind of funny).Well I think the message is like that you should always stick to your goal! Never let anything come between you and your destiny. As you see the ""humans"" keep themselves always busy! They have no time for the social crisis of normal life like, they don't care for alcohol, drugs, family, friends, anything!Myself, I think anyone that can read this novel really should! This novel is like the best thing in the world it teaches love, aspiration, and honor comes with high costs. I really recommend this book to anyone! Myself... a four out of a five."
"While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature, the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes. Thus, it doesn't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say, Michael Crichton or Stephen King. Aesthetic standards can't be grounded.Thus, don't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between ""serious"" works of literature like this one and allegedly ""lesser"" novels. The distinction is entirely illusory, because no novels are ""better"" than any others, and the concept of a ""great novel"" is an intellectual hoax.I prefer books with red covers. You may say the color of the book's cover has nothing to do with it being good, but who are you to dictate what criteria I use to evaluate books. This book does NOT have a red cover, so in the trash it goes."
"I could not entirely relate to the book, and would not call it one of the greatest works of English Literature, as some have coined it.Nevertheless here are some thoughts. It does not have the same nightmarish quality of social warning of George Orwell's 1984, and seems in some ways a mixture between the latter and the lighter more satirical Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy.Some have compared the world drawn by Huxley in this book, to the `hedonistic consumerist culture of the West' but of course the totalitarian thought control rather reminds us of some other system that many have believed in and some still believe in, although in Huxley's world there is a lot less pain and bloodshed than there is when the world has had certain Utopian ideologies forced upon it!Unlike the world drawn by Huxley here, there is no soma, or pleasure to draw one away from the bloody hellish nightmare of Communism.Note the names chosen for the citizens of Huxley's Utopia/Distopia such as Lenina Crowne, Bernhard Marx and Polly Trotsky.Note also the compulsory study in `Class Consciousness', and of course a type of thought control, which resembles today's political correctness.The taboo on the words `mother' and `father' bring to mind the fact that in some schools in Ireland and the UK, children are forbidden from using those words, as part of the war by the politically correct left against the institution of the family.Then the savage, John, who go's to the other extreme, away from the life only for pleasure, extols suffering and sainthood. His vicious attack on the young girl Lenina, for doing only what she knows, is disturbing. Lenina is of course not a [prostitute] or a strumpet, but simply responding in the way she has been conditioned to his declarations of love.The sad thing is that it is Lenina, who at the end seems to show genuine love, in a society where it is taboo.Only to be again mauled by John."
"I acknowledge that Huxley had vision,creativity,and a very deep intuition on a philosophical and the sociological thought process.  Yet the book never truly says more than what you are already expecting.  Before I even picked this book up to read it, I had a good idea of what he was steering towards.  And I must say I hit the nail on the head.  A Utopian state where everyone is engeneered, the Christian views of the world or in the brave new world are non-existent and erudition is perverse.  The real depth and deep thought never truly surfaces.  Even Huxley himself expressed litary error and dissapointment after it was published.  Brave New World is not a horrible book, it does bring out some good points, but it is not what people say it is.  This book is clearly overated and interestingly enough it holds a lot of qualities which advocate christendom.  So in closing, if you want philosophy then read philosophy, not a peice of supposed fiction which on telling someone you have read it will mean you are well read."
"I really enjoyed this futuristic story about the advance (was it really an advance?) of the human race.  The book shows what life looks life when humankind's sole purpose is hapiness.  Meaningful relationships are non-existent, families are an anathema, discrimination is encouraged and most of the human population is doped up on drugs.  Today, about seventy years after the writing of the book, it is scary how much our culture has gravitated toward Huxley's picture of 'A Brave New World'.  At the end of the book, the contoller who is in control of the 'new world' basically says this about religion, ""I think there is a God, but it is best to cover him up and keep people from being involved with Him.""  I think this is an underlying faulty assumption of our culture that leads to many of society's problems today.On a lighter note, in the beginning of the book Huxley describes an advanced, super-civilized world and they are so advanced that they have huge cabinets of file cards keeping track of all their information (sarcasm on my part).  I found it very amusing that in the thirties, our culture had not even dreamed of computers yet.  It makes me wonder what is going to be in the future that we cannot even dream of?The book is a great, interesting, sobering story.  There is a ton of philosophy (especially toward the end), but the storyline is easy to follow and fascinating.  I wish someone would make a movie."
"In ""Brave New World,"" Aldous Huxley illustrates his vision of the future in which rapid advances in science and technology lead to increasing public confusion, which causes governments to impose more and more control until they become entirely totalitarian.  As society becomes more industrialized, products become more homogeneous and standardized, art and expression become less important, and personal individuality is gradually lost.  In such a world, a government would attempt to keep its population as happy and content as possible by ""conditioning"" the people from birth to accept and love their assigned work and their respective places in society.  Such people would need to be deprived of emotional stimulation so as not to get any subversive ideas, so artistic expression would have to be curtailed.  (There is no need for art in a society of people who are always happy and content.)  The perpetuation of civilization and society would have to be more important than the value of the individual.The novel's main action is in London in the year A.F. 632 (it doesn't take long to figure out what A.F. stands for).  Human reproduction and gestation is handled in laboratories where bottled embryos are separated into caste systems, from Alpha (the highest) to Epsilon (the lowest).  All embryos are conditioned for certain jobs; Alphas are conditioned to be the most intelligent and receive the most education, while Epsilons are reserved for the most menial jobs.  The different castes are segregated and identified by the color of the clothes they wear.  To keep everybody happy and ensure civil obedience, a depression-fighting drug called ""soma"" is officially distributed.  There is no art for art's sake; the only music that exists is always synthetic and is purely functional, as are the ""feelies,"" movies with tactile and aromatic as well as visual and aural signals.A keen point of interest is the book's reference to Henry Ford.  Ford, one of the great industrialists, is a symbol of the semination of the industrialized society of the Brave New World, a sort of patron saint of the assembly line and mass production.  The fact that ""Ford"" rhymes with ""Lord"" provides the novel with its prevalent running joke.  Huxley seems to have had the same kind of sarcastic or facetious respect for Ford that many people today have for Bill Gates.While the beginning of the novel serves to describe the Society and introduce a few main characters, the novel's conflict arises when a ""Savage"" named John, who was born and raised outside of the industrialized world in a New Mexico Indian reservation, is brought to London as a subject for study.  From reading Shakespeare as a youth, John has acquired compassion, sensitivity, and artistic and religious aesthetic (Huxley almost seems to imply that Shakespeare is a sort of gateway to a higher consciousness), and is horrified by the lack of emotion and morality of the inhabitants of the Brave New World.  John makes a conscious decision to foresake the synthetic happiness of the Brave New World and return to living freely and naturally, but he finds that he cannot escape public scrutiny so easily.Huxley's writing has an almost cinematic quality; he is like a cutting-edge film director who edits scenes and shifts focus between various characters quickly for maximum dramatic effect.  Even his images of large mechanical systems are poetic and, from an engineering standpoint, accurately detailed.  To me, that's the icing on the cake for this richly conceived treatise on a nightmarish utopia."
"Brave New World, was a book about a perfect utopian society world. Where everyone is related to everyone else and there is no violence, hatred, lethal diseases except a few which haven't been able to be destroyed yet. Everyone in society is organized into a caste system, Alphas, Betas, Deltas, Gammas and Epislons. Alphas are the higer class working at the best and highest paying jobs. While, the Epislons are the lowest class and they work jobs like janitors, garbage men etc. Each caste also wears a specific color that is associated with them. I believe Alphas and Betas wore gray and Deltas and Epislons wore khaki colored clothes. The book focuses on the combined stories of four characters. Bernard Shaw, the hero of the story who does not belive what this world is doing and he demands to change it. Henry Foster, the sterotypical corporate worker who does everything he is told no matter what. Lenina Crowe who is the whore of the work place she has slept with about every guy and she one day takes an interest in Bernard. John, the outcast, the savage who is brought into their world by Bernard and Lenina when they visit his reservation. Huxley parallels the savages to our own society and he shows how greatly science can affect things. In one part, Lenina sees old people and she blushes at the sight because its not a part of their world. Because everybody is engineered and the nutrients in their body are replaced every few months and their metabolism is stimulated so they are always in good health and will never grow old. Or when Lenina sees trash laying about, dead bodys etc. In her world everyhing is kept sparkling clean not a trace of liter anywhere. Everything is kept in perfect order so the people in her world will never have to worry about anything. IF they want something all they have to do is push a button and it will be give to them. The American Dream! This book is chock full of information and satire of our society. In one chapter of the book, the whole chapter consists of snippets of dialogue and its very hard to follow whats going and who is saying what. Also, in the beginning of the book when the director is describing how decanting works, and how the embryos are cared for. It gets very overwhelming and you will find yourself lost if you dont take it slow and easy. In order to understand it you must focus on what you read at all times otherwise you will find yourself lost. Do not read it in public places if you do you will be totally lost!  I would recommend this book for anyone who like science or books that poke fun at our society. I personally love these kinds of books but if you don't like lots of science information tossed at you at once then this book is not for you."
"In a soulless future world, genetic engineering programmes people from birth for their status in society, and removes all aggressive or unproductive instincts. Individuality, creativity and personality are sacrificed in the causes of material prosperity, good health and freedom from anxiety. Only a small group of ""savages"" - people like us - survives, in a community in New Mexico, and one of them escapes and is brought into the ""real world"", with tragic results. As in all his novels, Huxley tells his tale soberly and without comment: the flatness of his prose brilliantly intensifies the horror of what he is saying. Nothing truly terrible happens - and that is the most terrifying thing of all."
"The most thought-provoking utopian/dystopia I've ever read. Better than ""1984"" and ""Erewhon"" put together and served with soma.Peter Kreeft, an amazing writer and literary scholar, listed Brave New World as one of the SIX books of the 20th Century that he would make everyone read if he were God. In my opinion, that's a bit extreme, but I can almost agree. BNW is the most sobering (and clearest) fictional picture we have of the possibilities inherent in viewing mankind in strictly utilitarian terms. In the nearly seventy years since BNW's first printing, our world has made great strides in the science of biological engineering, oftentimes very overall beneficial strides. It is just such ""advancement"" however, which makes Brave New World all the more poignant a read in the year 2000 and beyond. May we ""use"" it to dispel any cherished myths we may have about social salvation through technological expertise. It could just as easily have been called Grave New World!"
"I came upon this book for two reasons: I had heard about it quite often from various sources, and I have always been interested in books that dealt with how society could go wrong, namely dystopic novels. Huxley's masterpiece proved to be enjoyable and extrememly thought-provoking. His predictions about the prominence of science in society is eeirly similar to the present day.This novel contains many truths that were in Plato's Republic: eugenics, separate classes which performed certain tasks, children raised communally, the destruction of the family, etc. And, as in the Republic, this society appeared great in theory, but in reality it was vapid and lacked meaning. All the citizens are slaves to their conditioning, and only when an 'uncivilized' person enters their society can the reader truly comprehend the horrors of this Brave New World. For those who enjoy novels that make you think about society and the future, this novel is for you. Often compared to Orwell's 1984, it is actually quite different, yet has similar themes. Enjoyable and thought-provoking."
"With the advent of cloning, the Human Genome Project, and people working at making ""designer babies"" this book is (unfortunately) very relavant today.  And even if science does not allow us to do quite what Huxley suggests, there is more to what he is saying.It is useful to consider the two types of dytopias that Huxley and George Orwell predicts.  The latter is one of totalitarianism, like a Soviet state, or a dictatorship.  Huxley predicts a society where everyone is lulled into believing they are ahppy, that they do not realize that they are being manipulated, directed, guided and herded like sheep.  All the while they are happy, accepting it.Many argue that technology like television, the Internet, and many others are doing this today.  WE live under a subtle form of totalitarianism than Orwell predicted in 1984.  This is worth thinking about, reflecting on as we read this timeless book."
"Of all the great Dystopian novels of the 20th century (others being Orwell's 1984, Zamyatin's We, Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 for example), this may be the most accurate, if not the greatest. Huxley describes a world based totally on material values, shamelessly hedonistic but also totalitarian in demanding total submission to its ethic. Such a place brain-washes its children and gives its adults large doses of drugs to maintain stability. Into this world, there comes the Savage, who has lived on an Indian reservation all his life. We see the horror of this world through his eyes. Rather improbably (but Huxley makes it seem natural) the Savage knows all of Shakespeare by heart, but the rawness and lyricism of the poetry makes a wonderful counterpoint to the cosiness and mediocrity of the Brave New World, where all pain and ugliness have been banished. A typical episode in the Brave New World is a 'religious' service, with Henry Ford as 'God', which ends in an orgy of sexual release. The Savage falls in love (as opposed to lust, which is the only intimate emotion allowed between men and women), tries to escape, but is ultimately destroyed. Like 1984, Huxley may have made his Dystopia too bleak - apparently there are islands to which dissenters are exiled, and it may be that on these islands, people have managed to combine the materialism of the Brave New World and the primitive spititualism of the Savage. We never find out. However, no one can escape being struck by the similarity of the Brave New World to own - Prozac, daytime TV, dumbing down, test-tube babies all have parallels in Huxley's creation. Read one of the century's great classics."
This is a very different book about the future but also a little realistic.  If people aren't careful our lives could end up like this.  People become more of like a science project than humans living theough there daily lives without much thought or emmotion except how they can make more money and do things quicker.  This was an excellent book overall.
How insightful into the world we have largely become - a society reliant on pharmaceuticals to survive and a society who flippantly treats human intimacy.  Excellent book.
"This book contains so much of what I dislike in would-be literature. It's awash in generalities, blatantly didactic, guided by facile thought, caked with corny wordplay, and it displays no serious appreciation for language.  It's not even an entertaining read.When it comes to characterization, Huxley is like a cataractous portrait artist who paints with a mop and roller. The inhabitants of the ""Brave New World"" are daubed with such broad, dull strokes that they are essentially mannequins modeling ideas rather than clothes. No character exhibits more than a single character trait, and that trait is always a contrivance. ""But this goes hand-in-hand with Huxley's message,"" you say. ""He's trying to make a point.""  Ugh! Perhaps, but...Like all dime-store artists and intellectuals, Huxley goes for the generic and general over the specific and particular.  Huxley's sweeping generalizations capture none of the magic that makes each individual's experience so unique, complex, and interesting; rather, they reduce human experiences to miniscule variations on simplistic, generic, and monotonous themes.  As William Blake emphatically declared, ""To Generalize is to be an Idiot"" --- this epithet fits Huxley to a ""T"".But, of course, Huxley's muse traffics in pedantry, not poetry.  And, without belaboring the point, Huxley's socio-political broodings are uniformly and embarrassingly obtuse; and, his prognostications  are no more prophetic than those contained in any horoscope.  Regardless, I don't care for socio-political theorizing in storybook form --- it is both intellectually and artistically lame.Another warning: Huxley's penchant for linguistic costume jewelry will cause ardent lovers of language to wince repeatedly.  Here is just one of Huxley's extended witlesscisms: ""while our Ford was still on earth"", ""cleanliness is next to fordliness"", ""Oh, for Ford's sake"". God, Lord, Ford (as in Henry) --- Get it!  Get it!  God help you if you're amused.""Brave New World"" is so asinine and inartistic that it almost works as a parody of didactic literature.  ""Brave New World Revisited"" shows that Huxley was not kidding, though.  That Huxley was serious about his sophomoric ideas and silly writing provides some unintended and tangential humor, but only very little.  Somewhat funnier is the fact that this book winds up in many literary ""lists"" and ""canons"", which are themselves ridiculous, middlebrow gewgaws with slight and unintentional comic value.  Final word: ""Brave New World"" is intellectually dull, artistically worthless, and more than a little kooky.Highly recommended to those who vehemently disagree with me.  Everyone else can safely skip it."
"Aldous Huxley's genius is fully revealed in this wicked satire, which in addition has become an uncannily accurate look at trends in the technology and society of our own time.  There are so many points in this book where  you are ready to laugh and shudder at the same time.  While there are many  frivolous puns and jokes scattered throughout, not to mention ridiculously  overblown character interactions, the message is ultimately quite serious.  We are still prostrating ourselves at the feet of corporations which claim  to be advancing the cause of science, being ""connected"" and  ""happy"" is now more important than anything, and journalistic  ethics have indeed evaporated.  This novel is in some ways the best  portrait of the 1990s yet written--our own contemporary writers, for the  most part, are too inhibited or ignorant to say what's really going on."
"Want to point out a misconception embedded in the review written below. The message of this classic is exactly what the reviewer thinks it is NOT saying. Huxley's point is that the way of life of the ""Brave New  World"" doesn't work, doesn't accord with human dignity or a general  ethic that values individuality, doesn't work with a natural human life (as  represented by the Native American hero). In the book, he wrestles with how  to solve that problem without consigning people to poverty ridden,  miserable existences. The worry that society was heedlessly and without  forethought turning into the sort of society portrayed was exactly Huxley's  worry. This book, used properly is a valuable aid to teaching a number  of subjects. As a medical ethicist, I often use it to get college students  to see what the moral dilemmas surrounding reproductive and genetic  technologies are. I've also seen it used in courses about technology and  society. As a piece of writing, it should be clear that this can be used  more generally as an example of clear prose, a critique of  socialism/totalitarianism/communism, or a political commentary on what a  good human life is and ought to be.I'm very concerned that this error is  being made in the course of an honors English class (regardless of whether  the error was made by student, teacher, or both). The student who wrote the  review should find out somehow - through a teacher or other resource - what  the book is actually about.It's an enjoyable and thought-provoking read."
"I first read this book in my high school junior English class and couldn't put it down. I just had to keep reading to find out what happened. I have read it two times since then and finally broke down and bought it. The book  is about a controlled society hundreds of years in the future and one man,  Bernard, who feels something is missing from his life. The first chapter is  a bit confusing in parts but it picks up after that. I don't know how  anyone could find this book boring, I found it fascinating."
"Although the book has some interesting ideas in it (like bokanovskification process and conditioning) after the first few chapters it becomes a repetition of the beginning chapters. Some reviewers think it  wrong, even foolish to compare it with 1984 but since they are in the same  genre (they are both anti-utopias), we can make a comparison between them.  And when I do that, I find Brave New World weak and shallow. When I first  read 1984 a few years ago, it arrested me so much that when I finished  reading in the middle of a night I felt a chill. It affected me so much.  But at the end of Brave New World I said ""Is this the end?"" Also  I read Huxley's ""Island"" 5 or 6 years ago and I simply hated it.  I don't understand his obsession with drugs. In Island, there was  ""Moksha medicine"" which the author approves and in Brave New  World there is ""Soma"" which I am not sure if he approves or not.  Also the book doesn't give us an insight into the whole structure of the  society, it mostly dwells on matters like sex and the discouragement of  individuality. But I still recommend the book as an anti-utopia. Lovers of  science fiction should also read ""1984"" and ""A Canticle For  Leibowitz""."
"Although the book has some interesting ideas in it (like bokanovskification process and conditioning) after the first few chapters it becomes a repetition of the beginning chapters. Some reviewers think it  wrong, even foolish to compare it with 1984 but since they are in the same  genre (they are both anti-utopias), we can make a comparison between them.  And when I do that, I find Brave New World weak and shallow. When I first  read 1984 a few years ago, it arrested me so much that when I finished  reading in the middle of a night I felt a chill. It affected me so much.  But at the end of Brave New World I said ""Is this the end?"" Also  I read Huxley's ""Island"" 5 or 6 years ago and I simply hated it.  I don't understand his obsession with drugs. In Island, there was  ""Moksha medicine"" which the author approves and in Brave New  World there is ""Soma"" which I am not sure if he approves or not.  Also the book doesn't give us an insight into the whole structure of the  society, it mostly dwells on matters like sex and the discouragement of  individuality. But I still recommend the book as an anti-utopia. Lovers of  science fiction should also read ""1984"" and ""A Canticle For  Leibowitz""."
"I cannot understand why someone would label this book boring. I found the first chapter (about 15 pages) a bit slow but after that it picked up quickly. Don't be fooled by the ""this book sucks, it's sooooo  boring"" reviews. The book is easy to read (the writing is a bit flawed  but easy to understand) and presents a thought provoking idea about our  society."
"DEAR READERS, I am writing this review to save you a waste of time, money, and paper. ""The Brave New World"" was given to my honors english class to read. Being a book lover I dove into the book reading the first 3  chapters before the day was out. It was then I found what a perverted,  warped mind Aldous Huxley had. The book is about a man named Bernard Marx.  Benard lives in a society where almost everyone is genetically engineered  in a laboratory. As children they are manipulated to become one of the four  social classes: Alphas, Betas, Deltas, and Epsilons. As adults, people in  this society take drugs daily, and are encouraged to have intercourse with  many diffrn't people, and prejudice among classes is common. In short this  book is about people who's average lifestyle contains all of the wrongs  commited today. This book was extremly dissapointing , and I can only hope  this review will help encourage teachers around the world to NOT make us  students read this book. thankyou."
"Having first read Brave New World while in highschool, I was curious to discover what my reaction to it might be twenty years later.  Having read it a second time, I have even more respect for the work and marvel at the  predictions that Huxley  made.  While he certainly was poking fun at  society with most of his predictions, the more fearful ones certainly leave  one somewhat unsettled.  One must ask how close we have come to his Utopian  society in our modern age.  The intrusions of the press as it strives to  give us the real story might be the most frightening parallel between the  book and our society.  For all the moments when the book scares us, makes  us laugh or forces us to ponder our fate, it is a real masterpiece.  Even  more so when one considers it was written seventy years ago.  Many thanks  to my highschool English teacher who assigned it to me twenty years ago.  Here's hoping today's highschools will still allow such a book to be  available to today's students."
"Read this book if you want to be inspired to think about where we are now, and where we are going.  You'll be surprised at many of the things in this classic!"
"Control of ""negative"" emotions through drugs and other distractions.  ""Positive"" thinking in hypomanic denial of tragedy.  Promiscuity without love, warmth without soul, slogans without  meaning--and now, genetic engineering bought, sold, and patented.  Huxley  would have recognized the Borg of the Star Trek universe, and shuddered.  See why.  But hey, it's all good, right?  Good to go?  You go, girl.  Look  on the bright side.  Everybody's happy nowadays."
"Brave New World has to be one of the greatest books I have ever fell across.  However, this is not because it is action packed or any other such nonsense that make up modern best sellers.  The book does have it's own unique suspense, but it really shines in it's analysis of human desires.  Imagine a world that's perfect.  People who perform grunt labor are happy with their jobs, and everybody loves everybody.  Childhood education consists of something right out of Rousseau's Emile, and subconcious repitition is used to smooth out any uncertanties.  But, as this book points out, what if these uncertanties aren't always smoothed out, and classic literature is destroyed because it is ""old and has no modern use.""  This book shows us how gratification of our desires is only a temporary opiate, and that it is not worth giving up our sacrifices."
"Whenever you see some promotion on tv in in print touting a ""Brave New World"" and talk about all the great things we have comming for us in the future, it will make you ill.Ever since reading the book, it makes me sick every time I see it.  Either they have never read the book or they are delibertly giving you the finger and you dont even know it.  Unless ofcourse you have read the book.Upon reading it and you then must read Huxley's Brave New World Revisited(a must).  You like Huxley will come to realise that we are living this nightmare wich is his book.This book along side 1984 will give you an excellent look into what the power brokers of the world have waiting for you. A definent must read for anyone interested in the dark side of our future and perhaps our present."
"I read this after reading amusing ourselves to death, and was totally  shocked. It seems like our society may really be heading in the direction  of living totally for pleasure.  Uh oh."
"I had heard of this book all through high school.  It had been constantly  recommended to me by my English teachers because of my loyalty to language,  writing, and being rather ""left-wing"" (or so I was called  otherwise).In my senior year, a previous teacher gave me a copy out of  the depths of the old book room.  It wasn't in any of the class curriculums  anymore, and they were old, beat up paperbacks waiting to be  reopened.The book is beyond revolutionary.  I gave it to a friend to  read, and she loved it as well (and she is very critical when it comes to  philosophy and the human existence in fiction...as am I).  I encourage  every person to read this book - whether you have been thinking to do so  for quite some time now or you have never heard of it before!"
"I don't understand why Mr. Huxley is so famous. Okay, he has a very strong  message, but then, his writing skills are non-existent. This book  completely lacks fantasy and originality. As a result, the possible appeal  of Mr. Huxley's ideas is overweighed in a hundredfold by the despise his  ""prose"" (sorry for using this word here!) makes you feel. How is  one supposed to enjoy the beauty of a wonderful landscape by a scribble of  a three-year-old? Instead of this ""novel"", Mr. Huxley should have  written a short newspaper article titled ""Things I Don't  Like"".If Mr. Huxley is a writer, anybody who talks is a linguist.  Reading this book leaves one perplexed - how could the author voluntarily  expose himself to such ridicule?"
"How does this sound to you?You live in a society where your every  physical need is cared for, and all things sensual are avaliable whenever  you like.  The price?  You don't get to think.  What happens if you think?  You get deported to a beautiful tropical island where everyone else  thinks.So you're happy until you realize you're not, and once you do,  you get sent somewhere you can become happy on your own, with others like  you.Sounds good to me.That, in a nutshell is the society presented in  this novel.  Huxley tries his best (or does he?) to make is sound horrible,  but I'd take it any old day.  I like tropical islands.Enjoyable, but not  ominous, and certainly not sucessful in its predictions."
"When the reader realizes that this book was written in the early 1930's,  he must be stunned by the insight Huxley had for the world that would  unfold in the late 20th Century.  While, for the most part, the ideals and  events of his ""Brave New World"" have not come to fruition in our  society, some of the undertones of our culture are certainly evident in  this book.  It is also a grave warning of the dangers of absolute  Socialism, in other words equality without quality, life without challenge.  This was so well written, with every character being worthy of sympathy.  Even the most cruel of the Utopians is to be pitied, for we see how truly  empty their lives are.  This is a book that should be read by everyone.  Boy, would this make a great film."
"Brave New World is a novel about one of the dimmer paths into the future  that humanity may oneday embark upon.  It is a novel that asks humanity  which is more important: the search for truth and the attainment of  knowledge or the pursuit of pleasure and happiness(whatever that is).  It  asks humanity if it is better to live in a world where the individual is  just as important as the system, or whether the former is merely a trivial  cell of the higher organism.  A central criterion to this question is the  role of science, which Huxley shows as being both good and evil: the  enlightenment it provides also serve to cast shadows.  While science is  central to truth and beauty (  Inventas vitam juvat excoluisse per artes),  it does also work in malevolent ways to eliminate it.  Science does offer  humanity the path to self destruct and live in idle blissfullness (If you  would like to live in such a manner, read this book and see the  consequences...).  Regarding the mechanics of the novel, it is weak  in character development and the corresponding environment in which these  characters dance.  Rich settings and fully realized characters are not what  the book is about, however.  They are merely props for Huxley to project  his message.  Since the message is the primary focus of the book, this does  not detract away from the novel in any grave manner.  Furthermore,  the presentation of the novel's content is very well constructed, wherein  it scores most of its merit points.  Witty, comical, and very satirical,  Huxley masterfully presents his ideas.  The chapters filled with the most  meat (or tofu for the vegetarians) must be 16 and 17.  Chapter three is  perhaps the most intense and experimental section of the book, where a  multitude of conversations are presented all at once, and it is up to the  reader to decipher exactly who is saying what.  A most definite read,  however, not as shocking as perhaps it once might have been, for quite a  few of the predictions seem just around the very near corner, and some have  already been fulfilled!  Enough staring at this monitor, I've a  headache...where's that damn half gram of SOMA...after all, how does the  rhyme go?..."
"Mr Huxley's vision of a strange futuristic world where people are cast into different orders: Alpha being the highest & Epsilon the lowest,  & utopian life is like the company that is publishing it now, a  perennial classic. I read it for high school & was impressed &  enjoyed it. I was reminded of it when a ferryman enthused about it which I  found surprising & maybe I was being as judgemental as the people who  set up the system described in the book. Apparently in the early 60s a  young Don Van Vliet was selling vacuum cleaners door-to-door [he is seen  holding one on the covers of Hot Rats & Grow Fins] & knocked on the  door of Aldous Huxley & proceeded to tell him ""I assure you sir,  these things really do suck"" [although that may seem a bit too Wayne's  World-y to be true] & they went for a walk in the park. Digressions  aside Brave New World is a very important book, intelligent &  thought-provoking. I am yet to read other Huxley material, maybe I should  trek off to the library & see what they have."
"Set in a dystopian futuristic society, this novel warns about the dangers  of technology, standardization, and excessive government control. Huxley  wrote during the Great Depression, when many people around the world  worried about having basic necessities, yet he looked beyond the immediate  problems and saw a hyper Fordist world, in which mass production and wealth  eventually lead to a rigid and boring society--a society where no one has  the right to be unhappy. Huxley's weakness as a writes is character  development. His characters usually do not evoke much sympathy or interest.  But this book paints such a vivid and unique picture of a dystopian life  that may come that it easily deserves five stars. Also, Huxley anticipates  the use of genetic engineering to shape the character of human beings. In  its portrayal of a possible ominous tomorrow, the book is in the same  league with Orwell's ""1984"" and Burgess' ""A Clockwork  Orange."" If you never read this book, you owe it to yourself to read  it as soon as you have free time."
"If you've seen ""The Matrix,"" you know how after seeing it for the first time, your mind reels, thinking about reality, perception and the true meaning of life and freedom.  You will have the same haunting introspective thoughts after reading ""Brave New World."" The novel is incredibly visionary, especially in light of the fact that it was written in 1932.Huxley foresaw not only a television in every home, but one in every room, communication and entertainment devices everywhere. Movies called ""Feelies"" in which the viewer sees, hears, smells and feels the action (can you say ""virtual reality?""). A society in which everything is turned upside down... the important things in life; loyalty, family, faith, monogamy, individuality are thought to be ""anti-social"" and perverse and even obscene... while promiscuity, drug use and wanton spending are considered virtues.A society bent on economic stabilty so much, that it sacrifices the very need for economics - citizenry. Children are not born, they are ""decanted"" in hatcheries and conditioned like Pavlov's dogs to like or dislike the things that will make them ""content"" in their pre-destined station in life.I saw the made for TV movie based on this book a couple of years ago and wanted to read this book ever since. This book will make you think. It will make you look around and see how the media and government continues to spin around us as we're usually oblivious to the things that matter.As a society, we are so consumed with ""self"" and temporary pleasures, that we don't treasure the things that really matter until they are taken away from us. The society and government in this story take advantage of this societal weakness and feed it and nurture it until people willingly give up their freedoms because they're getting everything they think they want, when they want it. When things temporarily seem bleak, they just take Soma, the perfect drug that has no side-effects and just makes you ""take a Soma holiday."" Each person silently ignores the void that their life has begun and they drown their lonliness and emptiness with drugs.Huxley's writing style is very interesting, sometimes a narrative, then suddenly text that reads like a screenplay - yet sometimes you're not sure who's say what and when, yet it is still an easy read... scenes are constantly changing and you get so caught up in the story, you often don't realize you're turning pages.Previous to reading this novel, my favorite piece of fiction was ""1984"" by George Orwell, but I think this book has just bumped it to the #2 slot. This is an intriguing, and thought-provoking story that you will never forget."
"Brave New World excellently depicts a future that very well may happen, a terrible future that shows mindless masses and an immpossible-to-break caste system. People are grown in ""Hatcheries"" like plants, and  are conditioned for death and show no remorse at a fellow mans passing away  because there is no individual in this society. ""The World  Controllers"" believe this to be pure happiness and think that it's  citizens would never leave but they fail to see the difference between  pleasure and happiness and the striving of the human mind to be  individualic."
"I had to read this book for school, usually I hate the books I have to read for school, but in the case of Brave New World I was very pleasently surprised.  Brave New World is an awesome book that was written about 70  years ago, but is still set in the very distant future and still has an  effective message today.  This book is set in a utopian future where the  entire planet is one nation and almsot everyone is happy.  The people are  kept happy by having a view of sex as something commonplace and with many  people; they are also kept happy by a halucionogenic drug that everyone  takes called soma.  The book portrays that author's views on almost every  aspect of society (religion, sex, science, ect.) and is the sort of book  that can have many different interpretations.  Brave New World is the kind  of book that once you read the first chapter you want to keep reading just  to see what happens next.  So far, this is one of my favorite books, and I  would definately recommend it to almost everyone."
"Quite simply, this novel was as perfect as could be in its premise, ideas, themes, and characters.  The succinctness of the narrative style is very much effective.  One of its strenghts was the genuine feeling I had while  reading it that it was written in the time and world of its setting.  this  makes it more than a mere political pamphlet, a la 1984.  A classic and a  must-read.  A prophetic vision of the ""last man."""
"This book is a literary masterpiece. It depicts a future world so barren and so devoid of promise that the only thing scarier than it is the fact that it's already coming true. The book is comparable to (although very  different from) Orwell's 1984. No use comparing them, as many have done.  They are both great books, and should be read by everyone.That said,  Brave New World is not for everyone. Sorry to be frank, but an idiot cannot  read this book. I know two immature people who started reading the book  (and didn't even make it through the first chapter) that said it was  ""retarted"". Okay, so there. If you're gonna read this book, do it  right. Don't read it while watching TV or listening to the radio. You have  to read it on it's own and read it slowly, to truly understand it. Because  it can be quite confusing at times. For example, early on in the book there  is a part where two different scenes are taking place simultaneously, and  the character's thoughts from each of the scenes are spoken, but with no  note of who is saying them. You have to be really paying attention to the  book to get anything out of it. And yes, it does have very deep meanings.  Read this if you are looking for something a little more thought-provoking  and serious than your usual run-of-the-mill action novel."
"It seems that I have a very different interpretation of this book than others do.  I suppose Huxley meant for it to be a condemnation of the World State utopia.  But I don't see it that way.  I see the novel much more as a  tragedy of the human spirit.Huxley paints a picture of a world where  almost everyone is happy and content.  Why is this so bad?  What no one  ever really seems able to explain is why a life of misery and hardship is  truly better than life in the World State.  WE may not find satisfaction in  it, but maybe that's just a product of our own masochistic minds.  Why  condemn those that do find satisfaction in it?  Why must we drag them into  our pit?  I see in these reviews reminders of the way that the natural  humans in the novel shun John.  The World State is ""different""  and must therefore be attacked- never mind that almost all of its  inhabitants are perfectly fine with their lives.  That doesn't matter!  They MUST be made to see that pain is good!  What?For me, the center of  this novel is the tragedy of John- a man unable to live anywhere.  A man  torn to shreds by his own soul, and then turned into an amusement by  society.  THAT, to me, is the heart of the book.  That sometimes there is  no right and wrong- there is only the unbearable fact that some people  simply aren't made for the times or culture that they're born into.  What  do they do?  How do they survive?  Unfortunately, in John, we see the fate  of so many great and original thinkers."
"As critic and best-selling author Neil Postman points out so well in the introduction to his book ""Amusing Ourselves To Death"", we have congratulated ourselves prematurely by figuring we made it past the  totalitarian nightmare state depicted in George Orwell's gripping  cautionary tale ""1984"". Perhaps, Postman suggests, we should  remember another visionary totalitarian nightmare scenario and use it to  critically examine the contemporary state of social and psychological  well-being. Of course he was referring to Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New  World, written before Orwell's by 15 or so years, and even more frightening  in its own way in the world it describes. More and more, that frightening  vision looks like our contemporary world.Picture his ironic portrait of  a populace doped into Nirvana on ""soma"" (read Prozac and Zoloft),  isolated and diverted by petty preoccupations in mindless trivial pursuits  (read video games and internet surfing to all the porno sites), oblivious  to anything not directly pertaining to themselves and totally unaware of  the degree to which they are being socially, economically, and politically  co-opted. Beginning to sound more familiar? Remember, says Huxley, brute  force is not the only method an oligarchy can use to influence, manage, and  finally control our hard-won freedoms and liberties; it can be done with  over-indulgence and the deliberate fertilization and promulgation of apathy  through self-absorption, as well.Even Huxley says (circa 1960, almost  30 years after the original publication) in the preface of the revised  version of the book that he is alarmed as to how quickly the sort of events  he figured might take a hundred years such as the appearance of political  internationalism and transnational corporate entities are already arising  and beginning to control more and more of the substance of our social,  economic, and political lives. Just how much do we know other than what we  hear and see on television, for example? Yet the electronic media is owned  and managed by transnational corporations. Ever wonder why we never heard  much muckraking news coverage of the NAFTA or GATT deals even though many  recogized the two bills would radically change the nature of international  trade? Perhaps the transnationals didn't want too much hype or fuss.  Starting to feel uncomfortable yet? Still, people keep insisting this was  just a whimsical work of fiction, that it was a parable, that he really  wasn't serious.Want to find out more? Read this book, but do so slowly,  taking notes, recognizing how many contemporary  parallels there are to  each of the ""whimsical details"" he conjures up, and then figure  out in your own mind how very close he was to prognosticating just how far  we have come toward the ""Brave New World"" in which everyone's  soul and awareness is for sale. The kids are wowed by the recent movie The  Matrix"", yet few appreciate just how much of a fabled existence we are  already living in.  No pain, no sorrow, no trouble of any kind. Instead, we  have our individual and collective consciousness ""managed""  pharmaceutically; our psyches eased into blithering bliss with  ""soma"", our diminishing attention spans sidetracked and occupied  by petty diversions and endless entertainments. Pass me the corndogs,  honey!But, hey! Don't touch that dial; Regis is on! They may retry OJ!  What did Bill Clinton really do with that cigar? Have you seen the latest  news about the stock market? Did you get any of that new beer they're  advertising? it's supposed to make me a real ladies man....What's the  latest gadget? Can I buy one on-line? By the way, where are the kids? Hell,  never mind, just turn up the volume; I think I know the answer to that  question Regis just asked... Meanwhile, folks, our awareness of what is going  on around us, our rights and our liberties are being power-washed away,  obliterated, and we cannot even see it happening in front of us. We are  diverted, distracted, content in our own little worlds.  So welcome to our  nightmare. Better beware; it just looks like Nirvana. It's really another  ""Brave New World""."
"A very different look at an Orwellian nightmare, a very 1984-esque negative utopia, depsite the fact it was written some 12 years before 1984. John Savage's outlook an ""Civilazation"" is very true, that there  should have been more emotion. No respect for the dead (death  conditioning), no deep relationships, in fact, there's a promotion of  promiscuity. Lenina is the perfect World State citizen, and is proud of her  pneumatic way of life. Hoorah for John Savage and Bernard Marx!"
"This had the potential to be a good book and Huxley certainly wasn't a bad writer for his day, but his main purpose in this book seems to be to get a message out, and I'm not sure I can buy that message. Basically the thesis  is that it's good to be unhappy. The main characters are sick that this  world has no unhappiness and they want the right to be unhappy. I cannot  understand this since I would rather be happy than not. If this was just a  satire about an immoral modern society, then I could understand. His  predictions certainly are not too far off the map. If you are curious, try  this book, but personally I did not find it enlightening."
"This had the potential to be a good book and Huxley certainly wasn't a bad writer for his day, but his main purpose in this book seems to be to get a message out, and I'm not sure I can buy that message. Basically the thesis  is that it's good to be unhappy. The main characters are sick that this  world has no unhappiness and they want the right to be unhappy. I cannot  understand this since I would rather be happy than not. If this was just a  satire about an immoral modern society, then I could understand. His  predictions certainly are not too far off the map. If you are curious, try  this book, but personally I did not find it enlightening."
"I have read this book several times and I like it better each time I read it. In the tradition of 1984 and Farenheit 451, it bring about the horrors of what could happen in the future if we allow it to happen. Mankind's seeming inability not to mess around with Mother Nature is always getting us into trouble. It is particularly unsettling that the advent of cloning is now upon us, ways of us genetically altering DNA and affecting the way cells are grown in the lab. I hope every scientist who works in these cloning labs has read this book, because it would scare the pants of them, or it should. It is interesting to note that this book was written in the 1930's, way before anyone had heard of genetically altering cells or cloning. Obviously, Mr. Huxley, the author, was a true visionary who saw the possibilities of what could happen long before most other people did. Highly recommended!"
"Amazingly creative story that brings up huge questions about the meaning of life, happiness, and God. Bernard Marx lives in the ""perfect"" new world and visits New Mexico and ends up bringing back a savage. The savage poses many of the questions that the reader must ultimately wrestle with.The story is based off of Aldous Huxley's theory that drugs are the solution for mankind; give healthy, normal people drugs and they will derive the true meaning of life.  In short, drugs can help people have a great experience anytime they wish.  The drug in Brave New World is called ""soma,"" which in ancient East Hindu myths was the drug used to keep the gods content.  It is interesting to note that Huxley was a firm believer in the concept presented in Brave New World -- he made his wife promise to give him LSD when he was dying so that he could reach a truth in his own head.  Ironically, it is Huxley's view of life that tells me that there must be a higher purpose, and this point is truly driven home through the Savage in the story.  The Savage sees the fleeting and meaningless moments in the ""brave new world,"" and this really makes the reader think about what truly matters in life."
"This book reminded me of the novel ""1984"" by George Orwell. George Orwell and Aldous Huxley seems to contain some similarity; George Orwell focuses more deeply into totalitarinism, whereas Huxley tries to imply the effects of despotic policies. The book's plot is the prediction of the future. Huxley like Orwell takes place as an oracle...he predicts that in the future humans would no longer evolve from a natural state, instead human production would become a manufacturing process. They would ""hatch"" from labotorial embryos and from birth would be brainwashed to accept the criterias the ruler (in this case a form of totalitarinism) had as rules. Such predictions strike me in awe because Huxely wrote this novel in the early 1900's, but his depictions are of certain relavance to the technological capablities we can acheive today. Even today, the technology available in ""Brave New World"" is not considered impossible.  Through this book one considers the effects and the consequences of such a world. A world dominated by one despotic ruler and through him society evolves. Humans are no longer different or original...we are all of the trite spiecies. This book makes us consider this as possible and not the impossible. This is why I think this book is a book definitely worth to read."
"Well if you are doubting about buying this book. Do not hesitate, buy it. It is not the best written book ever but its contents are today more present than ever. The story is supposed to happen in the future, a future that has become close to the present. But yet again, there is hope. The book can help us to wake up and think seriously about what our world has become and what we can do to avoid falling down further in Huxley's society of loveless and meaningless existences."
"It is 654 A.F. God has been removed from society. People now turn towards the government for their comfort not a chapel. What has happened? Science has happened. Man has taken the role of God and Man now has indirect control over everybody, everywhere.  Children aren't born nowadays. The truth is, most people don't know the word ""parent,"" and the people who do are afraid of it. No you are not born, Man creates you. You now start as an embryo in a little jar. That jar sits on a large conveyor belt moving slowly towards adulthood. Why has man chose to do this? One word: Stability.  This is not the only surprise that Huxley intertwines into this faced paced piece of scientific literature. He portrays an unimaginable life that blows you mind away. His writing style just grabs you by the collar and pulls you into to this amazing story about life in future time.  This scientific masterpiece isn't just about the future. Aldous Huxley ties in the story of a Savage brought in from the Malpais Indian tribe. He is oblivious to world outside his clay house. When he is brought to sense about the brave new world that he was born into, it disgust him to the largest extent.  This roller coaster of a book will keep you pinned to you seat throughout the whole ride. It is definitely a must read."
"Brave New World is a worthy book, that is not nearly as dark as it could be. A truly unrealistic view as to what may happen in the future allows for a comfortable distance between what is put forth in the book and what is possible, yet some elements to be seen in Huxley's world can be seen in our own, even today. An excellent choice for anyone looking for a book that can provide intellectual stimulation while remaining enjoyable and entertaining."
"Brave New World was an interesting book that I definitely think was worth reading. I enjoyed reading every minute of it, yet sometimes it was confusing. At the beginning I didn't always understand what was going on. This book really makes you think about the future, and what it might be like in the years to come. It's so weird to hear the characters talking about how horrible our era is. They found the old people at the indian reservation disgusting because they never age. How strange in this day and age. I find the book very odd, but I'm very glad I read it for English class."
"It was one of the most fascinating and intriguing books Ive ever read. There are two depths to this story and I dont mean intellectual, but rather you can decide to coast it and bounce from place to place accepting or you can pick the people you like and the ones you dont. Either way is perfectly fine, but it gives one different perspectives I beleive. I did both, choosing to side with some and dislike others but ultimately to tag along with the story and watch it. It is probably the weirdest yet most accurate thing I have ever read. The reality of it is frightening, and truthfully I hope the human society never reaches such a level. A human race laced with cold emotionless joy, nothing to fear (which is a defining factor in each of us) life carries itself it out with no point. Only a few who are considered essentially odd and one who has not been brought up in this terrifying surrounding but rather in the ""inferrior"" native culture can recognize any fault with society (which incidentally is the only reason this system works - every one is happy with it because there isnt any other way). It is almost to weird to read but its not really and if followed, it proves both margianally disatsifying but utterly rewarding."
"It was one of the most fascinating and intriguing books Ive ever read. There are two depths to this story and I dont mean intellectual, but rather you can decide to coast it and bounce from place to place accepting or you can pick the people you like and the ones you dont. Either way is perfectly fine, but it gives one different perspectives I beleive. I did both, choosing to side with some and dislike others but ultimately to tag along with the story and watch it. It is probably the weirdest yet most accurate thing I have ever read. The reality of it is frightening, and truthfully I hope the human society never reaches such a level. A human race laced with cold emotionless joy, nothing to fear (which is a defining factor in each of us) life carries itself it out with no point. Only a few who are considered essentially odd and one who has not been brought up in this terrifying surrounding but rather in the ""inferrior"" native culture can recognize any fault with society (which incidentally is the only reason this system works - every one is happy with it because there isnt any other way). It is almost to weird to read but its not really and if followed, it proves both margianally disatsifying but utterly rewarding."
"un mundo felizEsta novela ha sido un despertar  en muchos aspectos. Despertar a una realidad de hombres dormidos a un mundo de hombres despiertos y que aspiran a la libertad. No es que a esta altura de mi vida y después de tantos libros no tuviera mas o menos esa idea formada de la sociedad futurista, sino que me atrae la mordacidad con que su autor la expresa. Una sociedad como la que aquí se describe debió parecer chocante e irreal en ese entonces, pero si observamos los cambios que ha sufrido la sociedad desde ese entonces, muchas cosas que parecían increíbles e incluso ridículas, se han vuelto  tan normales que no sabemos como podían vivir  las personas de otros tiempos sin cosas tan elementales como nuestros soma-prozac, los teléfonos móviles, las computadoras  y la demás parafarnelia  de equipos que nos acompañan y nos hacen la vida mas fácil en nuestro ajetreo diario por consumir y consumirnos, por encajar dentro de los patrones de normalidad de una sociedad en la que a pesar de haber cruzado la línea de un nuevo milenio se muestra tan intolerante  e intransigente con las personas que no se amoldan a ciertos estándares.  Estoy de acuerdo con el autor en que un verdadero cambio de la sociedad radica en un cambio interno de cada ser humano. Una comunidad no debe pretender cambiar el rostro y pensar que ya todo esta listo. Solo un cambio dentro de nosotros mismos puede generar un cambio externo duradero.Luis Méndez"
"We read Brave New World for sophmore history and when asked wheter we would like to live in the world so vividly painted by Huxley, the class was in a 50-50 split. Is huxley describing a Utopia or an anti-Utopia? The book challenges our notions of ""happy"", and our notions of a ""hero"". It forces to make a decision and come to our own conclusions.What makes this book so great is that very equivocalness that made the 50-50 split; it can be construed in many different ways. The book is good but be sure to have a dictionary near by unless you can readily define terms like ""viviparos"". Read the book slowly and look up theuses of words you don't understand because it is getting increasingly important that people read this book carefully. Our society is heading towards the society portrayed in Brave New World. There are many parallels to our society like the drug ""soma"". We too have drugs like soma, the biggest being alcohol.  Perhaps we will be faced with a decision: either to live in the cold, efficiancy of the ""perfect"" government where we would live in blissful ignorance, or will we choose the imperfect society where we would be subject to suffering. Does happiness lose its meaning when we lose suffering?"
"Would you like to see a perfect world? Can you even picture a perfect world? I have with the help of a book called ""A brave new world"" by Aldous Huxley. This is a science fiction that can take you on a trip hundreds of years in the future to a place where there is no suffering, depression, burdens, or poverty, depression is treated with grams of soma, violence and pain are left in the past and there is food and jobs for all. There is complete social stability. One cannot help but be happy in this perfect world. But a world that has no suffering, violence or pain is a bland world. This world really doesn't know happiness because it has never appreciated how bad sadness and pain are. Mr. Huxley knew that without the bad side of society the good side looses its flare. Maybe society is perfect being imperfect.A brave new world tells the story of Bernard Marx, a lower than average Alpha. Now babies are born in jars, and carefully cultivated and conditioned to accept their predetermined roles in life. Alphas are the highest level. They are intelligent, arrogant, strong and beautiful. Lower down are Epsilons, Betas, gammas, and deltas, lower level people who perform the more menial yet necessary functions of the society. Bernard is an abnormality, a rather weak and small Alpha, who has deep yearnings to break free of the society. Bernard gets permission to visit a Reservation, a place where progress has been banned. There he meets John the Savage, a white male who has been raised among the Indian's. He decided to bring John back to civilization.This book can open up your eyes but unlike the world it portrays it isn't perfect. This is a very complicated book with an incredible plot, theme and story line that have the potential for brilliance. Unfortunately the writing style does not compliment its brilliance. The characters weren't developed very well. You can never really get into their shoes and feel their emotions. This is also a very confusing book. It jumps to and from ideas and leaves gaps in its story line. In the beginning I was so lost that I almost put the book down but luckily I chose to read on and I am very glad I did so. If you are looking for an easy book to breeze through and just take up some spare time, this is not what you are looking for. If you are an advanced reader looking for something else to read, something that drifts from the sea of all the other bland books then I suggest that you read this book. You will not regret it."
"I really enjoyed this book. It made me really think about what the future is going to be like and hope that it is not like the one in a Brave New World. It is full of very interesting concepts, especially since it was written in the 1930's or so. Overall, I would recomend it if you like to read for enjoyment."
"Aldous Huxley presents us with the ideal Utopia.  All social concerns erased with the pop of a pill, political concerns usurped via caste system, and morality is no longer in existance!  The barrage of vivid images and elaborate themes, in combination with Huxley's lyrical wit elevates Brave New World to a trancendent level of literary excellence."
"The people of this Brave New World have solved many of the problems that bother some people today: everyone has all the food they could eat, they can buy all the stuff they want, and can just use it once and replace it with something else they like more (and are encouraged to do so...), they don't have to be bothered with the burden of parenthood and fidelity, no one gets old, wrinkled or fat... What can be better? I've read somewhere that without experiencing the negative side of life you lose the positive one too. This book just goes to prove this point: most of these people's lives are empty and meaningless, and nothing new is created or invented... The opposite of that appears in the Indian village - filth, insufficient food clothes or medical attention, and so on, but these people can still FEEL - the romance and tragedy of ""Romeo and Juliet""... Which is better? The book lets you decide for yourself... It's only problem is its one dimensional and predictable characters, but even they don't manage to ruin a good book and a good message..."
"This is a book I won't soon forget.  It tells the story of a utopia in the future, manufactured children, reconditioning, and simply of human nature.  Aldous Huxley does an amazing job at taking such an advanced topic and making it seem somewhat real.  I was disturbed by Brave New World, but also fascinated.  His characters are developed to the perfect degree, and while eloquent in his words, he is also readable."
"In my experience, when people talk of dystopian novels, inevitably two titles are mentioned:  1984, and A CLOCKWORK ORANGE.  And then, almost as an afterthought, ""Oh, yes, and BRAVE NEW WORLD"".  While the first two remain astonishing and relevant works of art in today's world, Aldous Huxley's contribution (which pre-dates the others) always remains a distant third.  Why?BRAVE NEW WORLD, while incredibly sophisticated considering when it was first published (1932), does not hold up as well in the world of 2000.  Its ideas are still potent, and it does remain a fascinating read.  Nevertheless, as an enduring masterpiece, it is deeply flawed.BRAVE NEW WORLD centres, more or less, around Bernard Marx, a sub-average Alpha.  Techniques in reproduction and eugenics have progressed to the point where 'mothers' (an incredibly filthy word) are no longer necessary;  babies are born in jars, and carefully cultivated and conditioned to accept their predetermined roles in life.  Alphas are the highest level;  intelligent, arrogant, strong and beautiful.  Lower down are Epsilons and Betas, lower caste persons who perform the more menial yet necessary functions of the society.  Bernard is an abnormality;  a rather weak and small Alpha speciman, who has deep yearnings to break free of the conformity of society.  This is as close to heresy as it can get.Bernard gets permission to visit a Reservation, a place where progress has been disallowed.  There he meets John the Savage, a white male who has been raised among the Indian culture.  He decided to bring John back to civilization, where, predictably, culture shock sets in.BRAVE NEW WORLD has been hailed as a cautionary tale against rigid conformity and science, where the individual now exists to serve the advances of science, not the other way around.  This is indeed so, and Huxley's take on the theme is years ahead of its time.  His new world can be remarkably complex and exciting, and almost inviting in its ultimate ideals.But much of BRAVE NEW WORLD does not inspire the reader in the same manner of 1984 and CLOCKWORK ORANGE.  In those novels, the worlds of tommorow, while equally vivid, also function as deep social satire.  BRAVE NEW WORLD, by contrast, reads like parody.  We do not enter the world of the novel, and see ourselves.  Rather, we laugh at it, seeing the folly of others.BRAVE NEW WORLD also lacks convincing narrative and characterizations.  Huxley's characters are mere props, used to fuel his ideas.  Never once do we empathize with anyone.  Characters come and go to illustrate points of view, but never to engage the reader.  Contrast this with 1984, where the reader connects so completely to Winston Smith that his eventual downfall breaks the heart.  Or CLORKWORK ORANGE, where Alex's murderous rampages are presented in such a form that the reader completely understands why he is the way he is.  In BRAVE NEW WORLD, the reader dispassionately views the actions of the characters, never once gaining any understanding.  Orwell and Burgess allow us to live in their worlds;  Huxley presents the world, but doesn't let us enter it.BRAVE NEW WORLD is still a thought-provoking experience.  It is fast-paced and thought-provoking.  But Huxley's world only exists as an idea.  It is smart, lucid, and entertaining.  It is a classic, in the sense of its lasting appeal and relevant subject matter.  It fails to be a literary classic, but not for lack of trying."
"Brave New World is not a book that can simply be read once and forgotten.  No.  One must analyze the book, and always with an open mind.  ""Open mind"" meaning that one may need to look beyond the literal meaning of the words, and one must not take offense to the context in which Huxley writes.  It is not a pornographic book, and it is not a book promoting sacrilegious ideals.  To fully understand the novel as a whole, one must look deep into the mind of Huxley to even attempt to figure out what he is trying to say.  The entire novel must be looked at with the air of sarcasm.  Huxley is not condoning evil and sin; rather, he is making a mockery of it!  He is presenting the reader with an example of a society that has gone wrong, totally wrong, and he wants the world to be aware that the direction in which it is headed is not for the best, and in fact the world should stay as far away from extreme conformity as possible.  The world of which Huxley writes is the antithesis of what the human race really needs."
"This was a disturbing book written in the post WW2 era. This book is a projection of the future if communism comes into world wide power. This book because its on this kind of subject also has some contreversial content, it deals widley with the subjects of sex, drugs, entertainment, and the concievment of children. I thought this book was good but it was kind of diturbing the emphasis of sex and ""soma"" which is the perfect drug in the book."
"A very fascinating book about the future!  Passion, pain, discomfort, and bliss have been wiped off the face of civilization.  The Savage is a white man who was born in an indian reserve and has the choice between both worlds.  He inevitably chooses suicide when his guilt won't be absolved.  Brilliant and impressive."
"The writer created a new style. It is not futuristic: it should be called ""surealistic fiction"". The book is boring, the general portrait of the future is very brief and full of lacunes, one of the characters  spent most of the book just quoting Shakespeare. The ending is absurdly  weak; well, it's a trip with no destination at all. It is just boring. I  bought thinkin it was a classic, but it is just boring."
"This book was very enjoyable, and well written too.  It shows an alternate futre in which society has finally reached a utopian state.  The book dramatically portays the struggles one would have to give up if they would  want to live in this utopia.  For example, you are predetermined from birth  what you will be doing for the rest of your life.  All free choice has been  given up for the stability of society.  One of the lacking things in this  book i would have to say is the lack of details.  There is no mention of  how people get their individuals jobs, only on what roles they will play in  society.  I would have liked a bit more explanation about some of the  things that were not mentioned in the book.  I think that it would round  out the book a little more and perhaps make the world that Huxley created  seem just that much more real.  One of the best parts about the book is the  content, which should never be changed.  It is still relavent today,  perhaps even more now than when he wrote it back in '32.  I think the book  is actually scary in a wa since some of the things that he mentions are  starting to happen.  More and more the attention of our government and  media is focused towards safety and happiness.  This book gives a nice  proposition of how we can achieve it.  Personally, i am happy with how our  world is today, and the only thing that i would change is to remove hate  from the hearts of people.  That in my opinion is a perfect society."
"I enjoy books like this one.  I like looking at their society and thinking that I'm really glad that things aren't that way around here.  What a relief.  I don't think I could live in a society that is so obsessed with  pleasure.  A very good book though, I highly recommend it."
"brave new world happens to be my favorite book of all time.  an unprecedented look at society which can be applied to anytime there after, brave new world should be read by all.  it could be used as a wonderful  educational tool, and it should be used as one.  it could easily change  your views on life as you know it.  words can not describe the impact this  book will have on you for the rest of your life."
"Brave New World is boring at the beginning, but it becomes more interesting later.  I wouldn't recommend the book for everyone because it is very suggestive.  I am reading it in my senior English class.  This book  has so much immorality that it shouldn't be allowed in schools.  The book  has good points and reveals problems in any society, but that doesn't mean  that just because it is educational that it should be used in a school  setting.  I would suggest that if the book would interest someone they may  want to read it on their own time, and not for a school class."
"""Brave New World"", a fantasy of the future, which sheds a blazing and critical light on the present, is easily Huxley's finest work.  This mighty novel of a soulless, streamlined Eden is the twentieth  century's most brilliant, erudite and terrifying evocation of the future  our civilization may be creating.  Above all, ""Brave New World""  is a prophetic vision of natural men in an unnatural world, where freedom  lies dead and all our concepts of morality are forgotten.  It is easily the  most shocking, open-eyed look at a frighteningly possible tomorrow."
"About 70 years ago Aldous Huxley wrote Brave New World, in hopes of setting off a ""semi-serious alarm"" as to what will happen in the future.  This book deals with the problems of religion, science, art,  politics, sex, drugs, and mostly every aspect that can effect one's life.  And needless to say most of his predictions came true.  This really amazes  me and should really amaze anybody who reads it.  However, I don't  recommend Brave New World to most people.  For several reasons, one being  that this book is written in a VERY whimsical style.  For example, in the  end of Chapter 3, snippets of conversations are taken and jumbled up (this  may seem easy to tackle; but trust me, it isn't).  Second, the book is very  confusing at times, this isn't a book you can read with the radio is on,  you need all you attention toward the book (or else deciphering it is  impossible).  Third, the book has MANY very deep meanings.  Huxley some how  placed all of the problems of society into a book 250 pages, and you could  easily assume that it is chuck full of content.  Personally this is one of  my favorite books.  Brave New World's style is very original, nothing like  I have read before.  Its message it bitingly powerful, and shows exactly  what this world is headed for.  But for everybody who says this is better  than Orwell's 1984 (or vice versa) are mistaken.  The books have very  little in common.  Orwell is taking about totalitarianism and its various  faults, Huxley is talking about the effects of Social Utopianism.  So for  anybody who hasn't read either, don't be mistaken by the fools who think  otherwise."
"Although the number of reviews here show that Brave New World still has a sizeable readership, this book has to some extent been unfairly overshadowed by Orwell's ""1984"".  Whereas Orwell's vision of the  future has proven to be wrong in almost every respect, Huxley's could be  rewritten almost word for word today and still be an accurate portrayal of  the direction we're moving in.  For trivia buffs, there is a sad footnote  to Huxley's comparative obscurity:  Do you know when he died?  November 22,  1963.  Even in death, he was overshadowed by a more glamorous but vastly  less talented person."
"To read this book, you have to unlock that other 90 percent of your brain that stands dormant for the better part of your life. It's one of those books that takes your whole attention, no TV blaring, no siblings running  around, just reading. I tried my hardest to recognize all the subliminal  messages and morals this book was trying to teach, and I still couldn't get  them all.The whole plot of a futuristic ""utopian"" society is  well documented in this work. Huxley was a genious, period. How a person  could write a book in the 1920's, and predict such things as a ""happy  drug"", and a futuristic societies so advanced, is beyond me.If you  like science fiction, or just like a good ""mind"" book, get this  one. It'll have you thinking for a long time afterwards."
"Brave New World has attracted a wealth of praise and criticism since it was first published.  Some of the criticism is justified, but the book's value is undiminished.Yes, Huxley is in love with his own vocabulary; if  you have any doubts on that score, read the introduction he wrote sometime  after Brave New World was published, which is so ""highfalutin"" as  to be ridiculous.  The book itself is better, but one of Huxley's  fundamental rules seems to be, ""Never use a two syllable word if you  can use a seven syllable word instead.""  However, you don't really  have to know what ""viviparous"" or ""pavlovian"" mean to  follow the plot; most of the vocabulary can be figured out well enough from  context.Brave New World is often criticized as being ""dated"" -  some of the technology seems absurd by today's standards, and Huxley's  portrayal of Native Americans seems far from ""politically  correct"".  My response to this is, yes, if you want to get stuck on  details, those would seem to be defects in the book.  The same criticisms  about quaint technology could be made about just about anything written by  Jules Verne or Isaac Asimov; and, I seriously doubt that anyone will ever  use Huckleberry Finn or The Martian Chronicles as textbooks in a  sensitivity training seminar.  So what?  Expecting Huxley, who was born in  the late 19th century and wrote Brave New World in 1932, to have a 1990's  (oops, 2000's) outlook and knowledge is silly, and misses the point of the  book entirely.Taken in a broader context, though, Huxley's message is as  fresh as ever.  In Brave New World, the social order is maintained through,  among other things, instant gratification and conditioning.  Unfulfilled  need produces passion, aspiration, creativity, motivation, growth, and a  desire to change things - all dangerous in a society which prides itself on  ""stability"".Our modern society is, of course, nothing like  this.  Huxley describes ""feelies"" - high-tech sort of movies,  complete with impressive special effects, designed to entertain the common  herd, described by one character as ""written by an idiot.""  Hmmm  - stories written by idiots, complete with the latest special  effects...have you been to the movies lately?  Likewise, ""soma""  may seem a strange idea to the reader - but consider the alarming tendency  today to medicate any discontented adolescent with Prozac.  Conditioning?  Political correctness + an MTV view of life + idolization of celebrities +  etc + etc = ... what?One last note - Huxley himself later said that if  he were to rewrite Brave New World, he would give it a different (more  hopeful) ending.  I suppose if anyone has a right to rewrite a book, it's  the author - but personally, I'm glad he never tried. The ending _is_  depressing; but Brave New World shows where today's culture will lead, if  all the worst aspects are permitted to continue to thrive and flourish.  And it is a depressing place."
"Huxley's Brave New World is a novel written in the thirties about genetic engineering used to create a utopian society, and shows the dangers of ""playing god."" This book is very prophetic because our society is  facing many of these circumstances now in the 21st century that Huxley  presented in his writing almost 70 years ago. It stands as a warning for  our society as we seem to be striving for the society Huxley created even  though that society was obviously not as perfect as its rulers felt it to  be. Destroying hunger, disease, and old age may seem like a wonderful idea  but with such things can come a great struggle for power and further  control over individuals' lives. The novel really makes you think  especially about our current society and how close we may be to achieving  Huxley's ""Utopia."""
"Huxley's Brave New World is a novel written in the thirties about genetic engineering used to create a utopian society, and shows the dangers of ""playing god."" This book is very prophetic because our society is  facing many of circumstances now in the 21st century that Huxley presented  in his writing almost 70 years ago. It stands as a warning for our society  as we seem to be striving for the society Huxley created even though that  society was obviously not as perfect as its rulers felt it to be.  Destroying hunger, disease, and old age may seem like a wonderful idea but  with such things can come a great struggle for power and further control  over individuals' lives. The novel really makes you think especially about  our current society and how close we may be to achieving Huxley's  ""Utopia."""
"A truly thought-provoking book. It makes you realize the price of giving up truth and beauty for ignorant bliss. A painful honest, unlimited world will always be superior to content sheltering in my mind. ""Those who  give up freedom for the privilege of safety deserve neither."" Let's  just hope to the world doesn't end up in the state of the one described in  BNW, a not completely unlikely possibility."
"Amazing book.  It really gets you thinking about chaos.  Perfection could be obtained, but at what cost?  Read the book, you'll find out.  Good is only good when you have bad to compare it to."
"This boos is so weak, the narrative is so boring, thecharacters are so ridiculous and awkward, that I can't understand whatpeople saw in it.  There's no climax, the plot is old cliche in the ""science-fiction"" (even being written in 1926) and people get saying that the book is ""prophetic"", ""visionnaire""..  Come on!  IT is just boring. The end is laughable, the character who theoretically fights the organized civilization is also a ""robot"", because he only says what he read in Shakespeare. Blá!"
"A perfect world? That is only an illusion. This book has soo many references to the modern world as it exists today, it makes you think twice before starting a new day. This book is set in a society which maintains the ILLUSION of utopia by using human emotions and traits as a form of  controll. As I have said, when i finished reading, I was in tears. I cried  for about three hours, just comparing the events in the story to modern  life. A DEFINATE READ!"
"In 1931, Aldous Huxley published a book which was controversial, intelligent, and contained a prophetic message for the future. That book was ""Brave New World"", and seventy years later it is just as  relevant as the day it was published. The book takes place in the  not-so-distant future when the world has finally acheived a utopian  society. In this society, people live lives which where already planned out  before their birth. Humans are genetically engineered in a way which would  best service society. Everything is for the good of society. Books,  religion, poetry and individuality have been outlawed. But one citizen,  Bernard Marx is starting to question the world in which he lives. This book  is not only creatively written, but expresses an important message: The  choices we make and aspects of our individuality affect the society in  which we live."
"In 1931, Aldous Huxley published a book which was controversial, intelligent, and contained a prophetic message for the future. That book was ""Brave New World"", and seventy years later it is just as  relevant as the day it was published. The book takes place in the  not-so-distant future when the world has finally acheived a utopian  society. In this society, people live lives which where already planned out  before their birth. Humans are genetically engineered in a way which would  best service society. Everything is for the good of society. Books,  religion, poetry and individuality have been outlawed. But one citizen,  Bernard Marx is starting to question the world in which he lives. This book  is not only creatively written, but expresses an important message: The  choices we make and aspects of our individuality affect the society in  which we live."
"This book is such a thought-provoking novel.  All of Aldous Huxley's works are great, but this book is his masterpiece.  Though the story is set in an unimagaginable background, the characters are so real and moving.  Brave  New World is well worth your money.  I highly recommend this book to anyone  13 and over."
"This book is such a thought-provoking novel.  All of Aldous Huxley's works are great, but this book is his masterpiece.  Though the story is set in an unimagaginable background, the characters are so real and moving.  Brave  New World is well worth your money.  I highly recommend this book to anyone  13 and over."
"Contrary to popular prejudices, this book is not about a future totalitarian world made possible by genetic manipulation. A possibility of cutting & pasting genetic sequences was not known to Huxley. (The idea  of DNA as we know it occurred to Watson in 1953.) In fact, if you read the  book, you will find that making of components of this brave new world is  mainly through hypnophaedia (a kind of brainwashing) and use of drug. So,  is our world in any way similar to the one Huxley describes? Not quite. I'd  say it merely reflects the gloomy outlook the author had in the interval of  two World Wars. Is the book against science? Not really. In fact, the  Controller (in his Fordship) is well aware of the subversive nature of  science. A totalitarian society has to control science, he says. If any  one's going to argue that this book is for anti-science, he might have to  rephrase: it is about controlled use of science. Overall, like Orwell's  1984, this book is about totalitarian society, where a person's free will  is simple luxury. Wait, does ""free will"" exists? Consult  Skinner's Walden Two."
"This book, I am happy to say, was one of the most insightful and terrifying books that I have ever had the privilege to read. To clarify, I don't mean 'terrifying' in the sense that Stephan King is terrifying.  Instead, I mean it in a sense of deep and utter horror at the society that  is presented. Imagine a world where all of society is conditioned to be  utterly loveless. All people have been created in a decanting plant and  have been programmed before their very birth for the tasks that they will  fill. There are five castes, and the amount of oxygen that the embryo is  given in the decanting plant will determine what caste it belongs to. The  lower castes are given less oxygen to make sure that they are stupid enough  to enjoy the mundane jobs and empty lives that they will fill, and the  higher castes are given enough oxygen to make them the society leaders -  but only to a point. The moment the child is ""born"", it begins to  undergo a series of conditioning that includes both messages in their sleep  and electric shocks. The ideas of a ""mother"" or a  ""father"" are considered vulgar and utterly filthy, as is the idea  of actually falling in love with someone. In fact, staying faithful to one  person is the utter limit of social depravity, and the maxim of 'everybody  belongs to everybody else' is praised to the skies. The lack of adult  decision-making is encouraged, and all people are kept at an infantile  level. All needs are instantly filled. And for everything else, there is  soma, which is a drug that reduces the user to a cow-like state of bliss.  Soma is what keeps the entire society placid and static.Enter into this  world John the Savage, who was born on one of the last Indian reservations,  and the only place on earth left where people are given the belief of  loving and natural relationships. However, he does not belong there either  among the primitive culture, and joins the 'modern' culture. There, he  cannot reconcile himself to such a way of life, and he is finally driven  mad and kills himself.In truth, John's sad end was the only possible  ending for him. He could not survive in such an insane world as the modern  society, and the primitive society would not accept him. As there was no  middle ground, all that was left was death.I would highly recommend this  book. Despite the fact that it was written in the early '30s, it could just  as well have been written today. The focus is on the human, and as such it  remains just as powerful and meaningful today (especially as the  possibilities of genetic tinkering loom closer) as it was then."
"In an age when commericalism is common place, this classic is even more scary to read.  And, of course, by reading it you are undermining one of the basics of this distopian society: buy new things all the time.  Sound  familar?  You beat it does.  The characters aren't as well developed as I  would ideally like but the focus is on a society where the individual is  lost so there is a reason (or that's what I tell myself ;-))  A great read  for high schoolers just investigating the world around them with a critical  mind and a terrifying read for those of us caught up in the material world  already."
"This book is a brillant satire and a fascinating story of the ideals of a social utopia gone wrong.  If the characters in the book get angry they just take a gram of soma.  The motto is ""A gram is better than a  damn""  Nowadays we have a society drugged out on the soma of  choice....Prozac"
"After being stimulated to read this book while reading the notes to George Orwell's 1984 (which, incidentally, is completely different from BRAVE NEW WORLD), I found myself vastly let down. The intentionally flippant tone  works for some people, but it detracts from the  heavy/academic/philosophical themes, which, in this case, are actually  quite good (which is why I even give it two stars).The criticism Huxley  received from his contemporaries--that he is the typical Oxford  playboy-gentleman who seems far removed from his ideas--are valid. While  one reads the book, one gets the feeling that Huxley is playing a little  game--immensely enjoying himself by playing around with these essentially  lofty ideas. His metaphors are self-consciously pretentious. For example,  the whole idea of the Savage picking up a book of Shakespeare and somehow  intrinsically understanding it, only later to spout off passage after  passage, is shamelessly implausible. Metaphors should be subtle and smooth  in such a way that the reader ""forgets"" that he's actually  reading a book, but so many of Huxley's are too blatant that they beome  intrusive and insulting. The running ""ford"" joke, I thought,  seemed clever at first, but, like any joke, it wore out and became  irratating after I read it on almost every page. For a man of such  education and intelligence, it is surprising that he could write such a  potentially good novel so poorly.In the final analysis, if someone is  only mildly interested in serious social topics, this book is for that  person; it is funny (at times) and well-written (at fewer times) and  exhibits some intriguing ideas (again, at times). But this book is not the  ""great work"" that so many who buy into any author who would  attack the progression of Western civilization make it out to be."
"This is an excellent book, depicting a future where babies are born in bottles, 60 identical twins are common.  There is no god, only a leader, his Fordliness.  There is no lonliness or sorrow due to soma, the drug of the future.  Pain is not necessary, and everyone is happy.... or are they?This book does have some low spots, and thats why it doesnt have 5  stars, but it is well worth reading."
"Brave New World offers one plausible picture of the future of humankind. First published in 1932, this Huxley favorite describes a world 700 years from now in which children are genetically engineered, sexual freedom is the universal rule and ""happiness"" is ensured both by subliminal  mind programming and a well-circulated feel-good drug. For anyone who  thinks seriously about the human race (where we are and where we're going)  this book will spark a lot of good thoughts.The foreword, written 15  years after publication, contains Huxley's self-critique of the novel, and  Brave New World Revisited is an excellent companion book."
"After buying this book in an airport bookshop (at the advice of my English Lit teacher) I expected it to be worth flicking through for the duration of the flight - I actually had no idea of the lasting imprint it would leave on my thoughts and thinking patterns of the way I view the social structure  in which we live. In the ""utpoic"" society of the future, humans  are genetically engineered to ensure their function in a pre-destined  social role. Huxley carefully examines the place the individual has in a  society, reviewing how self-analysis, questioning and individualistic  thinking patterns can disrupt the equilibrium which keeps our community at  a balance. Questions raised include - should we sacrifice individual  pleasure and ""want"" to ensure the creation of a society where  everyone has enough to eat, where no mass violence or brutality takes place  and every-one has adequate sanitation? Or should we rebel from this lack of  conrol of our pre-destined social role, and have the free mind and morals  to construct our own social niche, one which we aren't conditioned against  deciding? Huxley carefully creates a fully balanced, well constructed  argument which relays to the reader the full, horrific consequences of what  can happen if the fibre of society is dissrupted. Read this book if you  want if to be presented with a convincing and stimulating examination of  the exact social structure in which we function."
"Huxley definately managed to make errie predictions about the future that have ended up coming ture in some mannor. The sexual revelotion, genetic enginering and mood altering durgs are all predicted within this work.  Huxley also makes a storng statement by having the society revere Henry  Ford as a god, demonstrating symbolicaly how we worship technology.  These points should have been left to an essay however if you ask me. The  characters in this book seemed to have sereval personalities that the  auother switchs between at his convienace. At some points Lenina seems to  be different from the rest, capable of love and feidilty as opposed ot  causual sex. Then at other points she's as shallow as everyone else.  Bernard seems at some points to be vitruious and ready to reject what  society has placed in front of his eyes. At other times however he is  taking advantage of John for his own benefits and reveling in the flase  happiness that he once denounced. This made it very difficult to develop  any ture bond or feeling towards the characters because you are never sure  of their personality. While I concede that humans are many facited and  often contradicte themselves, the changes in this book are so abburpt and  unexplained that Bernard and Lenina seem to betery their own  personalitiesThere are also aspects of the book which are just very  stupid. The fact that people play sexaphones is a pathitic overstatement of  the point the auother is tring to make. Some of slogans used sound so dumb  it is hard to fathom that people accepted them, this takes away from the  storyBrave New World falls short with badly written charcters and some  aspects that were so overly simplistic and obvious they became stupid."
"I have to say this is one of the most interesting and intriguing books that I have ever encountered.  Huxley is an absolute genius - painting the perfect picture of a societal Utopia which is anything but that.  His  characters are vividly portrayed and you wil find yourself constantly  asking the question, ""what's going to happen next?""  The book  deals with issues we face today:  drugs, sex, and the media;  almost acting  as a futuristic reading of things that are becoming true.  There's a reason  this book is considered a classic:  read it."
"In this book there seems to be something missing.  I love the world Huxley creates, but he goes for the obvious.  In other words, I could tell where the book was going to go when Bernard suggested taking the Savage to the  real world.  There is so much more that Huxley could have done with the  world he creates.  I should say that when I first finished the book I  probably would have given the book 4 or 5 stars.  However, after thinking  about the book for a few days I realized this is a 3 to 3 1/2 star book."
"This book is probably my all time favourite . Though the characters are not the most established and strong in literature they al in some way  represent the idiosyncracies and feeling in us all whither they be doubtful  or lustful. It is mainly the concepts and storyline of this book that  captured me. Written in 1932 it deals with today and tommorows issues  forboding the 'grand society' so many people long for . A must read,  hopefully when you're in you're teenage years. When you are done, read  'Brave New World Revisited'."
"this book is great, it is the best book ever written"
Just kidding.  I loved it.  Five billion stars all around.
"It is amazing how Aldous Huxley created a conditioned society 70 years ago, that reflects so much of what is going on in the world of 1999. John  Savage's character represents a hopelessness that art, literature, and  religion are to be extint and have no place in a secure pleasure seeking  environment."
this is the greatest book i have ever read.. i voted for it as book of the century..  don't hesitate to read this book..
"I loved the book, my title was used to draw attention.  I think the book should be a must on any English Teacher's sylabus."
"Huxley has epitomized the futuristic world everyone wishes for but cannot live in. He tells a tale of a corrupt future where people are kept drugged to be happy. An amazing world with no morals or conscience. Except for one  man, born outside the controlled Utopia of the modern world. He is a  comparison for a person of our modern world. This is a great book and I  highly recommend it for any reader intersted in what will happen in the  future."
"I have never read a book so thought provoking! It was so good! I was introduced to so many new ideas I had never previously considered. The politics in it are astouding. It is also an actual realistc science fiction  novel which are rare to come by. It is narrated beautifully, with a  storyline which is both interesting and intelligent."
"The most thought-provoking utopian/dystopia I've ever read. Better than ""1984"" and ""Erewhon"" put together and served with ""soma"". Peter Kreeft, an amazing writer and literary scholar,  listed Brave New World as one of the six books of the 20th Century that he  would make everyone read if he were God. And I would agree, because BNW is  the most sobering (and clearest) fictional picture we have, of the end  result of viewing mankind in strictly utilitarian terms. It could just as  easily have been called ""Grave New World""."
"The concept is startling at least, horrifying more accurately put.  No matter what he was under the influence of while writing this book, Aldus Huxley poses a fascinating scenario of a new world with new rules.  Find  yourself absorbed in this alternate world order and re-examine how things  are, how they could be, and perhaps how you think they should be."
"This book is written well, despite it's use of lofty language, but I found it very disturbing.  It makes a very solid, good point, that if we'e not careful our own ignorance can lead us into oblivion... and that sometimes  what we consider utopia can cost us our creaticity, happiness, freedom, and  individuality... this book is rather scary, if you want a slap in the face  or a rude awakening-- read it.  But have a dictionary near by!"
This is the best that I have ever read. Please do youself a favor and read it!
"I found BNW very entertaining, and I was fascinated by Huxley's technological vision of the future. In a foreword to the book writen 30 years after initial publication, Huxley talks about the  scientific/industrial/technological changes he did not envision while  writing BNW--and he mentions that he did not forsee the importance of  nuclear fission.Thirty years after Huxley's belated foreword, his  vision of bio-production seems right on the mark--he foresaw the ethical  issues of biotechnology, particularly cloning. But, obviously, computers  are completely absent in this vision of the future. Much of the book takes  place against a backdrop of what (to me, today) seem like ""Dr.  Frankenstein""-type laboratories--pretty funny.I admire Huxley for  trying to envision the future--it's a risky thing for an author to do. I do  find his portrayal of Native Americans and people of color entirely  sterotypical. As for women...let's just say the Brave New World is a white  male world. It seems to me he simply projected the existing  political/sociological structure into the distant future, and I really did  not sense that he considered an alternative. It didn't spoil the book for  me--I just thought it was funny that the new world was really so old in  that sense. (Yet with regard to sexual mores--it was quite different.)I  enjoyed the book and I admire Huxley. But I found the sections of the book  in which characters debate happiness and the meaning of the social order to  be pretty bombastic, no matter how heartfelt."
"The book offers so much to the reader as a true 20th century classic; wonderful writing, true thought on account of the writer, great insight into the lives of the world that Huxley fantasizes, but sadly this world  Huxley has created in his book is quite far from pure fantasy, it is  becoming more and more relevant to our world here in the United States  atleast. Only by reading this book one can understand the true similarities  between Huxleys Brave World and our own. I definitely suggest the reading  of this novel not only to those that love pouring into a book on a sunday  afternoon, but especially to those who already look at our world and  realize that we are doomed for a terrible decline in our morality in the  next millenium."
This novel is a masterpiece of a Utopian novel. Aldous Huxley skill as a social commentator shines out in this terrific novel. Huxley is one of few authors that ha the ability to make the improbable seem probable. Huxley  expresses the negative effects of the advancements in science. It is the  idea that knowledge is power and for those who control and use knowledge  holds the power. I highly reccomend this book for all to read.
"This is a thoughtful book, in which Huxley has used his great knowledge of human relations to bring an eerie reality to this story. This is ones of those books that cannot be ignored. This book was written before the mark  of the Nazi totalitarian state of World War II and used the tool of  conditioning and drugs instead of military terror and might, that was the  basis of George Orwell's ""1984"" that was written after the war.  It was  an exciting look into Huxley's view of society in the future and the social  problems linked with it. Well worth the read."
"A couple of reviews ago a reader mentioned Huxley's world...  What he has failed to realize is that it is our world.In many aspects Huxley's masterpiece reminds me of Baudrillard; mainly apocalyptic culture,  hyperreality, simulation, etc.The ending is fairly underrated in my  mind.  I remember when I was in High School and people complained about the  ending.  Personally the ending scared me, the ultimate shock in my mind.I doubt any of this helped anyone.  I am just too tired right now to  write anything more involved."
"In his book Huxley depicts a future society in which everyone is genetically created to serve a certain task for all of their life.  I agree with Huxley's cry to save the individual.  This book is excelent at showing  what could happen if we lose our diversity.  The thing I didn't like about  his book is the lack of attention he put to his characters.  One of the  styles of the book however is to focus on society as a whole so I can  understand why he shied away from developing his characters.  Still, it was  hard to see what motivated most of his characters.  All in all I though it  was a good book though, and would recomend it to anyone interested in  distopian fiction."
"Critiquing Brave New World is like a fish critiquing water.  Everyone must of course read it, everyone should of course own it.  Ironically enough, this book is one of the major things that serve to condition our own  Alphas."
"Thank Ford for books like this.The second best of the big three modern ""Utiopa"" novels after Orwells 1984.Huxleys bleek vision of a world of test tube babies and ""soma"" (a non-toxic drug which transports the user into a state of bliss)is also a biting satire on the  present,the book is becoming more and more relevant with each passing year.  It is into this world where emotions are controled from infancy and  humans are manufactured with specific jobs in mind that ""alpha  plus"" Bernard Marx brings John the innocent Savage.This book will be  enjoyed by anyone (unless they happen to be an Epsilon or have alchol in  their blood-surrogate).I hope they make it into a ""feelie""some  day."
"The book starts out boringly, but as we move on it catches the reader in such a way that you have to complete it before you can go to bed. If you get through first 50 pages, you will very soon reach the end.The novel  is extremely thought provoking. I feel that the author has given us two  extremes in the shape of Civilized Society and Savage Reseravation. The  ideal society lies somewhere in between the two."
"I was assigned this book for 11th grade British Literature.  At the beginning of the book, it is very risque (especially for an assigned book) for example - the society thinks children are not normal if they don't like  to participate in erotic play.  This book, however, turned out to be the  most fantastic book I have ever read.  I loved it.  If you liked Brave New  World, you'll love The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood."
its a great book..short enough? HAHA!
"Brave New World.  Such a fitting title.  A venture into the reaches of insanity.  Who but Huxley could have imagined such a concept?  Mass production of humans, unlimited sex, legal 'coke'...Although initially  appearing a perfect society , the scene quickly changes as one discovers  his savage side, his human side.  Finding oneself to be independent, and  not 'one cell in the tissue of society.'  Such a society is an  impossibility, and must be regarded as one.  A great read for any sci-fi  lovers."
A brilliant book! It really makes you look at the World differently and think more for yourself.  It should be required reading.
"What seems like a Utopian society at first quickly turns into a strict Communist regime of the future. Comparing today to the possible future, Huxley, lets you analize humanity. A Great Book!"
"Brave New World describes a utopian society with total conformity, where Ford is exalted to prophetic proportions, and the motto of Community, Identity, Stability reigns supreme.  Is such a world possible? The  proposition of total conformity is one of few impossibilities.  The idea  that a world could exist solely upon procreation and driven by primal urges  and electromagnetic golf is simply unattainable, as this novel points  out. Utopian society in itself contains inept thinking that it in  the most simple of terms will never come into being.  Improbability is the  word of the century, as more things fall out of the perspective of  impossibility, they too will fall vitcim to being shoved aside into the  pile of discord. Although I find such a novel impossible of becoming  a reality, it is written masterfully and should be recognized as a novel of  worth. Huxley's dream of utopia(or does the word nightmare apply?) may  never come into being, thoughts such as these have paved the road to  infinity, which man has traversed time and time again."
"Brave New World was assigned to my 10th grade English for summer reading.  At first I was reluctant to read the book, because it looked really boring. But when I started to read it I really started to like it.  I thought it  was a scary thought to think of this as ""the future"", and it made  me think.  Also I thought it was really wierd that Huxley wrote this story  in the thirties.  Sometimes this made the book of the 'future' humerous,  but sometimes it was scary, because somethings are even starting to come  true.  Overall I thought it was a good book and I would recommend it to  others."
Huxley provides a gloom view on utopia.  Absolutely marvelous.  Truely makes you consider why everything is the way it is.
"brave new world is a fantastic book. it succeeds as a negative-utopian, pro-individualist book where 1984 and anthem fail.  this is because it cries out in favor of emotion and reason at the same time. huxley puts on a  pedestal not the solitary human, but humanity as a virtue, with all its  weaknesses and inconsistencies making it truly perfect."
I love the book.  One thing to remember when reading this book is; it was written in 1932.  That makes it scary.  I am not giving it five stars because it loses its appeal after each time I re-read it.
"BNW a novel with many labels: utopian, dystopian, sci fi, a metaphor of the present, a warning of the future, a great book, a companion to 1984...I only half read it in high school. I don't think it should be  part of standard curriculum, just as I don't think Fahrenheit 451 should  be.  Huxley and Bradbury's bursting desire to make the world aware of the  disorienting menace of media and information control is wasted on  adolescents.The book IS thought-provoking, though I wish it had been a  short story.  As such it would never as been as popular: the characters ARE  interesting, but Huxley relies upon THEM to explain everything.  The only  descriptions are left to them, and as storytellers, they all fall far short  of extraordinary.This is not a world I would want to live in.And  1984 is better written."
Brilliant.  Outstanding story along with meaningful message.  Always be ready for the humor that sneaks in.
"I was coaxed by my father to read this book as a sophomore in high school.  Now, six years later, I go back all of the time to reread this book.  It is one of those books that forces you to step back and take a look at your  own life, to see the insanity of your own existence.  The scene where John  finds his mother dying in the hospital and children are going through death  desensitization is so disturbing and difficult that I find myself in tears  by the end of the chapter.  This book is a masterpiece, the best of its  kind."
"It's the book of the century, well, the book of the millenium, well, the best book written since someone picked up a pencil and invented writing."
"I wouldn't call this book ""The best written book of all time,"" but as a reader who finds she reads through ""rock"" books until she strikes ""gold,"" I must say that this was a pretty good rock.  Time and again I've read books that portray their vision of the future, but  to no notable avail.  This book however, stuck with me as POSSIBLE.  Because the general setting and technology is within our grasp (if only  scientifically, not morally) I found it intriguing.  I label this book  ""As realistic as anything possible is"" and rate it (1-10) a  Seven."
This book has many good thought inducing ideas as well as an amazingly provocative plot.  The only problem is starting the book and some of the more gnarled chapters.  When starting the book you have to get in to the  correct frame of mind.  The book does not do this for you.  My other  grievance is with one chapter.  The style in which it is written makes the  reader work relatively hard to concentrate on what is being said.
"Although most feel that it's well written and great, I wasn't able to get into it too well.  My advice...Try it out...I feel better for having read it."
"This is one of the greatest works ever written...it's the perfect companion to ""1984,"" ""Anthem,"" ""F451,"" and other works but goes above them.  ""Brave New World"" and  ""1984"" together though are a powerful combination dealing with  what's important for us today and in the future.  Huxley was a brilliant  writer and there are no words that can be said to express him, ""Brave  New World"" or any of his other works."
This book was one of the best that I have ever read.  Huxley does a great job of posing the possibility of such a world actually existing.  He also brings to mind thoughts of whether or not some of the issues that are  addressed are ethical to the reader.  A great book to read for a discussion  group.
"This science fiction novel seemed to lack the credibility of many other sci-fi books around now. Huxley's incredibly boring and unrelatable characters gave me the urge to yell ""STOP WHINGING!"""
"I really enjoyed this book, especially since I had to read it for OAC English.  It showed how bad genetic engineering could be, but it showed a few positive aspects about it too."
"Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" is an earth-shattering, dynamic, and sometimes genuinely frightening account of evils of a society much closer than we realize.  His foreknowledge of modern society appears  prophetic, and between the shockingly horrifying depictations of this  Socialist commmunity, humor is detectable.  Additionally, the element of  confusion added rather than detracted from the book.  If one pushes through  the first 15 pages, it is impossible to set down."
"I thought Brave New World was a very well written book.  Huxely gives us a view of the world in the distant future, this world is corrupt and without values.  I think that Huxely makes a good point about society and  technology.  We see a world where technology has made people emotionles and  unable to think for themselves.  This is a very relevant topic.  Although  the book was written in the 1930's is is acurate to the trouble we as a  society face in this day and age.  We are often hurt by the technological  and scientific advances that are, simultaneoulsy making us happier and  healthier."
"Huxley's Brave New World offers an unequivocal view of the horror of a Utopian Paradise.  With the depiction of a civilized society as one without free will, Huxley shows the reader that any paradise is by definition void  of free will.  If one does not allow themselves the freedom of truth and  knowledge, there cannot be a true paradise.With the use of a 'savage' to  illustrate the difference between civilization and freedom, Huxley shows  the reader that progress and civilization are not necessarily the goals of  a good society.  Huxley's use of scientific terminology and a bureacratic  government very reminiscent of our own, lends credence to the story as well  as to his vision of a dangerous Utopia taking our society and our will."
"Aldous Huxley's work in Brave New World is really earth-shaking, I believe. No one has more acutely stated the problems of today's society than Huxley, and the scary part about it, is that he did it 60 years ago.  In my day to day life I see unsettling ghosts of the brave new world as it  approaches. Think about it, with cloning now, genetic engineering, and our  ever increasing consumption of drugs. It won't be long before we're popping  soma and conditioning artificial children. Truly a mind-expanding read. I  would recommend it to anyone that has ever been angry with society."
"Although not set in our time context, I find the message in this story keeps slapping you in the face until you get tired of it.  It is well written, but a little subtelty would allow a more complex story line where  you didn't have to hand the reader a moral-on-a-platter."
"I am delighted to have come across another satirical novel written in the same fashion, THE LAST DAY, by Glenn Kleier. In THE LAST  DAY, Kleier tackles the subject of authority in organized  religion with outrageous wit  and irreverence.  LAST DAY is a classic, watershed novel  in the manner  of BRAVE NEW WORLD. I found it a riveting read, and one  that I greatly encourage all Huxley fans to experience"
"This book is more the type to read when you just don't feel like doing anything and want to just sit down and read, because once you pick it up you can never put it down... It is one of the best books that I have read  in my entire life even if I am at the tender age of 15... I recomend this  to any student in high school or if you are going to be in any Analysis of  Lit class in Fairbanks then I know you are going to want to pick this book  for your parrallel reading novel... so if you just can't make up your mind  just pick up Brave New World because it is an awsome book..."
"This book needs to be read by more people. It is, quite simply, one of the great works. A world where foetus's are manipualted to produce certain 'types' of citizens is chilling. And the society itself is frightening. And  yet... it works. When one steps back, the true horror of this book is not  (to me) that it resembles our own society in so many ways, but that it  works, and that everyone is happy. Genuinely happy.Perhaps this is what  utopia is... and we can only pray it never happens."
"I love when an author takes a serious look at the current day and can express their thoughts to future events!  Huxley is a master touching on topics very much in today's society.  Cloning people - Oh, Ford!"
"This is Huxley's masterpiece--the original anti-eutopia of Western literature, and the best.  Setting the anti-technology standard carried through by cumming's poetry and Orwell's prose a half-generation later,  Huxley adopts a sensationalist, slightly racy stance toward his subject  matter: technology vis-a-vis power.  True to his cinematographic experience  (Huxley later turned to film writing), this book is part tabloid, part  far-fetched sci-fi, and all fun.  It's a literary masterpiece to boot, with  substance to back up the style.  A must read!  Buy it today!--Justin  Laird Weaver"
"Is it still a dystopia if everyone likes it?I see that a few people could not quite grasp the concept, claiming a poor story and weak attempts at grasping interest.  These are exaggerations.  While this is no Jurassic  Park or other thrilling novel, this cautionary tale is still  fascinating.However, you must try to understand it.  It's not an  extremely highbrow novel, but it's still a moral story that must be viewed  in depth.This book is the polar opposite of 1984, and so, it is just as  important to have on your shelf.  While Orwell's later rendition of a dark  society showed utter peril and the crushing weight of a socialism gone  wrong, Huxley displayed amazing creativity(Not to speak ill of Orwell's  skill, of course) and chose the reverse--not the classic totalitarianism,  which all know is a threat, but the world of enticement and temptation,  into which victims come of their own free will as opposed to being  brutalized.This is always a possibility.  And when the time comes, will  we be children and live with ultimate physical pleasure and satisfaction,  or will we live the lives that leave our souls satisfied?"
"This book is more than just a book, it is a classic.  In under three hundred pages, readers find themseves disgusted and intrigued.  This intense book provokes an unexplored question:  What is more important  Happiness or Freedom?  You choose.  A world with ""conditioned""  people; humans that are hypnotized to believe they are happy.  With not a  worry, no parents or babies (you were born out of a bottle), no resumees  (you already have a job according to your caste) and no marriage (you can  never fall in love).  Nothing to complain about.  If they do, a little Soma  does the trick.  Takes them to cloud nine.  But things aren't as simple as  they seem....a little visit from the savage John, an unconditioned man,  changes the lives of three human robots living in this dystopia.  But in  the end, it changes his own life.  He finds the truth within himself and  for the world around him.  He discovers this Brave New World."
"This remarkable book is NOT, as certain misguided political pundits would have you believe, a warning about the inherant dangers of cloning or other future scientific advances. Instead it is a condemnation of the sacrifice  of individual freedom and identity that had already begun in Huxley's time.  The genetic manipulation angle merely serves as a framework for the much  more insidious cultural indoctrination and consumerism prevelant in modern  Western society."
"After reading ""Jurassic Park"" of Michael Crichton, the problem of genetics and future have in Aldous Huxley a great spectator. Written in the early years of 1930 it gives us the mentality of the modern world: a  ""global village"" without individuals, only with faces and names.  All equal,  without opinions, without feelings, without the most human  quality: sentiment. A great book, very actual and ""realistic"".  Last question: is Internet, nowadays, the pattern of all human beings? Is  it the factory of new ""babies""?"
"Aldous Huxley's Brave New World is an incredibly fascinating literary masterpeice.  Each time I read it, I picked up something new and interesting to contemplate.  Set in the future, it serves as an incredible  warning of what the unmitigated and inconsiderate use of science might  ""progress"" into. Huxley's fantastic use of detail and literary  strategies such as juxtaposition allow the audience to become involved and  a part of the book. I really enjoyed reading it and enthusiastically  recommend it to any and everyone else."
"This is one of those books that starts off with a great idea, and just never really goes anywhere.  I think the switch in protaganists was unnecessary and took away from the value of the book."
"I do not understand at all what everyone is raving about. Mediocre writing, snail-like pacing, and shallow stereotypes (the semi-rebellious anti-hero, the hard-core Messiah/revolutionary figure, the orthodox  romantic interest, the benevolent omnipotent despot are Bernard, Savage,  Lenina and Mond, respectively) aside, the idea of this book is absurd.  Sure, the denizens of Huxley's Ford-ruled world (and the replacement of  ""God"" with ""Ford""; I found that amusing for, oh, about  three seconds) seem perfectly happy to me, and the book is written in such  a cock-eyes and unbelievable manner that this ""Brave New World""  doesn't seems at all depressing; it just seems like another way to live  life. This is a crushingly pointless book."
Brave New World should not be compared to 1984.  Brave New World is an brilliant philosophy while 1984 is a boring novel.  Thank you.
"Having read BNW a few times, I can't help feeling that it might have been a more successful short story. The opening chapters are gripping and introduce some amazing concepts - such as the Alphas and Epsilons, the  decanting, etc - but after this the pace seems to stall somewhat. On as  slightly different topic, if you liked BNW you might also enjoy Isaac  Asimov's Robot series, which also explores the use of different social  classes, but replaces all the 'slave' classes with robots."
"I was so enthusiastic and worked up to expecting a splendid and original read, but came off greatly dissapointed and got frustrated trying to think of what all the hype was about with BRAVE NEW WORLD.  I tried so very hard  to like and enjoy reading this...but my mind just didn't want to cooperate.  Such a complex and creepy look into a superfical world into this book was  hard to grasp, this just wasn't the type of book I expected.  I prefered  1984 and Animal Farm much more than Brave New World.  I mean, it's hard to  say that emotions can errupture with just a little pill, and vice versa.  Oh well, maybe I'm a bit tuff to give such a beloved classic just 1 star,  but that's what I deeply and truely think this book deserves.  I'll stick  to my old favorites: Eliot, Hardy, Orwell, Willa Cather, Wharton, Dreiser,  and Gustave Flaubert.  Hehe, I never get to tired of my favorites.  Viz., I  didn't like this classic."
"Brave New World is a favorite of mine and has been since my senior year in high school.  Since then I have read it seven times and I find something new in it each time.  The novel presents a view of the world as an  anti-utopian society, where children are ""decanted"" instead of  born and where the masses are intolerant of monogamy.  They switch partners  as frequently and as literally as they change underwear.  Despite this, it  also reveals a society in which the members are genetically prgramed to  their social standing from the time of conception.  No one is unhappy with  his or her place (this is especially true for the lower classes) and those  who object or promote chaos are simply sent away.  As I said, very  interesting..."
"Since Im only in my early teens, I could NOT say this is my favorite book.  Although this is true, it is one of my favorite books I have read in my life.  This book's setting was way in the future. .  Even though this is  true, it could be closer than we realize.  Huxley does a fantastic job of  giving of the reader a description of this Brave New World.  I couldn't put  it down and recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good science  fiction/classic/fiction/action/adventure/suspense/though provoking novel  that will not let you down."
"Huxley's Brave New World is one of those books that changes your outlook on the world, one of those books that makes you think for the rest of your life after you have read it.  It questions the notion of utopia as a place  of ubiquitous happiness, and suggests a higher meaning and purpose to life  consisting of morals and beliefs rather than emotional and physical needs.  This book is at once a little bit terrifying in its potential reality,  pitting reason against belief and understanding of the true nature of  things, but also hopeful in its indication that perhaps people are not  totally incapable of reaching that higher state if they can only understand  and accept that happiness is not necessarily all that it is made out to be.  A thought-provoking book well worth reading."
I enjoyed this book a lot. It was a good read. The idea of this world literary comes alive between the pages of this golden classic. The beggining is kind of mediocre but it just gets better and better. All the  way till the end with a powerful ending leaving you quenching for more.  It  doesn't focus on one character but rather switches between the three of  them. Aldous did a hell of a job writing this and I espesially love the  describtion of all the processes. If you have three hours then spend them  reading this book somewhere cozy:-)
"Thi sbook was a little bit difficult to read in the beginning, but once you read it a couple of times, you get the point it is trying to make."
"This book astounded me, for as I read it, I saw the culture of America that surrounds me to mimic this novel.  Though the book, as a piece of literature, has much to be begged in the ways of plot development,  character development, etc., the mere idea of the story, and its similarity  to our culture have made this a classic for me."
"After reading ""1984"" twice, with great interest, I was  enthusiastic about another wonderfully horrible anti-Utopian novel.  But I  was really disappointed with BNW, supposedly the fifth greatest modern  novel.  The science-talk was too bulky and lengthy and very little of it  contributed to the story.  The characters failed to capture my interest,  leaving me totally apathetic toward them and their trials.  Their  catchphrases (""Oh, Ford!"" and the many subconsciously-learned  rhymes especially) were important to the characterizations but became very  annoying after a while.  At times the quality of the text dropped notably,  well below anything I'd consider to be of any literary value.  Often at  these points the characters, events, and time periods involved became very  difficult to discern.  The plot was interesting but stretched to its  absolute limits, laboriously squeezing every last drop out of the concept.  Since this is required reading for high school seniors, I had no choice.  Had free will been involved, I would have put this away after the first  twenty-five pages or so.  I don't understand why this work is acclaimed at  all, never mind so highly.  But this is of course only my opinion... please  don't send me any hate-mail."
"It's very hard to say what I feel after reading this book. It really made  me think (and feel) a lot. I think I'ts like a prediction about what can  happen to us if we don't take care of ourselves, if we stop feeling or  sharing. It helped me understand many things about life, love, family...  and appreciate much more my life and everything around me but most of all,  this book taught me how important is every ""single"" person in the  world and that everyone is different and not best or worse for that... it's  just the most wonderful taught about life!"
"Is hapiness more precious than truth or science? Will we need to choose  between our identities or the perfect society's peace? In a futuristic  sight of the world, Huxley writes about human's inner doubt: Is the ego's  death the price of building a (functional) equilibrated organization?  (Please, send-me e-mail response)"
"Is hapiness more precious than truth or science? Will we need to choose  between our identities or the perfect society's peace? In a futuristic  sight of the world, Huxley writes about human's inner doubt: Is the ego's  death the price of building a (functional) equilibrated organization?  (Please, send-me e-mail response)"
The intolerence of a native for the hideous modern future condemns his life. Sterility is offered in place of passion. Control is preferred to freedom. Love is replaced with group sex. This account of a plausible future is extremely moving.
"I think this is one of my favorite books.  To the person who ""had to read it for a class"" and thought it was ""terrible"" yet said ""everybody has their own view on it"" -- you just answered your own problem.  You said it ""was very different from anything I had read before"" -- isn't that the point?  Your class got you to read something different.Sorry, I'm lecturing.  This book is wonderful -- a great comment on ""civilized"" culture and an ordered society.  Everybody who thinks things are fine should read this book."
The Savage is one of the most humane characters I've ever read in a book. This book is surprisingly moral from its resistance to what is not right even if it is acceptable to that society. A very interisting look at humans and babies and the abuse of fertilization. Awfully shaking. Terribly good!
"Brilliant.  If you think about it, humanity has never succombed to brutal dictatorship and suppression of the people for extended periods of time as in many negative utopias, but in Aldous Huxley's vision we are done in not by suppresion, but by the trivialization of everything we hold dear.  Read through a few chapters replacing the word soma with television and see how relevant this book is to us.  Read Brave New World then read Amusing Ourselves to Death by Neil Postman."
"I found this book to be far less intriguing than the other two negative-Utopias.  Dealing with a world full of predestined drones, the book tells the story of a savage who is introduced to the ""new"" and ""happy"" world, and is forced to make a choice between it and a life of solitude.I found the characters a bit unrealistic, almost forced into their unfitting surroundings, but the story was meaningful and didactic.  I would still recommend it as a worthy glance into the future."
"I read Brave New World over the summer for an accelerated reader test for my 12th grade year of English.  It's hard to find an acceptable school book that's interesting enough to keep you hooked on reading it; Brave New World is a wise solution.  Although it can be hard to comprehend at times (when they describe the overall landscape of the Utopian civilization), it is  a most interesting read.  It will open your mind to what horrors which may lay ahead for our own civilization.  This book is a must for someone who is tired of reading the same old snore-inducing books of educational experience.  FANTASTIC!!!!"
"This book is moralistic and unique, the characters are comparable to Bradbury's and the overall feel is that the plot is all to plausible, all to possible-- waiting to happen, just around the bend. To tell the simple truth, it gave me the creeps."
"""Life can be understood only backwards but it must be lived forwards"" Soren Kierkegaard, Danish philosopherIf somebody can open your eyes, the legendary Aldous Huxley could!Thank you!"
"I had to read this book for school and it had a great plot.  It was hard to understand at some points, mainly the beginning and the end.  A must for people who like sci-fi."
"Many people have told me that this novel is a bit outdated. I found the book to be slow, yet strangely fascinating in the beginning, and captivating by the middle. It is a classic examination of social ills and evils that affect us now and will continue to affect us in the future. I would recommend it to any senior high school or college student who is selecting a literary work to read for English class. It is also great beach reading, but you need to concentrate on the plot and information in the book, so no dozing off!"
"I found Brave New World to be extrememly creative in the scope of the negative utopia which it portrayed.  Unlike 1984, Brave New World focuses on a more indepth society,though at times more farfetched society, but it is one first novels to popularize negative future society  and therefore Huxley should be praised as the harbinger of a literary genre which Orwell made so vogue."
I read Brave New World in my grade 12 English class but am EXTREMELY glad that I had too. the book was mind blowing. Huxley is my new favorite author! For anyone who likes society the way it is this book will be an insult. I love the sadistic humour that Huxley shows. The novel is over the top and frighteningly realistic. Huxley is a genius. I'll be reading more of his stuff in the future.
"I enjoyed this book very much.  Even though some aspects of the society were hard to imagine or relate to, I found many of the ideas to be very interesting.  I found the society to be very practical in how it was run and with the efficiency in which it ran.  I thought that the characters in the society fit very well.  Overall I loved this book.  I think, however, to fully enjoy this book, you must have an open mind to what could be and not what is."
"What can I say about the second greatest novel of the 20th century.  This is a book that shows just how inhumane and unfeeling humanity can be.  In fact, the novel's 'Savage', who is considered inferior to the Utopians, is the most human character in the book. The shocking ending will leave you reeling.  Truly amazing, my hat is off to the late Sir Aldous Huxley."
"Ok, sure, some stuff was wrong in his ""prediction."" That was not the point.  Huxley wrote this book to compare where he thought society was going; and to warn against the evils of totalitarianism, happiness/art vs. science, diminished family values, and control of free will.  This was not boring as some people may have thought -- I thought it was until we started discussing it in my 9th grade english class.  This is science fiction at its best!!!!!!!"
"I read ""Brave New World"" as an assignment for my 8th grade class, and I loved it.  The way Aldous Huxley portrays Lenina, Marx, and Savage could be viewed almost as a warning of what our lives could become.  Comparing this with Shakespeare was one of the most enjoyable assignments I have ever had to do.  ""Brave New World"" is wonderfully unique and I would advise any age group to read it."
"I thought this book was boring and pointless. I was forced to read it for school, and I hated every minute of it"
"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is a surprising story written in its time period.  It talks about the future where everything is ""perfectly"" manufactured so everyone is the same.  There is a social hierarchy where your place in life is determined before you're heart even starts beating.  Then according to your class, your mind is warped to think that you have the best life out of everyone even if you were the lowest rung on the ladder.  Then after being coaxed into this life, the ""savage"" world comes to surface.  This story tells about a shift in perspective when the truth comes to light. This narrative was written in the 1930's when genetics and test tube babies weren't even known.  Yet, the author has the imagination to think of ideas similar to this and the ""assembly line"" of human reproduction where it is a version of the assembly line that Gerald Ford used to build cars.  The assembly line is a lot alike the test tube babies that we have today.  In test tubes, genes are taken out that are unwanted and new ones are put in to produce a perfect person.  The ""soma"" is also another aspect of the modern world's daily life.  The soma of Bernard and Lenina's time is the depression medication of today.  When you're feeling blue take a couple of these and you will feel better.  It is what society depends on to be happy. Most authors would write the future as hovercrafts, spaceships, and other distant planets.  However, Huxley had a different point of view.  This fascinating book tells the story of how the future might have been from the perspective of 1930.  Surprisingly aspects of this book are so familiar with the everyday happenings of today."
"Huxley's Brave New World is a classic sci-fi, which comes frighteningly close to reality. It is a marvelous psychological satire on humankind's social mores and behavior at its most extreme and corrupt. Sadly, preconditioned reflexes are also part of our modern society. Bombarded as we are by mind-bending advertising and fashion-influenced behavior, Huxley's Brave New World is closer than we think. If only we did think more about the world taking shape around us all, like Huxley must surely have intended when he wrote this powerful Sci-Fi critique. It sometimes seems we do not ponder enough. There are certainly very few such thought-provoking sci-fi books, which point a frank finger at our global society's thoughtless ways. However, I am glad to say that I did find such a new sci-fi. It is definitely for those of us who like to think a bit while reading an entertaining tale and are starved for such books. It is entitled, ACCUSED BY FACET-EYES (author C.B.Don) and it addresses our contemporary environmental challenges in a fantastic sci-fi format. Much like the enlightening Brave New World, this brand-new, 21st Century novel also left me with a lingering sense that a more thoughtful approach to our actions on this planet is badly needed!"
"Aldous Huxley is an intelligent  person.  He has a back-round  in psychology.  This becomes very apparent in a Brave New World.  The use of psychological evidence and theories makes the story interesting and at another level.  It pulls this novel away from the rest of your typical Sci-Fi writings.  Psychology is seen in the opening scene, with Bernard's life, and with customs.  In the opening scene in the novel, there is a tour that takes place.  It is not only a tour for the students in the novel, but for the reader as well.  This is a formal operations style of learning for the reader.  He or she is learning as they read.  During the tour, the reader is introduced to the learning process of the offspring. The people of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre use Ivan Pavlov's Classical Conditioning.  The use of an unconditioned stimulus (flowers) lead to the kids to be happy.  Than a conditioned stimulus (very loud and frightening bell) lead the children to a controlled reaction of being frightened of flowers.  After time and time again, the children pick up the unconditioned reaction of being frightened of flowers and screaming.  This shows that the offspring can be conditioned to serve just about any purpose.  Bernard's life has many psychological principals involved.  His life shows the cruelty of society as well.  He is an outcast due to his physical stature.  There is no acceptance for someone like this in this world.  He turns to a cult.  He still feels very much like an outcast.  Bernard is struggling in an early stage of crisis.  He is much to old for it.  Bernard is struggling in Erik Erikson's Identity V.S. Role Confusion.  He needed to make an identity for himself, but was unable to.  The customs of Brave New World much different as those of today.  They use a social approach of psychology to live there lives.  Also, a behavioristic approach is taken.The social approach of cultural differences is different, but also the same.  We have God, they have Ford.  We both worship, but two very different things.  The cultural differences have changed into the world found in the novel.  Behaviorism gets involved with the surroundings.  The environment that the children are brought up in, will make them who they are for the rest of their lives.  It is a situation that could realistically occur.  The opening scene of classical conditioning shapes the reader for the rest of the novel.  It gives a sense of direction and knowledge for the life forms in the novel.  Bernard's life of being an outsider makes him fit his role in the novel.  The customs of the novel follow a psychological order to make the novel.  Huxley has a very familiar back-round in psychology."
"Aldous Huxley is an intelligent  person.  He has a back-round  in psychology.  This becomes very apparent in a Brave New World.  The use of psychological evidence and theories makes the story interesting and at another level.  It pulls this novel away from the rest of your typical Sci-Fi writings.  Psychology is seen in the opening scene, with Bernard's life, and with customs.  In the opening scene in the novel, there is a tour that takes place.  It is not only a tour for the students in the novel, but for the reader as well.  This is a formal operations style of learning for the reader.  He or she is learning as they read.  During the tour, the reader is introduced to the learning process of the offspring. The people of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre use Ivan Pavlov's Classical Conditioning.  The use of an unconditioned stimulus (flowers) lead to the kids to be happy.  Than a conditioned stimulus (very loud and frightening bell) lead the children to a controlled reaction of being frightened of flowers.  After time and time again, the children pick up the unconditioned reaction of being frightened of flowers and screaming.  This shows that the offspring can be conditioned to serve just about any purpose.  Bernard's life has many psychological principals involved.  His life shows the cruelty of society as well.  He is an outcast due to his physical stature.  There is no acceptance for someone like this in this world.  He turns to a cult.  He still feels very much like an outcast.  Bernard is struggling in an early stage of crisis.  He is much to old for it.  Bernard is struggling in Erik Erikson's Identity V.S. Role Confusion.  He needed to make an identity for himself, but was unable to.  The customs of Brave New World much different as those of today.  They use a social approach of psychology to live there lives.  Also, a behavioristic approach is taken.The social approach of cultural differences is different, but also the same.  We have God, they have Ford.  We both worship, but two very different things.  The cultural differences have changed into the world found in the novel.  Behaviorism gets involved with the surroundings.  The environment that the children are brought up in, will make them who they are for the rest of their lives.  It is a situation that could realistically occur.  The opening scene of classical conditioning shapes the reader for the rest of the novel.  It gives a sense of direction and knowledge for the life forms in the novel.  Bernard's life of being an outsider makes him fit his role in the novel.  The customs of the novel follow a psychological order to make the novel.  Huxley has a very familiar back-round in psychology."
"Aldous Huxley's prediction of future societies in his science-fiction classic Brave New World is formidable, yet enlightening. This novel portrays a futuristic society in which people are literally grown in bottles and, once they leave them, only continue to live dull, regulated lives, depending on drugs, such as soma, to alienate themselves from any problem that could ever face them. It is amazing to see how our society is slowly conforming to one man's perception of the future, especially since he wrote these predictions over seventy years ago. People will soon be able to be ""bottled,"" or cloned, and many in today's society have already taken drugs to ""escape"" from this world. The only downside of this singular depiction is my complete revulsion for this future society. I believe how Huxley has portrayed this society is beautiful and allows readers to fully involve themselves in it, but the society itself is sickening. The people within the society don't actually feel, allowing them only shallow, egocentric personalities. By taking the drug soma, the characters rarely have an actual problem to dampen their conveyor belt- like lives, contributing to an unconventional trait of this novel. This novel deliberately relies on stagnant characters, instead of character development, like other novels, to achieve its effect. Unconventional or not, this book keeps a reader interested with its vivid imagery of what has become our reality. For this, it has become one of the most influential books for many people, especially for a high school student such as myself, attempting to further her reading. I feel all people should make an attempt to read this book just to experience a unique, new view of the world and to expand the scope of one's future reading choices."
"In 1932, the mind of perhaps the most original and well-rounded thinker/scholar of the 20th century gave us a glimpse of our world as it could be six centuries After Ford (A.F.), or about five centuries from now.  In forecasting this ""Brave New World,"" Mr. Huxley however made one judgment error, that of time.  Whereas genetically engineered ""Bokanovsky Groups,"" conditioning centers, artificial food, feelies, Soma, electromagnetic golf and Riemann surface tennis, World Controllers, savage reservations, and the fanatical maintenance of physical youth into old age are the rage in the world of 632 A.F., today we already have Dolly and the know-how to clone other mammals; the all-pervasive and hyper-influential media; artificial food and vanity-induced body part upgrades; virtual reality; Prozac and Viagra; a plethora of far-too-realistic computer games filling our living rooms, arcades and exponentially growing centers of ""joy"" such as Las Vegas; ridiculously greedy and corrupt CEOs of unprecedently powerful global corporations; incredibly poor city ghettos and rural areas; and of course the recent craze for the face-freezing and wrinkle eliminating fountain-of-youth serum Botox.  Do we really need another five centuries to finish the last 10 % of our journey from Huxley's world of 1932 to the future of his novel?Mr. Huxley takes the reader for an unforgettable tour of the Brave New World, gradually showing us that even in an environment where genetically, biochemically and psychologically induced happiness is the sole societal goal, misery still persists and destroys.  In his typically brilliant fashion, the author contrasts the psyches of four outcasts from the ""utopia,"" each of whom is alienated from the ""perfect"" society to a vastly varying degree and for a very different reason.  The interactions amongst these four outcasts and between them and their Soma-Bokanovskied la-la land society forms the core of perhaps the most important and relevant novel written in the 20th century.  No, it is not the best written novel of the last century (although perhaps the wittiest), but it is the one that all of us should read and re-read - I just finished my third reading -- until its central message really sinks in: we must each do everything we can to avoid the ""welfare-tyranny of Utopia"" that most certainly awaits us otherwise, if it isn't already here.Oh Ford!"
"This was one of those books that I know that I should have read, half convinced myself that I had read, told everybody that I had read, but in fact hadn't.  I finally got around to it.  Although Huxley's novel might not merit the label of ""great literature,"" it is a book that has exerted an amazing influence on the intellectual world of the twentieth century and in light of recent events, remains as relevant as ever.  Huxley's world of science gone amuck - where traditional ideas of morality have been forgotten, where new birth is gestated in bottles on conveyor belts, where individuality has been annihilated, and where well being and hope are dispensed in a pill - has conveniently served the purposes of those who like to argue their own political, economic and moral stances.  Thus, those fervent proponents of capitalism and the western traditions see Huxley's utopia as a perfect model for those ""ungodly"" communist and socialist states where the individual is sacrificed for the common good; those same socialist and communist proponents see this same utopia as a model for the greedy capitalist states where consumption and exploitation have become a religion; and those moralists among us, of course, see the Brave New World as an example of what happens when traditional values of family, sex, and marriage are cast to the winds.Huxley approaches his subject from the viewpoint of a scientist and the style of the novel is that of scientific exposition.  Little concern is given to character development or to the use of descriptive prose to create atmosphere or emotion.  The plot plods along just like one of the conveyor belts in the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Centre, and just when the reader gets a little weary, the author astutely throws in a bit of titilation to re-gain the reader's flagging attention.Even this reader sees Huxley's utopia in a special way.  After the events of 9/11 it appears that the American public, conditioned by the present administration, has made security paramount in their lives.  Huxley's World State's motto is COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, STABILITY, all of which seems innocuous enough.  These traits can be viewed as being admirable.  But this motto is much more than just another motto; it was created as an aftermath to a cataclysmic war in which anthrax bombs were exploding with a sound ""hardly louder than the popping of a paper bag.""  The Resident Controller for Western Europe, musing on the war, states that ""liberalism, of course, was dead of anthrax.""  I just hope that this pre-occupation with security will not create a new motto for a new American society, one that sacrifices individual liberties for the notion that we must be secure above all else, a condition ephemeral at best.  Huxley's world, as he was to remark some years after the book's initial apperance, is probably closer than anybody could have imagined."
"It has a great and seemingly accurate vision of the future. The books message seems to apply to our times a lot more each and every day. But the story telling is slow and boring. It isn't paced at a very good speed and the whole deal about ""savage reservations"" was so unrealistic it was annoying. I liked the book but i definately don't think it was GREAT. It should be in the library of people who like to read but for people who just read for fun: BORROW THIS BOOK FROM YOUR LIBRARY."
"Much has been conjectured about the prospect of Utopia. Moreover, the lack of it is equally puzzling. Since the 1930s, not much progress has been made in way of a Second Eden.  The slightest petty annoyance would have to be solved through the instantaneous release of popping a pill, for even mild societal upset would never do in Paradise and only sprout anarchical roots. Soma is the direct remedy to this conundrum, as Huxley readily admits, the benign and needle-free heroine guaranteeing a variety of ""Life Lite"" for dieters abstaining from reality. Huxley's experiences recorded in both ""Heaven and Hell"" and ""The Doors of Perception"" later detail the groundwork. Happiness, ever elusive, may only be achieved by its allusion; nominally, to convince people they are happy indeed. Hypnopaedia has potential for effectiveness certainly, provided that the opposers, sub-groups, etc. are gradually wiped out. ""Benito"" is doubtlessly a reference to Mussolini, a foreshadow of the coming day, heralding Communism, Socialism, and the other world powers attempting to achieve the mantra ""everybody belongs to everybody else"".  Lenina Crowne offers the slightly questioning character representative of the reader who silently questions social strategy, but isn't so concerned as to miss her next Recreation Party. Moreover, why do readers accept Huxley's Utopia when it has not been fulfilled in its nearly seventy years of preemptory discussion? For the same reason it interests them; the grass is perpetually greener on the other side of the proverbial fence, though where that boundary shall be drawn remains yet unknown. It is fulfilled in a sense by the act of reading itself. Helen Keller is correct in surmising that literature is utopia, though it may be more accurately described as a form of self-indulgent urban escapism. Literature itself is able to assume the unattainable perfection of daily life that our reality lacks.  It pretends no circumstance is too outrageous or too wonderful, seamlessly binding the tragic and the impossibly good. We accept these ethereal musings because they are fiction, the figment of another tangible human being's roving imagination, thus fulfilling our own. We yearn to believe that a perfect society on earth has the potential of existence, if only for those few vacuous moments on the written page.  Literature isolates the wishful thinking of all men: that the abstract qualities of perfection are somehow physically attainable. Imagine for a moment the magnitude of a utopia.  The world might be perfect, but would the human race be perfect in it? The answer lies in the greatest works of fiction themselves, generally a resounding negation which only reaffirms the basic engenderment of reality.  In the beginning, we're enamored with a new book, uncracked spine, smelling of fresh ink and Starbuck's coffee. We eagerly fall into someone else's world like Alice down the white rabbit's hovel, stealing away in our spare minutes to turn a few pages during the lulls of the day, and become progressively more or less enchanted as the story climaxes to a turn of events which we may or may not approve, a hermetic passion demanding sacrificial comfortable chairs and adequate lighting, the occasional pair of gold rimmed spectacles. Sooner or later, at the average approximation of four hundred pages, the book will end. The reader's opinion will have been formed, usually summarized to the effect of  ""solid plot, poetic storytelling, mediocre ending"", in laymen's terms. And the vicious circle, half price and half satisfying, begins anew with Oprah's latest selection of the month. In the volumes of critically acclaimed paperbacks, record breaking bestsellers, and classic works ""of epic and timeless proportion"" printed on cheap paper, lies the infinite potential of a fruitful quest, another chance at positively locating, identifying, and yielding our particular yen.  Throughout history, the unanimous craving for a happy ending is the only enduring theme not available at your local café/book nook, leaving the reader hungry for more than one volume's words of wisdom, but one hundred and one prospective opportunities of recognizing life's essence in black and white.Moreover, the act of reading fine literature, short stories, or even the daily novelty of the newspaper, vaguely fulfills a nostalgia greater than ourselves. An inherent and indefinable necessity of mankind is the purpose of belonging. Idealistically, one reads the soul of the writer through his work, presuming he has any talent whatsoever. Be his ephemerally fated topic the romantic wooing of literature's immortalized Romeo and Juliet, the magic realism constituent of tumultuous but certain joy in the Buendia` family's solitude, or the fully recyclable, daily disposable, read-it-once-and-throw-it-away newspaper heading informing the world of some great event no one had considered yesterday. Life's daily joys and sorrows stew in a common melting pot, a recipe from a cookbook with cosmopolitan ingredients equally enjoyed by citizens of the world, a base point from which strangers may understand each other.The reader's vocabulary is enriched, temporarily infused with the colorful expressions enumerated by a geographically diverse writer. His mind expands to another part of the world, guided along the cobbled streets of Medieval England, the worn footpaths of Macondo past Catarino's store on the Street of the Turks, the back alleys of Boston's Lower West Side or Germany's East End. In the quietude of one's own home, in the universal hubbub of the rush hour, a secondary entelechy is obtainable in an 11x8 inch square, not unlike a withdrawn office cubicle where the world makes sense because of a laptop and a corporate policy manual, but thanks to the benevolence of the author and Cliff's Notes. As proclaimed on an amazon.com bookmark, according to Christopher Morley, ""When you sell a man a book, you don't sell him twelve ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him a whole new life"".Or at least, the prospect of a Brave New World."
"This is an incredible novel of world-shattering truth. Although Huxley’s prophecy might seem a bit over-exaggerated on the external side, the internal moral is one that our society today should pay heed to. At the time that Huxley wrote this novel, he foresaw our society becoming increasingly materialistic to the point where, as he shows with the overuse of soma, people would block out their emotions and pain by turning to methods once considered immoral (such as sexual promiscuity or the use of drugs). This society would be one in which moral values would change to fit the people’s current needs, thereby making religion seem an unnecessary thing of the past.His most important point, however, is the fact that through our need to continuously fulfill our materialistic desires, we will lose all sense of being. That which makes us human—-the ability to feel love, and to be free—-will be taken away because we will no longer be able (or even willing) to tell what is false from what is reality. Although the citizens of Huxley’s new world might think they are truly happy, they never really have a chance to know what happiness is. The image that they are given is one of being constantly high on soma, and being carefree and relaxed. After all, “One cubic centimeter [of soma] cures ten gloomy sentiments” (Huxley 54).The inner-lying truth of this novel is somewhat hard to accept in a society like ours, because materialism is so prevalent, and “keeping up with the Joneses” has become almost a nationwide competition. What we need to keep in mind is exactly what Huxley tries to warn us of; a desire to always have and be the best can very easily turn against us, and will be our ruin if we do not maintain a sense of morality and humility.This is a book that everyone should read. I guarantee that it will have a profound impact on the lives of its readers."
"First of all, I'd like to say that I'm frustrated by people's comparisons of soma to prozac, ritalin, etc.  Anti-depressants do not make one ""trip out"" at all, especially not like Huxley's soma.  They are not escapes from reality.  I'd compare soma to some street drugs, but never to medicine that helps Attention Deficit folks function like normal people, or to the mood stabalizers a mannic depressive person might need.  I understand that people are trying to say that Huxley's vision is today, and while there are significant similarities, the world within the book is not our world.  A possible future?  I seriously doubt it, but that isn't an invalidation of the present-day issues this book brings attention to.That said, the story is very interesting.  I've only read it once, and haven't had any intellectually stimulating discussions on issues it brings up, but the possibility of such discussions gives great value to the book.  It flowed very well (except at the end of ch3) and was enjoyable.Early in the book I was drawing parallels to Orwell's ""1984"" but the similarities for the most part disappeared around ch7.  Huxley's characters are much more real than Orwell's in my opinion, and I followed the plot with much more interest than I did with ""1984"".  I could connect with each character; I felt like I was inside thier minds, not because Huxley tells us so much what they're thinking, but he shows it (as in ch6 in the  Lenina/Bernard incident).  Each character is believable and alive, and that more than anything keeps me engaged.I liked the way the characters were introduced and how I couldn't seem to label any one of them as The Main Character.  I also couldn't define a ""good guy"" and ""bad guy"" because there was no right and wrong view.  Everyone was justified in thier own way.  Sure there aren't families and monogomy, but no one saw anything wrong with that.  The people didn't desire fundamental societal change, and those who did weren't executed or anything, they were given opportunities to live within environments compatable to thier wants and needs.So hey, it's a good read, especially after attemping Dicken's ""Great Expectations"".  =)"
"Brave New World is a downright chilling book. It is far more terrifying than any other book I have read. The horror in this book come from the fact that Huxley presents his vision of the future in such a way that one cannot decide weither it is good or evil. Adding to the horror is his description of the Savage reservation and of the society of Alphas experiment. These two things are meant to represent our current society. He presents the unsavory choice between our world with its violence, disease, and sorrows and the future world of castes and conditioning.  People have commented here and in other places that the residents of Huxley's Brave New World are not free. This is not entirely true. The future people of Brave New World are completely free in their world because they do not know that it could be different! This is what makes Brave New World so difficult for me to categorize. Are the Epsilons oppressed? No, because they cannot know anything different than the way they were made. Yes, because they did not have a choice in becoming an Epsilon. Is it wrong to sacrifice freedom for stability and peace? No, because then there is no war or hatred. Yes, because there is no independant thought. Is it wrong to desire the future that Huxley presents? No, because there is no war, disease, hatred, violence, instability, or sadness. Yes, because there is free sex, drugs, no freedom of thought, no parents, no old, no past, no history, no God, no change, no love? All these questions are raised when one reads Brave New World. None of them have clear answers. I see trends toward Huxley's future in our current society. Commentary on Huxley has generally concluded that it would not be a good thing for our world to become like Huxley's. Why? Would it truly be so terrible? The people of Brave New World know nothing else. What exactly is it that is so terrible about Huxley's future? Is it Brave New World an evil world? I cannot decide this. That is why Brave New World is so terrifing to me. This is absolutely a m! ust read book."
"I'm currently in eleventh grade in high school.  A Brave New World was a suggested book to read because of the content and reading level.  I loved the book, and that's saying a lot considering most students hate the books they read in high school."
"These 3 books are 3 of my all time favorite books. Read them, look at them, notice an iteresting continuity between them going from Clockwork to 1984 to Brave New World. Read and think, pretty mind blowing when you sit down and ponder them."
"Second-rate in terms of literary merit, ""World"" nevertheless does present interesting ideas.  Wrong, but interesting.  Although Huxley portrayed a society which pursues happiness above all else as inherently dystopian, in retrospect I don't think I would decline a chance to live like the characters do, after all life is finite and hedonism is only bad if you cant afford it.  To Huxley's credit, ""World"" was written before 1945, after which it became painfully clear to everyone that no one was going let anyone be too happy for too long.  Worth checking out."
"In my opinion, this is quite the book.  It is a bit scary, though; because of how plausible it all sounds.  The basic premise is this: it's a perfect future society where people are made into who they're supposed to be, common grunt worker, or intellect.  Also, people are conditioned by listening to the same thing every night, to believe that it doesn't matter if someone dies, because society lives on. If something does threaten this perfect society, there is always soma, the perfect drug with no side effects.  Well, Bernard Marx and Lelina Crowne go to a ""savage"" reservation, to see how people who aren't in ""culture"" exist.  They stop there, and meet a young man named John.  It turns out that he is actually a civilized person who grew up with the savages.  They learn that his father was a man Bernard knows and dislikes intensely.  So they bring John back to civilization, partly to ruin Bernard's enemy's life (you have to understand, ""mother"" and ""father"" are considered swear words.)  They also do it partly to do experiments on him, to see if he has any conditioning, since both his parents did, but he hasn't.  When he first gets to civilization he thinks it's great.  Then he starts to realize that everyone is basically a zombie high on soma or civilization, and that no one really thinks on their own.  The price for the perfection of society is art, literature, religion, and God.  When he sees twins being conditioned not to care about his mother's death, he sort of snaps, and to see what happens, you'll have to read the book.  I give this book a very high review, and part of the reason is it seems like it could happen.  Right now, obviously, we don't make ninety-four twins from a single fetus, or put alcohol into the fetuses of the babies we want to be dumber.  People can already pick if they want their kid to be a boy or girl, though, so it's not that big of a step to make their kid smart or stupid.  I really liked most of this entire book.  The only problem! , and it was very slight, was that parts of it were pretty hard to understand.  Maybe that was part of the ""atmosphere"" or something.  Another thing I liked was the ending.  It was not a happy ending.  I'll just leave it at that for those of you who haven't read it.  If you're into science fiction, future doomsday stuff, or good literature, this book is for you."
"Huxley portrays a perfect society, where everyone is healthy and happy. Disease is non-existant, war has ended, and everyone has plenty of free time, with nothing to worry about. This is an excellent book, and I highly recommend it."
"This book disappointed me some in the middle and impressed me greatly at the end.  Originally published in the 1930s, ""Brave New World"" can only be more relevant today.  However, one does get tired of the ""1984""/""Brave New World"" faith in an all-wise authority able to crush so thoroughly human freedom.  At the end of a 20th century which has seen much real life totalitarian government, we can witness that no man-made institution has proved as skillful as in Orwell's or Huxley's dysutopias.  It is more like the totalitarian governments have been more sluggishly brutal and mindlessly inept!  And even as one will find plenty of people in ""consumer societies"" ready to drug themselves senseless and to live only for pleasure, so you find plenty of people who still live for the beauty of the poets and according to the wisdom of the sages.  I also suspect most people were not so much wiser or appreciative of beauty and philosophy in the 19th century and earlier.  Huxley lady protests too much, methinks.  Nevertheless, the part when John the Savage confronts the Controller is literature of the highest rank; and I look it as a powerful statement more to individuals than to societies.  But all the test tubes and talcum powder and soma and banalities seemed to me artistically inferior to the stark brutality of Orwell's ""1984."" It is interesting to see how much Koestler's ""Darkness at Noon"" and ""1984"" and ""Brave New World"" and Bradbury's ""Farenheit 451"" feed on each other!  But I wonder if we have not exhausted this genre?"
"The wonderful thing about Huxley  is that  his supreme intelligence delights -- but never intimidates -- the reader. One is aware of being dominated , but pleasantly and ineluctably, in much the same way as one is overwhelmed by the playing of a virtuoso of the calibre of Jascha Heifetz or Glenn Gould. "" Brave New World""  is a characteristic product of Huxley's playful  genius.  One marvels at -- envies!  -- his effortless resourcefulness and elegant prose.  All these superlatives apply to any Huxley novel.  But in BNW he achieved the virtually impossible feat of producing a work whose content exceeded the elegance of form that came naturally to him, thereby establishing his literary longevity. To echo one of my fellow electronic correspondents: Bravo Aldous! -- John L. Bell."
"Huxley portrays a ""perfect"" society, where everyone is healthy and happy.  Disease is non-existent, war has ended, and everyone has plenty of free time.  Everyone knows there place in society.  The ""perfect"" society has paid the price for stability by getting rid of things like religion, art, and love.  Excellent book, not nearly as predictable or linear as I had expected."
one of 3 major negitive-utopias i`ve read. this one tells of the dangers of cloning and the possibilities that could happen if we let some obssesive power freak take control  of the ability to clone people. I`ve noticed that Televison is alot like conditioning. it repeats untill it sticks in your mind. (shows you the power of suggjestion!)
"The biggest difficulty in reading ""Brave New World"" is to understand that it doesn't refer to the future, the past or the present.  It refers to the reality of human beings and to the reflections about it.  A good advice for those who want to start it is to read The Republic by Plato before it, and to be surprised, after finishing it, by the large number of points they have in common, and that ""Brave New World"" is not just a Science Fiction Novel (poor is the man who is blind to his own senses).  The sacredness of ""Brave New World"" is to show humanity that all the solutions and salvations we are looking for in  technology are completely useless if we can't distinguish between our problems and our blessings."
"Sex and no love, babies and no sex, prozac and no emotions.  Human cloning is the only missing ingredient to the fulfillment of Huxley's stunning prophecy - and even that's just up the road a stretch.  Frighteningly accurate.  Downright eery considering it was written in 1932.  This was the first book that made me realize anything is possible in the pages of a book.  It went on to prove that man truly is limited only by imagination - and even Huxley's wildest imagination may be surpassed by reality long before even one century has elapsed.  Chalk one up for ""Life imitates art.""  Bravo Aldous."
"Huxley's novel has an enormous impact on the public because of his technological ""prophecies"". However, I found more interesting the trend of our society towards the social role described on Brave New World: no liberty, no spirituality, hedonism, etc. This classic is a must."
"This is a truly prophetic book. Not only does Huxley describe the drug problem present in our own society(soma), but he also talks about test tube babies,fertility treatments,genetic tampering et al. It`s almost as if the author built a time machine and went to our present.Forget what they say about Brave New World being a vision of the future. It is really a vision of our present.Having said that, I also consider Huxley`s caste system to be the next development in our society."
"I just finished reading Brave New World for my English class and I must say the premise itself was intriguing. A society were the words mother and father are viewed a smut, and drugs are taken as an excuse to avoid feelings drew me in. But what I found really didn't interest me. The book felt a little too rushed and needed to be drawn out more. The last few pages were good, but they didn't conclude the book enough for me. The conversation between Mustapha Mond and John was wonderfully insightful, explaining the reasons behind the brave new world, but the relationship ended there. Overall a great idea in a decent book."
"Aldou huxley was a remarkable writer. And perhaps this book, was his great novel. Like Burgges with the An Clockwork Orange, he became a Science Fiction writer, he create an atmospehere, that now almost 20 years later, we can be in to. The artificial kids, the regulation of the birth. And us who we gonna become the wilds. The conversation between the General of the world and the wild, with the explanation of the reasons why the start to control birth, it's for me one of the greatest lines in modern literature. He, somehow knew the way story will go, and he wasn't wrong. Sometimes i think we all must give an apologize to Huxley."
"I read Brave New World because I really liked 1984 and some people recommended it as similar.  I really have to dissagree.  Whereas 1984 had a plot, characters and a point Brave New World had none.  It is basically a description of a futuristic world with this bit thrown in about The Savage.  The Savage is a strange combination that Heller made up of religion, primative life, and something like voodoo.  Not a very impressive book."
This was the best sci-fi book I have ever read.  I suggest it to anyone who loves science fiction novels.
"I'm reading ""Brave New World"" for my Freshman Social Studies class.  We read ""1984,"" then ""Animal Farm"" both by George Orwell.  I wish I had read this book first, then maybe I'd have thought better of it.  Compaired to George Orwell, Aldous Huzley can't write.  I've got about 30 pages left and I'm on-line trying to find an easy was to write my paper that's due Monday.  I can't sit still, concentrate, and keep awake long enough to finish the book.  It's got a great message, and to some Aldous Huxley might be concidered a genious.  But I've read better books."
"For those of you who saw the NBC version of this, the book is much better!  While the movie had that sappy ending, the book cuts no punches.  I'm 15, and I think I grasped this book pretty well, so anybody, and everybody can, and should read this book!  Very good!"
"This is a book which was written in the 1930's and had dramatic insight to the hippie revolution and even now with the genetic copying of species like Molly the sheep.  Even though experimenting with halucinatory drugs in his life, Huxley was still a  genius and visionary.  He should deserve the utmost respect."
"this book was a bit slow starting out...but i think that was a good technique to show the lack of life in Society...then, in the scene when Lenina seduces John, the book really came alive...life, Life, LIFE!!!  It was like society was a recipe ade without salt....and then John had the ""salt"" and while it was not always a good thing, it added flavor...the shadow that defined that on which the sun shone...then, when i put the book down i had the creepiest feeling that i was not safe....worse than Faulkner or a horror-movie...Brave New World is awesome"
"Most people have never heard of this book.  A book which, in my opinion, is better then Orwell's 1984.  Brave New World is an illustration of Huxley's prediction of the world after Henry Ford makes it possible for mass-production of the automobile.  The world, as Huxley preceives it, is run by Ford and the Controllers.  Humans are born in test tubes, Promiscuity is encouraged and  Soma ( evidently prozac) is taken regularly.  Huxley's future is a future where the word ""Ford"" replaces God and Lord...where the words ""Mother"" and ""Father"" are considered dirty and inapproriate.  All together his portrayl is terrifying, his descripitions of events: horrifying, and his new invented concept of ""Everyone belong[ing] to everyone else"" (Huxley), is outrageous.  Recently; however, NBC has turned this wonderous classic into a sorrid love story of chaotic endings.  Those of you who have seen this movie and now think that that is what Brave New World is really about, I urge you to think again.  Read the book.  Close your eyes and imagine.  Step in to  A BRAVE NEW WORLD."
"The Key to understanding the meaning of this book are found within Aldous' eyes. To know his life and the history of his period, that is, the substance of his projection, the associations are clear. What experience,-what fuel, kindled his vision? This question is key. And realizing this, one is not as tempted to grade Huxley's prophetic accuracy. An awareness of how people conversed during his period is also helpful in reading some drawn out dialouge. What may seem boring to the young reader today, was rather brazen in his day. Respecting these differences is key to the analysis of intent.  Also, any knowlege of his other works will also allow a better grip on his psyche. Point Counter Point and The Doors Of Perception are a couple. I was assigned this book in high school and have since read it a few times. I found a biography at a yardsale that's from 1973. It was written by Sybille Bedford. What a life ole Aldous  had. This provides great insights into his perception, his times, and his visions."
"Having read this book for a high school English class about 10 years ago, I recently stumbled across it and decided to read it again.  What struck me this time around was that Huxley's vision of ""Utopia"" was not as purely evil as it is often portrayed, but only excessive in its manipulation of every aspect of its citizenry's existence.  Nor is the Reservation that John was raised on some sort of idyllic throwback to a happier time in human history, for it was just as unforgiving of difference, of variation from the norm, of free thought, as the ""civilized"" London. This time, I read the novel as an appeal towards finding a medium between these two extremes.  That's what John set out to do at the end, to find a way of life that he felt that he had earned and that he deserved through patience and struggle, and not handed to him because he was decanted as a certain category or denied him because he physically differed from those around him. Huxley's greatest prophesy was the way the Savage's struggle was turned into entertainment for the masses.  Our own culture seems to have become just like the one in the book, where if it isn't recorded and broadcast to the masses, it doesn't count.  A world where every intimate detail of the private life of an individual is deemed the property of all, valid to commented upon and ridiculed, subverted and manipulated to fit the agenda of anyone who so chooses to use it."
"although the ideas and concepts that huxly thought up were astonding and tantilizing, sometimes he seemed to drift off and lose the whole meaning.  maby i feel this way because i'm on;y 15 and i was forced to read this book rather than choose it.  but i believe that huxly had potential for a wonderful book but brave new world was not."
"This was a boook that I really enjoyed reading. It was interesting to see how Huxley saw the future and what he thought it would be like. He did a great job with the details and the characters in the book. I usually don't like scientific books but this one was very interesting and well written. I recomen this book to everyone. Althought it was confusing at times, it was fun to read and I didn't mind that I HAD to read this book."
"A moral warning for those who would accept the erosion, then substitution, of religion and piety by govenment and rationalist-humanism."
"Aldous Huxley may have a been an indulger of hallucinogenic drugs and had some morose thoughts but his novel, Brave New World, is amazing.  Despite the fact he accurately predicted prozac and ridilin with ""soma"", he knew quite a few pertinent traits of human nature.  If we were given perpetual ""happy drugs"" wouldn't it be too tempting to toss it out to the intolerant masses? The conditioning of people is, while dehumanizing, a plausible possibility to satisfy lower classes' boredom and grief.  Ignorance is most definitely bliss.  Huxley asks us if happiness and proficiency are the only important questions in society.  John the Savage arrives with beautiful ideas of art and lost culture, most notably his amiable obsession with Shakespeare.  The beginning is slow but effectively disturbing; however, we are soon drawn in by the ""Woody Allen"" personality of the musing, negatively ruminating Bernard Marx.  Lenina reveals the ""slacker"" in all of us who wishes not to think, not to know, and simply enjoy themself for granted.  Some reviewers have complained about the lack of original characters or meaningful plot.  This novel is supposed to be satirical, forewarning, and cathartic for thinkers.  The discussion between Mustapha Mond and John is fantastic and thought-provoking; it is like nourishment for speculative minds.  John's fatal suicide represents the essential tragic nature of man.  To understand government manipulation and the reality of the human situation this novel is a must-read."
Your worst nightmare. Look into the eyes of a gridlocked friend. Do you need soma (sic)?
"Brave New World is, if not my very favorite book, is probably within the top three.  I learn or notice or glean something new from it every single time I read it, and at this point I've read it maybe a dozen times.  I also connect things in it to other literature, and the way it connects with Fathers and Sons, a tedious Russian novel, really helped me survive the reading of F & S. (For those of you who have read both and want to know what the connection is, get this: the society in Brave New World, as material and self-serving as it may be, is nihilist, just like Bazarov.  Think about it.  If you want to discuss, email me.)This book could not be better in any way. Readable and frightening."
"Most reviews of this work center around the apparent accuracy of the predictions, and their effect on society.<BP>  I wondered about that as a teenager, but now, my sense of ""me"" is coming more into question as I read the book over and over <BP>  Unfortunately, I believe that the issue for us as a sociey is that there is so much technology archiving so much knowledge AND experiences of all kinds, that it is becoming almost impossible to actually HAVE and individual life (or at least the ""feeling"" of a unique existenace. <BP>  John Savage's ultimate conflict arose out of his inability to adapt to the new bio-social order.<BP>  OUR greatest dilemma may arise when we wake up as John Savage, only to discover that society has seen or been made aware of three or four previous ""John Savages"", thus everyone knows how we will act, react and ultimately die.  THAT is a meaningless life.  To exist only as a parallel perception to a previous person in the mind of all you meet - so that - try as you might, you may NEVER be able to develop your ""self"".  This proliferation of technology is wonderful for expanding the mind, until we all become one mind.  THAT will be how we lose our identity. And when that day comes, may God have mercy on our souls"
"YESTERDAY afternoon I opened the door of this 'Brave New World' to take a look around.  I never left the book until very early this morning, and even then I could not sleep.  Why?  This book opened a new realm of possibilities and issues that I could not let rest.  They occupied my mind, and even now, a day since I read this book, are lurking still.When presented with a book about the future one tends to believe that the book will dissect the technology that would be available then.  This formula makes for unexciting reading.  However Huxley, in this book, does not dissect the future in this way, but rather in the little ways.  The little relationships between 'normal' people, just like us. All in all the book is mostly about the effects of the pasts choices on the future.  The past chose machinery over god, chose Hollywood style films over Shakespeare, chose drugs over thinking with full control of mind, and chose relationships which don't deserve the title and progress over a loving family.  <b> The frightening things are that it seems that the present can be found in this book in between the two, leaning more and more towards the ironical new world. I shall try not to ruin this book for you.  This book exposes the journey we have to take, the choices we have to make.  The miracle of the matter is that this book relates to use today more then Huxly's time.  How could he know?<b> I'm not sure I understand yet.  I'll let you try to figure it out for yourself."
"This is not our future.  This is our present.  Huxley pulled out his crystal ball and told of a future to come.  This world wants nothing that cannot be proved scientifically (much like our present).  They are cold and love nothing but their leader, their free sex, themselves.  They are also cosmopolitanistic, everyone being members of the world rather than regions.  They wish for a government-rationed drug to ameliorate the problems of the people, actually allowing for the ignorance of their own problems.  Life, human dignity, family, love, hate; all of these concepts can no longer be defined in all seriousness without laughing out of nervousness. What if your essence came from a test tube?  What if ten last names existed for two billion people?  What if promiscuity were normal and expected?  What if you slept as a child with morals drilled into you as you slept?  What if your life began on a conveyor belt (possibly never really leaving)?  What if your existence in the socio-economic status was determined before you were even born?  As you read this book you will see that this is our world in a rudimentary sense.  And as you read this book you will find that many of what Huxley writes about is hauntingly true.  For instance, the laws of our multi-dimensional world break down into a mere height-breadth world over the Internet, as there are no regions of neither space beyond this nor time, as anything including visions and plans for the future can be accessed with the greatest of ease.  People in the poorest conditions delve into television to forget their problems.  Others allow themselves into the interenet to do it.Mr. Huxley also pokes the ribs of the newly-formed U.S.S.R. with names such as Lenina and Bernard Marx (keep your eye on this one; he proves quite interesting).  The entire time he also makes fun of religion and reverence in the world, with Ford as the central figure.This novel takes place in the future, known as 632 A.F., our equivalent of 2349 A.D., in what was once Great Britain, and in many different places at once, often flipping from one scene to another without much warning, so keep at it.  The caledar doesn't tend to make for too many difficulties, but the Great Britain influence is a presence that may trip you up.  I believe you will thoroughly enjoy the book, or you will be so frightened of what it says that you will wake up at night in cold sweats.  Either way, it is entirely enlightening, and you can definitely say that it will ""flip you out"" or ""messed you up,"" whichever coloquialism you prefer.  Trust a disembodied Internet ""voice"" and purchase it.  If you honestly don't like it, I'll buy it from you; I wouldn't mind reading it a third time.  (I would love to hear personally what you have to say or ask [if need be] on this or any other book."
"truly a classic. if you havnt read it, go now you still have tim"
"When I read Brave New World, I was a fifteen year old teen in my 10th grade English honors high school class.  I read that book in two days.  Now almost seventeen, I still am intrigued by the book.  I've recommended the book to all my friends.  Not to say that having very promiscuous sex is good but I believe there are two types of sex in a human's soul.  Lust and Love.Aldous Huxley is simply incredible for writing Brave New World at the time he did.  There are so many things about Brave New World that can be analyzed and criticized.  The Brave New World is a world of pure ecstasy and euphoria, someplace where some of us wish we could be.It's like a heaven but still a sin.  I recommend this book to everyone, from school teachers to preachers to government officials to your average American mom.  People need to learn how to expand their minds.  Whether it be with drugs, or to the acceptance of homosexuality.  Strive to take in knowledge."
"Huxley's masterpiece "" Brave New World"" warns us of a scaring future: the State in complete control of mankind, from birth to death. Huxley shows how easily this can be done, mostly by providing the people with their desires (sex, safety, health, etc). Another very important method is not to allow people to have children (in fact, the word ""mother"" is most obscene) or even longlasting relationships, thus preventing the existence of any strong afections. This is also basic in George Orwell's 1984. Both authors clearly perceive that, in its effort to be heartly accepted and obbeyed by the everyone, the State must destroy all feelings which might be stronger than people's love of the Government. In both books, people prefer happiness (or security) at the expense of freedom - of action as well as of thought. Both societies explicitly condition themselves not to question the State, but to accept it as a need. When will we begin to question information as it gets to us? When will we choose freedom? When will we begin to deny Brave New World"
Reading this book rendered me incapacitated and winded at the thought that all the effort I've put into my life will be for nought.  In the future everyone will be nurtured and conditioned to fit into a certain group that will dictate their behaviour for the rest of their lives.  This truly is a horrific portrayal of the future.  Just because of the sheer banality and inanity of it all.  Let me be a savage in the world of the alpha-minus' and epsilon semi-morons and they would not know what hit them.Huxley's vision remains fresh now as the day he wrote it.  The cadences of his prose flourish with the resplendent description of the future.  I have never read a book of this nature and had such a cathartic experience.  Read and enjoy.
"Huxley and his Brave New World has a permanent place in the annals of literature.  It is forever mentioned in the same breath as 1984 as a warning of the dangers of dystopic society.And as Dystopia, it works very very well indeed.  Whereas Orwell's dark world is essentially sateric and unlikely to occur in toto, Huxley's world is all too easy to imagine coming to pass.  Humanity segmented by ability into roles they cannot surmount.  Unrestricted procreation turned into a violent taboo while sexuality is made readily accessible.  And most of all... a world where everything is designed to make you happy.  All the games and work and social groups are meant to keep everyone feeling very close and happy with each other and themselves, with drugs a last resort to ensure a holiday.Part of what makes the Brave New World frightening is that no evil mastermind is at its head.  Its leaders believe in all the principles their followers do, and if freedom, individuality, art and science are sacrificed onto the alter of perpetual group happiness, well, is that too high a price to pay?  If so -- don't worry about it.  Have some Soma.  Relax.  Be happy.Sadly, the text of the work doesn't live up to the concepts of the work.  Huxley's expositional style is weak, sounding almost like an old time radio announcer barking out description and editorializing all at once.  There is little subtlty in the Brave New World -- everything is painted with a broad brush, to ensure maximum effect at the cost of readibility.  The dialogue never really rings true, either.  If this were written today, it would have trouble being published.But it wasn't.  And if far more sophisticated and technically proficient examples of Dystopic fiction have appeared since, it is due in large part to Huxley and his Brave New World, who paved the way by daring to sound the hardest warning of all -- Death by Happiness"
"Brave New World is a masterpiece. Aldous Huxley has given his readers a new look into a reality that is quite possible. The book is the story of a future world where all true emotions have been either obliterated or are controlled by the government. Nobody knows what a parent is and the thought of a mother and father is considered horrifying and repulsive. People are conditioned from birth to act certain ways and think certain ways,  even the jobs they will have are decided for them. The is also the story of a few desperate people trying to understand whether their lives are really happy at all and even worth living. In the end a decision must be made that will truly decide the price of real human freedo"
"In the world, the brave new world, where Bernard Marx lives,  people are produced in test-tubes in a laboratory. Sex and soma, the drug that doesn't give you any bieffects, is the main things in life. Everyone belongs to everyone, marrige isn't to talk about, just have sex with anyone you want to, all people on Earth are happy. Is this really the way this planet will end? Even considering the fact that everyone is happy, or rather believe thay are happy, this book is scary.  Today even more scary when these scientists have cloned the sheep and things like the ones in Brave new world aren't as unbelievable as they should"
"Imagine a world.Imagine a world that is a bio-engineered,pre-conditioned,drug-assisted pseudo utopia.A world where family, individuality (in thought or in action) and solitude are strictly curtailed or prohibited. A world where consumption was a mandate to be strictly adhered to and where drug-assisted pleasure (more the avoidance of pain; of facing hard realities) was a societal norm. Imagine if you can a world where personal relationships extended no furhter than the sexual realm and where words like `father',`mother',`children'and `family' were unmentionable and abhorred. Imagine these and other controls (by the state) existing all in the name of social stability. Social stability through individual stability. Individual stability through genetic pre-destination and mental conditioning. If you can imagine this nightmare pseudo-utopia ever occurring (I believe we have all the ingredients in modern society to make it happen) then you have some idea of what this book `Brave New World' is about. It is amazing to think that this was written 60+ years ago and some of the things written about have or are about to come true. Read it to see what I mean."
"Huxleys perceptions of the world yet to come, in his era, is extaordinary.  He uses the concpt of the invention of the automobile as the pinicle turning point in history when man grows utterly dependandt upon technooligy.  His prediction, although not totly percise, hold many truths in todays world.  This book is a must read.  Never have I read a book that has made me feel anxious, scared, enthoused and utterly disturbed all at once"
"Aldous Huxley grips the mind, and keeps you locked to this book as he describes a future, one which is completely homogenius and conformed. Practices like artificial conception and genetic tampering are the standard in this uniform society, where very few choices are allowed, and questions are rarely heard. Huxley skillfully describes this gloomy premonition in incredible detail, and in many instances, including artificial insemination and genetic altering, he predicted the actual future. If it does nothing else, this book should send an ominous signal to today's society.This book is a must read!<BR"
Brave new world was a dark forcast of the dreaded utopia that shall come to pass. It is a wakeup call that is long overdue. An excellent use of writing to make a statement
"I've read this book four or five times. It makes no particular predictions  for the future; rather, it savagely satirizes its era and ours--the  antithesis of the banal ""1984"". Those readers who dismiss  ""Brave New World"" merely reveal the shallowness and mediocrity of  their own thought and vision."
"Considering this book was written in 1932, Brave New World contains  visions of the future that have alarmingly already come true.  Huxley  described a world where people are ""born"" in a science lab and  predestined for a specific purpose; now, we can clone animals and allow  parents to (with some accuracy) choose the sex of their child.  Huxley  accurately predicts the increase of recreational sex and drug use and the  way society no longer ""needs"" God.Like Orwell's 1984, the  prophetic vision of Brave New World transforms it from a good story to a  great classic.  It shows how a world overly devoted to stability can become  a living hell.  Like the savage in the story, we can learn to say,  ""But I don't want comfort.  I want God, I want poetry, I want real  danger, I want freedom..."""
"What's good about it is Huxley's vision - who cares if it's plausible or  not so plausible, because it's interesting and vivid, and that's enough.  If you want to evaluate the plausibility of it, fine, but the result has  little bearing on the quality of the novel.  That said, everything else  about ""Brave New World"" is mediocre.  The plot seems convinient  (not to mention boring), and once a few chapters have passed, Huxley just  ceases development of his vision to instead focus attention on characters -  who end up being underdeveloped anyway.(If you haven't read it yet, I  still suggest you read it, and judge for yourself.  But I wouldn't buy it.)"
"Brave New World is one of the most insidious works of literature ever  written. Huxley's classic has come to serve as the false symbol of any  regime of universal happiness. The knee-jerk response of ""It's Brave  New World!"" to any blueprint for chemically-driven well-being has  delayed research into paradise-engineering for all sentient life."
"I have read this book many times and I still love reading it.  I always  get something new out of it.  I had to read it the first time for my  freshman english class, and I have read it every year since.  I have found  that the secret to understanding it is not to read it as a prediction of  the future nor as the fictional novel, but somewhere in between.  There are  countless messages and warnings to society that Huxley conveys through the  story.  You just have to be open minded and ready for a different type of  novel.  For all of you who had to read it once and hated it, try reading it  again sometime when you are ready to understand where the author is coming  from, what he is trying to say, and where you can apply it to your own  life."
Thinking the world could ever be like the vision of Huxley makes me a bit  nervous. People should always have the right to choose their own way of  living - unless they do not get other people involved in things they don't  want to be in. Etc....
"To the twilight covered hillside, They came from every side, Those who  knew not death, Had never wanted, never cried, To watch a madman  dance.Society so sick, so shallow, Adults starved as children, Now  watched in curiosity, With their questions of why and how, Their  conditioning left to chance.Solitude unscrupulous, And socially a sin,  Isolated everyone, In bottles from within, They die as they begin.Their  factories turn out and out, The essentials of their lives, And as the  worker bee survives, They swarm as one within the hive. And in synthetic  placitude they grin.As a student in 1984 I read this book for the first  time and as I finished was immediately inspired to write the poem above.  I  was moved by the Savage John's grief and passion for life as a free  thinking and feeling individual who opted to take what everyone else felt  was the hard way.  To not mask pain, feelings of isolation etc. with an all  encompassing ""happy pill"" called ""soma"". The future  world that is a happy dream to its residents was, unmasked, a nightmare in  disguise to an unwary outsider."
There is actually a summer reading book that I actually enjoy!I love  the idea of that kind of Utopia.  Very intriguing because we see it like  hell but the people really think it is perfect.HMJ :)
"First I'd like to say is that this book is well ahead of its time in terms  of ideas and messages.  When I discovered it had been written in the late  '30s (I was halfway through the book at that point) I couldn't believe it.  It reads like it could've been written in this decade, and the technology  described in the book is practically attainable already.  Huxley's ideas  are good:  that if social and technological trends continue, we could end  up in a world with no individualism and no love. However, I have  problems with the book as a work of literature.  The prose style isn't that  good (although I've been reading a lot of Joyce lately... I wonder if that  hurts?), the characters mostly just annoy me, and to top it off, the book's  message is presented in a completely unsubtle fashion.  When John finally  kills himself, I wondered why?  Was his death supposed to finally convince  us, if the previous 260 pages hadn't already done so, that the future  Huxley describes isn't worth living in?  I was pretty well convinced after  about 50 pages.  Or was John supposed to be some kind of martyr?  If so, he  failed, since the people in the future are obviously happy and it had been  established in his conversation with Mond that they couldn't be changed.  Which brings me to the characters.  In a work like this or 1984, I need to  have someone who's outside ""the system"" (socially) that I can  identify with.  In 1984 I can identify with Winston for most of the story.  In Brave New World, I couldn't identify with anyone.  Just when I thought I  could identify with Bernard (intellectual who gets no chicks :) he either  turns into a sniveling whiny loser or rejects all his ideas so he can sleep  with more girls.  Helmholtz didn't appear enough to be able to identify  with him, and his laughing at the mother and father concept bugged me.  And  John, who seems to be the one I was meant to identify with--how can I  identify with a completely uneducated savage who alternately quotes  Shakespeare and beats himself?  Ultimately it just didn't work for me on  the level of 1984, to which I (perhaps unfairly) compare it in my mind."
"A future dependant on stability not individuality.  Interesting and  stimulating descriptions of a society that thrives on delegated tasks,  genetically mastered class systems and the more than occasional soma  induced holiday.  ""A gramme is better than a damn"" The character  development at some points lacks the needed punch; however, the involving  plot and thought provoking scenarios more than make up for loosely  developed players in the novel.  Every read brings yet another point to  ponder, and I have read it more than thrice - the topics cease to end!  Enjoy"
"Very compelling well written work.  Make you think just what a ""perfect"" society really is. Must we lose our human qualities to reach the so called utopia?"
"This classic dystopia is a must-read for anyone interested in society and science and what it means to be human.  Sadly, many people forget the lessons put forth in this book, and continue to attempt to push for ""advancements"" including Frankenstein-like horrors, from growing fetuses for spare parts in the future to unbridled genetic germline engineering.  Great book, well-written and plenty of apropos issues."
"This novel is set in A.F. 632 Approximately seven centuries after the twentieth century. A.F. stands for the year of Ford, named for the great industrialist Henry Ford who refined mass production techniques for automobiles. I liked the time period this took place and that it was names after henry ford. The world is ruled by World controllers who ensure the stability of society. To ensure social stability, a five-tiered caste system ruled by Alphas and Betas has been created. The labor force comes from the lower three castes, known as Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons. I liked how the labor force came from the lower castes of society. A drug called soma ensures that no one ever feels pain or remains unhappy, and it is rationed out to and used by every member of the caste. Social stability is further ensured through the use of pre- and postnatal conditoning.I didn't like how the book opens with the director of the central london hatchery and conditioning centre giving a group of students a tour of the facilities. I thought they should have waited till later in the book. They view the various techniques for producing more babies and watch as babies are segregated into various castes. After the babies are decanted from their bottles they are conditioned. They use Hypnopaedia to teach the children ethics. I didn't like how they used this to teach them ethics. While the babies are asleep ,ethical phrases are played numerous times so that the phrases will become a subconscious part of the each person.The world controller of western europe, his fordship Mustapha Mond appears and gives the students a lecture about the way things used to be. Before the Utopian world was established, he indicates that people used to be parents and have children through live birth.This led to dirty homes and families in them where emotions got in the way of happiness and stabilty. I agreed with this.Bernard marx is introduced as a short, dark haired Alpha who is  believed to have accidently recieved a dose of alcohol as a fetus. I didn't like how his coworkers talked about him in derogatory tones. Bernard had a crush on lenina Crowne and she informs the reader that he asked her to go with him to the Savage Reservations serval weeks earlier. Lenina has been dating Henry Ford Foster  for the past serval months ,but since long term relationships are discouraged , she agrees to go with Bernard Marx to the Reservations. I liked that she made this descision."
"Brave New World by: Aldous HuxleyHuxley shows a world where everything is planned for you from your birth, which is in a laboratory. The life you live in the ""New World"" is filled with feelies and soma. Everyone conforms to society except for the main character Bernard Marx who doesn't all ways think that what everyone doesn't is the right thing. He is interested with the savages and the way people used to live. When he brought the savage back from the reservation the real problems started. Marx didn't think it was right to have multiply partners and when he would speak up about his thoughts he would be given drugs or laughed at by other.I would recommend this book to high school age students. I really enjoyed reading this book, it was very thought provoking and I think teens need books like this to learn to question things and not just go along with everyone.The book is filled with drama, I couldn't believe some of the things I was reading and the way they lived their lives. The characters in the book were what made it so good because they truly believed that the way they were living was right. I can't say that I connected with any of the characters but you could see them develop and really got to know them through out the book. Huxley used many allusions in his book to things that we know in out world right now, such as Ford and The Bible. It was interesting to see what people in their society thought about them."
"I feel that 1984 and B.N.W. can be compared as long as one admits that each has vast differences that make each equally special to the literary world.1984 is a straightforward, easy to read, entertaining tale of a dim future.Brave New World is more philosophical and a harder to read than 1984. However, if you are willing to stick with BNW--afterall it's not THAT long--you'll come away amazed at the book.What makes BNW so unique is that it remains accurate and possible even though it was written nearly 70 years ago. Huxley did it just right.This story is humorous as well as bleak, and one can eiasly see how our modern society is quickly entering into a society much like the one found in the, ""brave new world.""This may be among the best s.f. books ever written--along with Dune--and should be required reading. Often, it is. No doubt in a hundred years or more, this book will become a main part of the s.f. cannon. Or, however, if Huxley's predictions are true, Our Ford may not allow it.Afterall, it IS a tad old. (read to find out why this is funny)Summary: Go read it already!!! It's worth it."
"I really liked this book, it was great.  It is a must-read for anyone interested in sci-fiction books, or just really great books.  I enjoyed it thouroughly.  Even though it was not recently written, it is still a future you have to watch out for, and you can still relate to the characters and get into the situations.  After reading the book you should watch the movie"
"I read the book 'Island,' also by Huxley, and loved it. So I picked up this one, heard it was a classic. Couldn't agree more. The ending was a bit confusing, though. What was with the feet? Anyway, it was great. A real timeless masterpiece, whatever that is. It definitely made me think. If I was the savage in that book, would I choose that horrible civilization where babies are made in bottles, or would I too go off and live in a lighthouse? This isn't a book that is easily forgotten, and I think that is the reason that it is still popular after all these years.P.S. I noticed Huxley makes a lot of drug refrences...soma...moksha...TRIPPY!"
"Brave New World Aldous Huxley takes us on an adventure into the future to witness society's possible outcome in his famous science fiction novel, Brave New World.  Written in 1932, Huxley presents society a century or two ahead of time, predicting the capabilities of mankind with the consistently rapid development of technology.  Huxley grasps imaginative readers and provides them with opportunities to expand their horizons in predicting the future. Taking place in London, society is set up in a Utopian form of government where everyone is treated the same.  In the novel, feelings such a love, sadness, and gladness are not accepted; instead, people take a drug called ""soma"" to stop their mixed feelings and make them forget about their problems.  Babies are no longer born to their mother and father; instead, they are born in predestined nurseries, and there are five different types of people:  the Alphas and Betas and the Gammas, Deltas, and Epsilons.  In a communist type government, each type of person is conditioned and trained to know their purpose and job in life at a young age by using repetition of words on the infants.  I found this method used by Huxley fascinating as it closely relates to many experiments used by the famous Sigmund Freud such as the salivating dog.  Every time he rang a bell in front of the dog, he would give the dog a treat and the dog would then salivate.  Eventually, the ringing of the bell alone would cause the dog to salivate, even if there was no treat; this is impressively the type of conditioning that Huxley uses on the people-they are experimented on by the use of repetition physically and verbally. The structure of the story is in third person and is shown by many different characters from the book as many characters play crucial roles in the famous novel.  Bernard in the story symbolizes the famous communist leader Karl Marx as he strives in the story to keep everyone equal no matter the circumstances.  ""Ford"", the higher spirit that everyone worships, represents Henry Ford where the people are treated in an assembly line fashion.  The lusting Lenina is a sex symbol that represents the image of people avoiding their problems with sex and drugs; no one faces their problems, they all turned away, especially Lenina.  Lenina is an object to men, the woman that every man wants to sleep with.  Main character, John, also known as the  `Savage', is an important factor in the novel as he's from the normal civilization that we basically had in the past with the Native Americans. John is taken into the `New World' and attempts to express to the people the meaning of emotions and different feelings, but everyone is extremely confused by his way of life and are more entertained than convinced.  Another important character in the story is a man by the name of Mustopha, one of the ten world controllers.  He displays himself as a full believer to the communist ways, but deep down he wishes the structure of society were different as he hides religious literature in his office such as Bibles and scriptures.  Mustopha tries to tell himself and the Savage that the new way is better, "" [...] And if ever, by some unlucky chance, anything unpleasant should somehow happen, why, there's always soma to give you a holiday from the facts.  And there's always soma to calm your anger, to reconcile you to your enemies, to make you patient and long-suffering.  In the past you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort and after years of hard moral training.  Now, you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets, and there you are.  Anybody can be virtuous now.  You can carry at least half your mortality about in a bottle.  Christianity without tears-that's what soma is."" Huxley may shock readers with his incredible predictions of the future society as he proves to be on the right path.  In fact, Huxley is so accurate that readers criticized his work when Brave New World first came out, claiming that his work was way out there and far too sexual; but taking a look at the casual sex in our generation today, Huxley's on the right track.  In Brave New World, the Savage attempts to help convince the people of London that their ways are unhealthy and that they need God to reflect on their lives, ""If you allowed yourselves to think of God, you wouldn't allow yourselves to be degraded by pleasant vices.  You'd have a reason for bearing things patiently, for doing things with courage."""
"This book is really well written.  I loved it.  I have to say though I am a little sick of people trying to ban it.  This book, while written a long time ago still has relevancy today.  Even if you are not in the mood for a ""heavy"" book, it is still a good read.  I think anyone who wants to consider themselves well read, should read this book."
"Aldous Huxley has won a prominent place on my bookshelf with this book.  The book was a surprisingly easy read that I found myself fascinated by, and I ended up completing the book in just one evening.The book presents us with a view of the Utopian world of the future, but things aren't quite what the people of this world would like us to believe.  People are stripped of their individuality and are expected to conform for the good of the community.The book has a number of important messages about the present and future, as well as communism and human behavior. A number of people really dislike this book because they put it off as ""too weird or utopian"".  However, if you enjoy the book half as much as I did, you'll walk away with the feeling of being glad that you read it."
"I recently reread Brave New World for a college freshman english class.  I definitely think I enjoyed it better the second time because I took the time to analyze the story.  I think Huxley paints a terrifying picture of a future without individual freedoms.  The absence of disease, old age, sexual repression, etc. was certainly attractive.  Although the society seems to have no problems or ills, none of the benefits outweigh the lack of individual freedom or free thought.  Members of the society are conditioned to the point where their thoughts are not their own.  These thoughts are responses that the Controllers have deemed to be appropriate for the entirity of society to learn.  Also, members of this society are not allowed to choose their occupations.  They are conditioned from their creation to unquestioningly enjoy their jobs with no possibility of change.  This does not seem ideal to me.  I would never give up my right to choose my fate for a seemingly easy existence.  The world in the book is devoid of life because it eliminates the pain and loss that is an important part of our existence.  I don't want the easy way out.  I want the full monty."
"The Brave New World was an assigned reading for an English class.  At first I didn't know what to think, but in the end, I liked the book.  Although I don't agree with the exact concepts of the book, it was very interseting and kept my attention.  The book presented ideas that most of us don't ever think about.  I don't think that I'd ever want to live in such a world, but reading about one was fun.  It's one of the best books I've read in quite a while.  It seemed to have a little bit of excitement, mystery, fact, and certainly fiction.  I think one of my favorite moments was when John began throwing the soma out the hopsital window.  What excitement it was to see him finally stand up for what he believed in!  I didn't like the ending of the book as well as the rest, but it seemed appropriate to have John kill himself.  It was his only escape from this society.  At first I thought this book was crazy and hopeless, but in the end, I enjoyed it a great deal.  It may have even opened my eyes a little more!"
I really did not like the book. The author got somethings right about things today. But anybody predicting the future gets something right.I was bother by the lack of God in the book.
This book can be related to the society in whole. Most books can do this. Some things bother me about the book. I was mostly confused what his point was while I was reading the book.I really did not care for it. NBC
"This is a good book.  The only thing that I did not like was the ending of the book.  Although it was symbolic, it left you hanging and wondering what would happen next.  The interesting thing about this book was that, Huxley wrote it so long ago that he could not have possiably know what was going to happen in the future.  The funny thing is  that the book is starting to come true in some ways.  Recentley, scientist have made advances in the study of cloning and been successful in recreating animals.  This book seems like a prophecy of sorts."
"I found this book to be quite an interesting read. I find it kind of scary that someday our world could actually come to this.  Living in a world where you could not think for yourself, feel any emotion, and were conditioned at birth to do one specific job is not my idea of fun.  I found a few sections of the book hard to follow at times, but overall I really enjoyed this book."
I thought that Brave New World was a strange novel. I think that the style of writing is different but the main idea behind the book was intersting. I think we are in between both our world and the new world. This book was definitley weird but interesting.
"I am a reader of non-fiction, and I guess I never really learned to appreciate works of fiction.  I have a hard time applying their relevance to the real world.  Every now and then, I attempt to read an ""acclaimed"" piece of fiction, and the results are usually the same:  I feel like I've missed something.  I prefer to learn about and ponder the ""horrors"" of today's reality by reading history and current events.  I find there is more history that I don't know but need to.  Reality is far more bizarre than anything that Huxley or Orwell can dream up.  By the way, I prefer Orwell's work to Huxley's.  I found this work to be very light reading and somewhat entertaining."
"I thought this was a pretty good book, and would redcommend it, but there wasn't really that much of a plot. A gripping and frightening view of the popssible future of mankind, although not that likely."
"I didn't read this book back in high school, so I decided to read it now. I can see why it is such a popular book by English Teachers.  The scary part is that is not that far from the truth.  With enough mix of dictatorship and genetic technology, and we're already half way there.  The use of drugs to take us on ""vacations"" is already here in the form of Valium, Prozac, Ridilin, et al.  For those that skipped this book in school, try it for fun.  You won't be disappointed."
This book is one of the greatest books of all time. The predictions are so possible that it gives a chilling attitude toward the novel. I read this book for the tenth grade and it is now my favorite book!!
"I'm 16 years old Uruguayan student that happened to come across Brave New World not long ago. I must admit I had to read it a couple of times with a dictionary at my side as it is confussing sometimes... but anyway I'm glad  I decieded to read it.This interesting world, not very far from ours is  ruled by ""soma-happiness"", leaving feelings aside, playing to be  God (or Ford as you wish) manipulating people's life before they are born,  a life that Alpha, Beta, or whatever caste he/she results to be, should  live happily. It gives us a glance of what a world like this might be. As  far as I can tell this is a must read for everybody, specially if you like  science-fiction."
"I thought The Triumph and the Glory was my epic reading experience of the summer, but a professor encourage me to read Brave New World and it blew me away!  This book is so prophetic, it simply exudes wisdom and a chilling  knowledge of human nature and the dark roads we can go down if we don't  strive for higher ideals and recognize our common humanity."
"This book is a classic. Not because it is the best written book of all time, although being pretty good. It is the fightening parallel with our own world that is so scary.Aldous Huxley dreamt up the scariest vision  of the  future he could, satirizing the trends in people he saw. The result  is so much frighteningly closer to our own world than to his. Huxley hardly  missed  anything.His is a world of constant noise. Life is filled up  with meaningless entertainment and drugs that mean that people don't have  to think about anything. Everyone assumes that their world is great. They  are told so, and can't think differemtly. People now are more easily led  than before. People sit and watch primetime TV, which is so very much  mindless entertainment. ""Things are better now...""This is a  world of asthetic perfection. Huxley satirizes the cult of the youth and  beauty by having everyone look beautiful. And no one visibly ages past  about thirty. Look at the beauty industry. Look at the infomercials.  Everything is geared to play on people's insecurity about their age. Women  can't be a natural size without the media telling them they're fat by  spreading size 0 models over everything we see.Huxley's world is one  where everyone is born on a conveyor belt. Sex is only for pleasure, not  reproduction. The use of artificial insemination and the rise in the use of  contraceptives mirror Huxley's vision (not necessarily in a negative way,  of course.)There are so many further parallels. Huxley's nightmare  dytopia is not so far from our reality."
"Brave New World has many thought-provoking ideas. To dream up an utopia in Huxley's time is genious, but the story is not. I read this story for eighth grade, and though it had some things that i'm sure no one had ever  thought of before then, they have now. It's not good enough to have a good  ides, you have to write well, too."
"This was a very good book.  I thought 1984 was a bit better, but the future Huxley presents is much more likeable.  I don't know why people always say this book forcasts a bad future.  I mean, if you're an Alpha or  a Beta plus, life sounds really good.  Read it.  If you liked 1984, you'll  like this.Thanks"
"Huxley's well-loved foray into cynical predictions about the future is a semi-enjoyable read that, while very good overall, remains very overrated.  Huxley's tale lacks focus where focus is needed, and persists in dwelling  on areas that it doesn't need to dwell on.  Ultimately, you are left with a  story that should have been compelling, but ends up being rather  empty.Odd that today's high schoolers seem to prefer this over both  '1984' and F 451, and this novel never reaches the stellar heights of those  masterpieces."
"The books first chapter is an amazing and truely thought provoking on that all people should read and consider if we are in fact moving towards it.  But from there on out it's pretty much crap.  The story is uninteresting  and seemingly pointless, containing far to many coincidental events."
Sci-fiction has a habit of becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy. The book will make you wonder and hope it doesn't happen.
"Just as simple as it sounds. The best book I've ever read, and it would be very difficult to beat. Sincerely, the best of all times!"
"It might be easy to spot what aspects of our society Huxley is satirising, in his heavy-handed way, and take THEM seriously; but it's impossible to take Huxley's society seriously.  He undercuts his own earnest  world-building in order to get a cheap laugh.  Worse, he leaves out crucial  details which might give us some clue as to what's going on.  That we  aren't told whether or not Huxley's Brave New People are really happy, is  fair enough.  That we aren't even told enough to be able to deduce whether  or not they are happy is inexcusable: it undercuts any possible moral  Huxley may be trying to impart, and believe me, he's certainly trying to  impart some moral or other.  (He scarcely stops trying long enough to tell  a story.)  George Orwell was another left-wing British writer inspired by  Yvgeny Zamyatin's ""We"", and his vision is vastly better - as is ""We""  itself."
"I really like this book because the message in hidden in the story.  I've only read 1 chapter, but besides the bible, this is my favorite book!"
"After checking out this book because I'd heard it compared on the same level as Orwell's 1984, Brave New World was a dreadful disappointment.  Why people think it's so great, I'd really like to know.  Maybe I missed  something.  But to me, it seemed like a great premise that never went  anywhere.  It completely fizzled and died about 2/3 of the way through.  Huxley couldn't decide what storyline he wanted to use, and finally picked  the silliest, most childish one.  He also had trouble figuring out which of  his characters was the protagonist.  First it was Lenina, then it was her  lover (I forget his name), then it was the ""savage"", and so  forth.  So, yes, Huxley and Orwell have written books with similar ideas.  The only difference between the two is that Orwell carries off his  storyline in a mature and captivating manner, like a true writer."
great like a cold coke and whiskey early on  christmas morning. like the future it is  numbing to drink and do but endless giult is born the man of science
"This book explores the future and what ""utopia"" should be.  It gives a peek into where humanity will go wrong and gives mindblowing descriptions about what society will be like.  A great storyline and plot  that can be hard to follow at times but a very entertaining and exciting  work overall!!"
"It is completely effective, despite the fact that there are about 3 million copies of it. The last lines chilled me.  READ it now!  Oh, and to the people who said we are TURNING into brave new world; there have always  been extreme social classes- why don't we focus on out-of-control  technology instead?  Hope no one saw that NBC tv-movie about this book. It  was so commercialized and had so little to do with what the book is about,  it was painful to watch. Buy the real thing! If you are literate and are  somewhat intelligent, you should love it!"
"Don't get caught up - like so many have - in trying to over-analyse this book. It's themes are obvious, its message is quite clear. It doesn't need psychoanalysis of its author to understand the message that he brings in  the pages of Brave New World.  Just understand that being human = frailty,  emotions, and irrationality, no matter what we are taught. Nothing can  subdue the human-ness of us all, no matter how much we are conditioned and  sterilised.  That is the lesson of the book."
"I really liked this book, although there were some parts to it that I didn`t understand. The author creates a future world, where humans are genetically engineered to ""be happy"". I think the idea behind  this book is to point out some of the weaknesses of our society (eg. our  reluctance to face our problems - we tend to take some ""soma""  instead, which is a widely used drug in the book to make people forget  their problems)and to make us aware of what could happen in the future to  humanity if we aren`t careful. The future described in the novel is very  realistic and some of it is already starting to show up - whether we like  it or not. When reading the book, you get the feeling (or maybe you don`t)  that something is wrong with this future world. Engineering people to work  and be happy is wrong, because the happiness they are feeling is not real.  I guess it doesn`t make any sense now, but after reading the book it gives  you something to think about. A great book!"
"I was 15 the first time I read this book, 30-something years later it still remains one of my favourites. Everyone should read this book. If you liked A.B.N.W then I recommend another one of my favourites, Animal Farm.  Happy reading."
"After perusing the reviews of this book, good and bad, I was surprised to see little or no comment on one of its major themes: conditioning. In Huxley's vision the children of tomorrow are assembled (most with missing parts) in factories, then given subliminal treatment for the whole of their  formative years.  As adults they dutifully regurgitate catch phrases  ('everybody belongs to everybody') and take the drug Soma to calm any  inclination toward passionate activity.Is this not how we grow and  learn? Observing out parents and peers in the early years, aping their  fears and desires, then being routinly drilled through 12 to 20 years of  schooling the 'rules' of society, from Red Light Green Light to DARE and  onward?  And when stress and discomfort inflict the masses, isn't alcohol,  tobacco, TV and McDonalds there to soothe all the troubles away? A crude  version of 'Brave New World', perhaps, but steadily evolving as the few  bright minds of the world today work to make our lives a little  easier.In the book every person is separated into a caste: Alpha, Beta,  Gamma, ect., and are strictly taught to avoid contact outside these defined  boundaries.  This idea is contemporary: these 'castes' actually do exist,  here and now, in terms of intellect and upbringing, and is a reason why pop  culture in the U.S. is so varied and so much of it is invaribly crap.  As  the World Controller states: ""...eight-ninths below the water line,  one ninth above.""Enter into this sterile landscape of happy  consistancy John, a 'savage' raised by Indians but never accepted, a  tortured soul who reads Shakesphere and embraces isolation to the point  that the tempting flesh of another drives him into a frenzy of guilt and  rage, all deriving from and focused to his mother figure.  As the book  relates the experiences of his early years and winds up to its inevitable  conclusion for this stranger in a strange land, we see that John is just as  unable to escape his conditioning as the hypnopadia-trained clones of this  miserably perfect furture.Some claim that Huxley is too obvious in his  presentation, but I disagree: buried in the text are critisms of our  society, sexual repression in particular, and truths about entertainment  that none can deny--that all of it derives from suffering.  60+ years after  its publishing, BRAVE NEW WORLD is far more contemporary and insightful  than most the bestselling drivel thrown at us today.  You may like it or  hate it...but you cannot walk away without a change in your thought  patterns."
"Brave New World is a classic science fiction which forecast a future world with its World State's motto being COMMUNITY, IDENTITY, STABILITY. People are divided/cloned into classes - Alpha, Beta, .... Epsilon.""Alpha children wear grey. They work much harder than we do, becasue they're so  frightfully clever. I'm really awfully glad I'm a Beta, because I don't  work so hard. And then we are much better than the Gammas and Deltas.  Gammas are stupid. They all wear green, and Delta children wear khaki. Oh  no, I don't want to play with Delta Children. And Epsilons are still worse.  They are too stupid to be able....""This book was written in 1932.  It still has its impact. I was totally shocked to read about a world such  as that. But somehow, I also felt that there was a certain logic to it.  Read the book and you will see what I meant."
"While its portrayal of the future is not as apocalyptic and frightening as that of 1984, it is indeed more worrying, since 1.We're beggining to see certain elements of it in todays world, and 2.Some elements of Huxley's  future are dangeroulsy attractive.The society in which people live in  the book is, one could say, almost perfect. No one has any kind of  hardships or worries. You work your hours, get into a helicopter that you  yourself fly, go play some Centrifugal Bubble Puppy or some Obstale Golf,  go home with the girl (or boy) of your choice (which of course will be  different than the one yesterday, since ""everyone belongs to everyone  else""), and have sex all night. Then go to work the next morning.But things rarely are what they seem, and as you deepen yourself in the  story and listen to the counterpoints that John Savage discusses with the  Controller, you come to realise that, while everyone is basically provided  for and in a way happy, and the whole of society remains ""stable""  (and if they're not, they just take a Soma-Holiday); their inner lives are  incredibly empty of any kind of true love for anything or anyone, or any  individualism, both phisical and intelectual. Its not that they are not  allowed to express themselves or to love. They're just conditioned and  engineered like that. That plus the incesant cloning of the Epsiloms and  Gammas, the (Human) Hatcheries, the intense promiscuity, the strange  rituals and religious Zeal for ""Ford"", the Koskanofski groups  etc, add up to make a very insane future. One which I'm afraid, if we don't  look out, we are in danger of arriving at very soon.I reccomend you read  this book. If you liked 1984, you're gonna love this book. While its  wildely different to 1984 in the future it portrays, it is closer to  happening."
"The world is becoming like Huxley's Brave New World. Soma is just like  Prosac. There are the rich Alfas and Betas here. There are the Gammas,  Deltas, and Epsilon in the world too.  An example of an Alfa is Bill Gates; an example of a Beta is a regular  Doctor or a CEO; and example of a Gamma is a regular clerk or a teacher; an  example of a Delta is a McDonalds employee; lastly, an example of an  Epsilon would be an unemployed person or someone from a primitive area.Ok now the book review. I'd say that the only reason this books  surpasses 1984 by George Orwell and Animal Farm by, again, George Orwell is  that the story is becoming true. The book is about a despot style  government ruled by the God like FORD. There is a story to it, but I  believe the story is there to help you understand its government. Brave New  World Revisited will help you understand the philosophy of Brave New World.  This book is very interesting, but very hard to read (at least for me. I'm  in the 7th grade, as of now). I recommend this book to anyone who has a  anyone who has an open mind for Political books or books that mark a  philosophical foreshadowing for the government"
"Few have read Huxley's Brave New World, and fewer have commented on its deep insight in the nature of science and politics. Although Orwell's 1984 is much like Brave New World in its political implications, Huxley has  managed to show how science and the ""need to progress"" are used  as means of controlling society. In this text, there is a deep sense of  oppression arising from the strict rules and mentality of society. Genetic  engineering is the norm and thus, the distiny of each individual is  determined from birth. The difference is that this ""destiny"" is  determined not by an omnipotent God, but by the scientists and the policy -  makers who run the world. The novel goes further by depicting the  ""enlightenment"" of one who refuses to accept the rigid stigma of  the society. He enters an Indian settlement on the outskirts of the city,  and is shocked to see the ""barbarism"" of the people there.In an  attempt to understand the people, Max, the protagonist of the book, becomes  confused and depressed and finally commits suicide. The Brave New World has  taken its toll on Max but the world continues. Perhaps, this can be seen as  a criticism of the ""Brave New World"" of America, and the  disillusionment of its society. This is an essential read for those who  really want to know the politics of science and the science of politics."
"1984 and Brave New World were never part of my high school curriculum, but they both intrigued me, so I read them back to back.  I expected 1984 to be the more intellectually stimulating book as it is the more famous of the  two, but it was Brave New Word that really blew me away.  This book had me  wanting a society like this-where we are bred to be happy with our social  class and occupation no matter what level we are at.  Just think, no more  insecurities or competition!  I found this book more effective than 1984  because it was a society I wanted whereas only a moron would want to live  in the dreariness of 1984.  Huxley made me want this society, which caused  me to think even more."
"I am a senior in high school this year.  I am taking an advanced placement English class and this book was in our curriculum.  Like most high school students I skim over books that don't look interesting, but when I was  skimming over this book I realized that there is a lot to this book that I  needed to take time and find out.The main points of the book that I  enjoyed were the social commentary relating to being alone and being an  individual.  I also liked the very idea that this book was written so long  ago, but shows exactly the way that our sociaty is and will turn out  because of our own misguided views.  I believe that Huxly had a few mental  distortions of his reality when he wrote this, but he definatly had a grasp  on where the future was headed.This book also contains a lot of subject  matter pertaining to sex.  Which makes it a more adult oriented book, but  on the other hand there is so much reality in this that it should definatly  be read by everyone.Although this book has extream adult content and  takes a good analytical mind to fully comprehend the hidden meanings in  some of his social satire, this is a great book for the high school class  room."
"While reading this, I had a feeling somewhat like  the one I had while reading 'the tripods trilogy' when I was a little younger."
"Reading this text for a Science and America in the  20th century course in college, I am struck with the similarities between Huxley's fiction and present-day Earth. I constantly reminded myself that the work is indeed  fiction.  The book raises a gamet of questions regarding ethics in  medicine, love, and society in general. It is quite a controversial text  great for discussion, yet evokes feelings of violation, vunerability, and  fear. One should be thankful the work remains in the fiction stacks at  local bookstores and libraries worldwide.Shocking and Exquisitly written  with great detail."
"If I could give 6 stars in this review I truly would.  I am a senior in high school and I found the first chapter a little hard to follow because I didn't understand what the book was about.  After reading about 2 more  chapters...I was hooked!  I began to fully appreciate the value of this  classic.  Aldous Huxley has been engraved in my mind as one of the best  writers of all time.  I would recommend this book to everyone but I must  say that I don't think that it is an easy book to read.  So, go for it!  You'll enjoy it but have patience at first.  When you get into it you wont  be able to put it down."
"Huxley's work portray's a future in which both love and neglect go hand-in-hand.  Where to succeed you must enjoy soma, and well, other things almost constantly.  A must read for those who enjoy alternate futures,  science-fiction, sociology, or romance.  May the Ford be with you."
